US	"Bubblegummy and fresh in acidity, this rosé tastes like a young Beaujolais, with strawberry and raspberry fruit. It's an enjoyable wine to wash down little tapas plates of olives, ham, salted nuts."		87	20	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Demetria 2010 Rosé (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rosé	Demetria
France	"This blend of Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault is light and fruity, with a touch of red-fruit candy. It has a soft aftertaste that suggests the wine is not bone dry. Drink now."	Triniti	84	17	Provence	Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Marrenon 2016 Triniti Rosé (Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire)	Rosé	Marrenon
Italy	"Baked plum, exotic spice and chocolate aromas almost jump out of the glass. The brawny palate doles out prune, blackberry jam, licorice and tobacco alongside round, velvety tannins. A raisin note backs up the finish."	Proemio	91	70	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Santi 2010 Proemio  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Santi
Spain	"Clean, fruity and solid smelling, with a fresh, lightweight palate housing flavors of ginger, lime, lemongrass and powdered sugar. Easy on the finish. Textbook quaffing Cava if you like it a little sweet."	Extra Dry	86	10	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Segura Viudas NV Extra Dry Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Segura Viudas
Italy	"Made with Sangiovese, Ciliegiolo, Foglia Tonda and Pugnitello, this offers delicate aromas of black cherry and cinnamon. The aromas cross over to the easygoing palate together with a hint of thyme and smooth, pliant tannins. Enjoy soon."	Valente	87	19	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Podere Il Castellaccio 2014 Valente Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Podere Il Castellaccio
Argentina	"This has a saturated purple color, with aromas that are green, inky and grassy. Supertannic and drawing in feel, it has black fruit and chocolate flavors that come across pushy, sweet and hot. It's as bold as they come, but it lacks elegance and harmony."		83	28	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca 8 2010 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Finca 8
Spain	"Hard gritty tarry aromas of black olive and black fruits are fully charred. A saturated grabby tannic palate feels rough, while the wine's flavors match its nose, meaning this tastes peppery, tarry and charred more than fresh and fruity. A tight, tannic, toasty finish is consistent with the rest of this dark, crusty Crianza. Drink through 2023."	Crianza	89	30	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Val Sotillo 2012 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Val Sotillo
US	"A blend of Cabernet (70%) and Merlot, it offers aromas of dried herbs and rasinated dark fruit along with a kiss of vanilla. The fruit flavors are plump in feel with a sweet finish."	Whistle Stop	87	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Snoqualmie 2013 Whistle Stop Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Snoqualmie
Spain	"Dark and sultry on the nose, with aromas of burnt toast and raisin that hint at ripeness and some serious oak aging. The wine is juicy yet also a little creamy, with raspberry and plum flavors that are broad and flow nicely across the palate and onto the wide, chewy finish."	Reserva	88	25	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ramón Bilbao 2004 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Ramón Bilbao
US	"Aromatically this wine offers a lot of pleasant things, from anise and violet to pretty dark cherry and blackberry fruit. The tannins are pronounced and leathery, the mouthfeel quite concentrated, making it a hearty wine that could take a little more time in bottle to come around. The 2009 is more accessible."	Shake Ridge Vineyards	87	38	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Yorba 2008 Shake Ridge Vineyards Tempranillo (Amador County)	Tempranillo	Yorba
Argentina	"A long with aromas of dried cheese, earth and rubber, there's enough clean black fruit to bring it home. The palate is snappy and fresh, with edgy, lively plum and berry flavors. The finish is short but offers some flashes of quality. Basic but solid Cab."		85	9	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tupun 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Tupungato)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tupun
Italy	"The aromas of this plump, round wine include cherry, vanilla, spice and coffee, but there are also some slightly greenish tones. The wine has smooth tannins with good freshness and length."		88	38	Tuscany	Bolgheri				Grattamacco 2004  Bolgheri	Red Blend	Grattamacco
Italy	"You'll find earthy aromas of leather, truffle, violet, ripe black cherry and a funky whiff of game on this. The approachable palate offers fleshy dark cherry, cranberry, clove and a hint of licorice alongside firm but not very persistent tannins."	Cascina Crosa	89	40	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pasquale Pelissero 2013 Cascina Crosa  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Pasquale Pelissero
Chile	"Gritty black-fruit aromas come with notes of bell pepper and green herbs as well as coffee grounds. A snappy, tough, drawing palate delivers peppery, blackened spice and herbal berry flavors prior to a crisp, tight finish with fresh acidity."	Reserve	87	16	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Patagonia 2014 Reserve Merlot (Maule Valley)	Merlot	Finca Patagonia
US	"This youthfully full-bodied, grippy wine has juicy cassis and a leathery texture at its core, with dried herb and cedar playing at its edges, a fine representation of a tannic vintage that offers structure in spades. Densely concentrated, it has ages to go in the bottle; drink now through 2023."		91	86	California	Stags Leap District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chimney Rock 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chimney Rock
US	"Smoothness, complexity and a great price are the strong points of this medium-bodied wine. It has wonderful raspberry, cedar and red-cherry flavors, light tannins, a polished feel on the palate and lingering finish."	The Original	88	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dark Horse 2014 The Original Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Dark Horse
US	"This is the real stuff, with pepper, blackberry, smoke and an earthy note. Drinks lush and complex. Sheer heaven, with impeccable precision and cohesion of blackberry liqueur, oak and lush tannins."		91	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Havens 1999 Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Havens
Italy	"Red berry, pressed rose and balsamic aromas lead the nose. The structured palate offers juicy black cherry, grilled herb, licorice, clove and a hint of mocha accompanied by firm, velvety tannins and fresh acidity."	del Comune di Serralunga d'Alba	92	60	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Paolo Manzone 2011 del Comune di Serralunga d'Alba  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Paolo Manzone
US	"Minerality takes center stage on the nose from Roblar's top-end line of wines, with limestone and wet slate getting boost from fresh squeezed lemon. On the palate, the crushed rock flavors continue with some pear as well, making for a mellow sipping experience. Serve with shellfish, white fish or a soft cheese."	Gold Collection	89	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Roblar 2012 Gold Collection Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Roblar
Spain	"Although this smells a bit oily, gritty and pyrazinic—an indication that it's living on borrowed time—at the moment this SB is still in fairly good shape. Pithy grapefruit flavors finish plump and citrusy. Drink immediately."	Monte Palma	85	10	Northern Spain	Rueda		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Cerrosol 2015 Monte Palma Sauvignon Blanc (Rueda)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bodegas Cerrosol
US	"A pretty, inviting nose suggests sweet cherry and cherry blossom. On the light-bodied palate, the wine shows earthiness. It's pleasant and just right for near-term enjoyment."	Estate	86	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Benton-Lane 2010 Estate Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Benton-Lane
Germany	"Fresh scents of orange zest and tangerine are tinged with smoke on this dry, piercingly lemony Riesling. The palate feels lean and steely, but is brightened by tart green apple and citrus notes on the midpalate. Finishes nervy and brisk."	Dry	89	20	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Schloss Vollrads 2011 Dry Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Schloss Vollrads
US	"The barrel aromas of vanilla and coconut are far out front of the fruit on this blend of Petite Sirah (40%), Zinfandel (33%), Lemberger (20%) and Syrah. It's full bodied with the wood overwhelming any sense of varietal flavors."	D.R. Wolfe's Family	85	16	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Thurston Wolfe 2012 D.R. Wolfe's Family Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Thurston Wolfe
Spain	"This mature brut nature is smoky and stalky/bitter on the nose. In the mouth, it's lean and acidic, with little body in support of citrus and gritty apple flavors. Bitterness and white-pepper notes rise up on the finish. For razor-sharp Cava, this fits the bill."	Mirgin	88	59	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Alella 2010 Mirgin Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Alta Alella
US	"Aromas of green, leafy herbs, plummy blue fruit and woodspices are followed by moderate flavors that show a mix of fruit and barrel. It's a pleasingly varietal wine at the right price."		87	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2013 Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Waterbrook
Spain	"Earthy compost aromas come with a whiff of coffee grinds. In the mouth, this is on the heavy side, while gritty flavors of roasted, stalky berry fruits and pepper finish juicy, with a syrupy feel."		83	13	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ribota 2010 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Ribota
France	"Firm tannins and overripe fruit dominate this wine. It will not develop well, with those tannins remaining tough."	Le Belvédère de Bourron	84	14	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bourron 2015 Le Belvédère de Bourron  (Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Bourron
US	"Very light pink, this rosé offers extremely pleasant and approachable aromas of nectarine, pluot, plum, lime and a dusting of vanilla. These give way to a light and bright palate, where lime zest cuts through a bubble gum core. Yeasty notes adds further nuance."	Estate Grown Rosé of	92	28	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cebada 2014 Estate Grown Rosé of Pinot Noir (Santa Ynez Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cebada
US	"All aged in single-use French oak, this offers pleasing nuances of corn on the cob, spice, mineral and chamomile. The prickly pear flavors are both elegantly styled and well balanced."	Celilo Vineyard	89	45	Washington	Columbia Gorge (WA)	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ashan 2013 Celilo Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Gorge (WA))	Chardonnay	Ashan
US	"This is a tight, monstrous Syrah, with a pocket of black fruit flavor and a dollop of earthiness. It veers into raisiny territory on the finish."	Jones Vineyard	86	24	California	El Dorado County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Morse 2007 Jones Vineyard Syrah (El Dorado County)	Syrah	Morse
US	"Sourced from the Clifton Hill vineyard, this is a supple and fruity Syrah, with exceptional depth of flavor. A mix of tart cherry and plum fruit, it's annotated with notes of graphite, ash, tobacco and dark chocolate."	Silo Reserve	93	30	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rulo 2009 Silo Reserve Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	Rulo
France	"This finely structured wine is ripe and full of blackberry flavors, with a soft, rich texture. That suggests it will age relatively quickly and be ready to drink from 2019."		89	10	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château La Roche Bazin 2015  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château La Roche Bazin
US	"This focuses on the Wadensvil clone, and seems almost spritzy—it's definitely a tongue-tickler. Cherry cola flavors highlight sweet, primary fruit. Refreshing, though probably best enjoyed within the first couple of years."	Artist Series #10	88	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2009 Artist Series #10 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Trisaetum
US	"Extraordinarily rich and complicated in flavors, this wine comes from vineyards that are at least 50 years old. It's dry and spicy, with textbook Zin notes of wild berries and currants, but also exotic minerals that come from the soil. Yes, the alcohol is high, but that is the signature of Seghesio's marvelous Zinfandels."	Old Vine	92	36	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Seghesio 2008 Old Vine Zinfandel (Alexander Valley)	Zinfandel	Seghesio
Spain	"Charred, blackened aromas of mint, licorice and burnt tire overshadow the wine's black-fruit components. This feels thick and dense, with chewy weight. Medicinal, herbal flavors of black fruits are peppery and a bit green, while mint and cough drop notes control the finish of this 85% Garnacha Tintorera and 15% Monastrell blend."		84	10	Central Spain	Almansa		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Niel Santofimia 2013 Red (Almansa)	Red Blend	Niel Santofimia
US	"This is an exciting and promising blend for the winery and region. Cabernet Sauvignon and the Brunello clone of Sangiovese present aromas of pine wood, wet slate, mud, dark red cherries and tobacco smudge. Elderberry, juniper and cedar show on the woody palate that combines great acidity with firm structure."	Sonata	91	42	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Robert Renzoni 2013 Sonata Red (Temecula Valley)	Red Blend	Robert Renzoni
Portugal	"This is a young, fruity wine made for early drinking. With bright acidity, soft tannins and forward red fruit, it's easy-drinking and ready now."	Portal da Vinha	86	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Companhia das Quintas 2015 Portal da Vinha Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Companhia das Quintas
US	"Brilliant aromatics rise up in layers of fruit, mineral, nutmeg and clove notes. The full, round mouthfeel doesn't confuse weight with intensity. Tart cherry, tar and dried flowers on the palate play into to a seductive finish where the cherry and licorice elements dance on and on. American grand cru Pinot Noir."	Shea Vineyard	94	48	America					Panther Creek 1998 Shea Vineyard Pinot Noir (America)	Pinot Noir	Panther Creek
US	"The slow-growing trend of white Pinot Noir finally landed on the Central Coast and Coby Parker-Garcia gives it a compelling argument in this bottling. Quite clear in the glass, and maybe the slightest bit pink, this shows crisp and clear aromas of orange blossoms, poached pear, sliced lime and rainy cement. The palate is tightly wound with fresh flavors of honeysuckle and more orange blossom."	Greengate Ranch & Vineyard Blanc	90	30	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	El Lugar 2016 Greengate Ranch & Vineyard Blanc Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	El Lugar
US	"This wine is made from grapes grown on the producer's RockRise Mountain vineyard, 1,100-feet up. Graham cracker provides a decadent introduction to the nose and palate, as extracted, extended red fruit plays along. Full bodied and concentrated, with rounded corners, it ends in cola and vanilla."	PreVail Back Forty	90	90	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ferrari-Carano 2014 PreVail Back Forty Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ferrari-Carano
Italy	"Very much a baby, this is one big, bold, burly Cab-Merlot-Syrah blend that's filled to the brim with extracted plum fruit, bitter chocolate and earth. It takes a long time in the glass for it to lose its youthful, funky aromatics, and on the palate things are still a bit scattered. But in due time things will settle and integrate"	Ghiaie Della Furba	90	49	Tuscany	Tuscany		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Capezzana 1999 Ghiaie Della Furba Red (Tuscany)	Red Blend	Capezzana
US	"The plush-feeling plum and blue fruit flavors provide much of the appeal on this pleasant, easy-drinking wine. Aromas of tar and berry provide accents."		87	19	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Boomtown 2013 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Boomtown
France	Black fruit and soft tannins yield a wine that is rounded with some attractive texture. Its ripe black currant fruitiness is lifted by its crisp acidity. Drink now.		86	10	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Patriarche Père et Fils 2015 Merlot (Vin de France)	Merlot	Patriarche Père et Fils
US	"Greenwood's Merlot-Zinfandel blend is a nod to vintner-in-chief Allan Green's Dragons baseball team and would be so fun to recommend to baseball lovers the world over if only it tasted better. There's some nice cherry notes buried in there somewhere, but otherwise the wine is overly tannic and its aromatics seemingly benched."	Home Run Red	84	21	California	Mendocino		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Greenwood Ridge 2009 Home Run Red Red (Mendocino)	Red Blend	Greenwood Ridge
US	"Too soft in structure, and sweet, too, like berry fruit concentrate. Fans of sweet, simple red wines will like this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Zinfandel."	Brooster Fighting Red	83	18	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Pomar Junction 2010 Brooster Fighting Red Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Pomar Junction
Italy	"Dark-skinned berry, forest floor and coconut touches lead the nose. The dense, full-bodied palate evokes fleshy black cherry, vanilla, tobacco and licorice flavors, all set against chewy tannins. Drink through 2022."		88	70	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cencioni Patrizia 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Cencioni Patrizia
Chile	"Starts with a clean cherry and berry nose, which sets up the fresh, well-layered palate. Flavors of red fruits are ripe and medium sweet, while touches of oak, butter and pepper emerge on the finish. A tasty everyday wine."	Reserve	87	9	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alicia 2006 Reserve Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Santa Alicia
US	"This is the first offering of this wine where Cabernet Franc (37%) takes the lead, blended with Cabernet Sauvignon (27%), Merlot (23%), Malbec (7%) and Petit Verdot. It's drinking young now, with wound-up herbs, cherry, chocolate and cranberry flavors backed by firm, gripping tannins. It will be best after 2021."	Trine	89	65	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Pepper Bridge 2012 Trine Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Pepper Bridge
Italy	"Le Prunée is a simple expression of Merlot with layers of cherry, blackberry, spice, earth and old leather. You could easily pair this wine with roast chicken or pork thanks to the smooth nature of the mouthfeel."	Le Prunée	86	16	Northeastern Italy	Delle Venezie				Tommasi 2008 Le Prunée Merlot (Delle Venezie)	Merlot	Tommasi
US	"Quite yellow in the glass, this twist-top bottling shows a slight hint of reduction, with aromas of beeswax, lemon peel and yellow grapefruit pith. There's a good sizzle of acidity to the palate and a steely texture, but it's a tad ripe with lemon candy and spun-sugar flavors."	Rancho Vinedo	87	32	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Hug 2015 Rancho Vinedo Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Hug
US	"A minuscule amount of this wine is made, coming from 45-year-old vines. Ripe, dense and dusty red and black berries combine against soft, approachable layers of integrated tannin and oak, finishing with leather and cigar."	The Hidden One Exceptional Selection	90	100	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Leto 2012 The Hidden One Exceptional Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Leto
Chile	"Aromas of field greens and wax bean are restrained on the nose. This has a round palate with citric acidity. Flavors of briny green fruits finish slightly closed and bitter. This wine reflects the 2016 vintage which was a cloudy, wet one in Casablanca."	CJ's Barrel	88	26	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kingston Family 2016 CJ's Barrel Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kingston Family
US	"Unctuous, with a profound sense of the salty sea, this wine is both rich and bright, balanced between crisp, defined acidity and complex depth of flavor. Lemon verbena and quince compete against a more nuanced, satisfying bite of caramelized pear as the finish refreshes."	J McK Estate Vineyard	93	42	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Anaba 2014 J McK Estate Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Anaba
Germany	"This is a prototypical Saar Riesling, with classic green apple and citrus flavors underscored by slate-driven minerality that lingers for a long time on the finish. Despite the sensation of plumpness, the wine is light on its feet. Imported by Chapin Cellars, LLC."	Ockfener Bockstein Spätlese Goldkap	91	29	Mosel-Saar-Ruwer			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Dr. Wagner 2006 Ockfener Bockstein Spätlese Goldkap Riesling (Mosel-Saar-Ruwer)	Riesling	Dr. Wagner
Portugal	"Smooth and fresh, packed with juicy fruit, this is an immediately accessible, young wine. Black currant and plum juice, bright acidity. Drink next year."	Vertente	89	30	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Niepoort 2008 Vertente Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Niepoort
Italy	"This easy-drinking blend of Sangiovese and Merlot offers red cherry, strawberry and a hint of anise. Simple and rather diluted, it's made to be drunk young, with brisk acidity and fleeting tannins."		84	13	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	I Veroni 2013 Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	I Veroni
Chile	"Wet clay, tomato paste, oregano and carob aromas form the bouquet that's more strained than smooth. The palate is lively and herbal in flavor, with a baked berry note that ends in a wash of herb. It gets better with airing."	Gran Reserva Maipo Alto	83	15	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Carmen 2010 Gran Reserva Maipo Alto Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Carmen
US	"This wine is half Cabernet Sauvignon, with the balance Merlot (20%), Cabernet Franc (18%) and a healthy dollop of Petit Verdot. Aromas of green herbs, fresh flowers, soil and barrel spice lead to dark cherry flavors backed by grainy tannins."	Arianses Vineyard	88	30	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	:Nota Bene 2012 Arianses Vineyard Red (Wahluke Slope)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	:Nota Bene
Italy	"Tilled earth, underbrush, rose petal, perfumed berry, aromatic herb and a balsamic note are some of the many alluring scents you'll find on this gorgeous red. The juicy palate is both earthy and loaded with finesse, doling out ripe dark cherry, raspberry, pipe tobacco, licorice and energizing mineral. Firm, polished tannins provide structure. It's already almost accessible but will continue to evolve and age beautifully. Drink from 2019 through 2029."		96	72	Piedmont	Lessona		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Proprietà Sperino 2011  Lessona	Nebbiolo	Proprietà Sperino
US	"Entirely varietal, and given five months to gel in stainless steel, this is a dark copper-red wine that's noticeably earthy on the nose. Dry, woody and a touch sour in cherry and strawberry, it should be enjoyed chilled and with ceviche."	Rosé of	84	22	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lawer 2015 Rosé of Syrah (Knights Valley)	Syrah	Lawer
US	"A fine companion to the winery's Lumière Chardonnay, this takes the grape in a much different direction. Here old vine grapes fall under the influence of barrel fermentation with wild yeast. Aged in 40% new French oak, and (presumably) put through malolactic fermentation, it's a buttery bonbon of a wine, tasting of brioche and baked apples, with a silky smooth finish."	Enlightenment	91	50	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sparkman 2011 Enlightenment Chardonnay (Yakima Valley)	Chardonnay	Sparkman
US	"This is one of Freeman's basic 2011 Pinots, along with their Russian River Valley bottling, and a very good wine it is. Made from a variety of vineyards in the big Sonoma Coast appellation, the wine is silky and tart in acidity, with cranberry, cola, raspberry jam and toasty oak flavors. The alcohol is low, making it a lovely food-friendly wine. Drink now–2019."		91	44	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Freeman 2011 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Freeman
US	"Distinctly sugary, which gives the blackberries and cherries a jammy sweetness. But it's clean and crisp. For those who like this style, it's pretty good."	Victorian Claret	84	15	California	Lake County				Guenoc 2007 Victorian Claret Red (Lake County)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Guenoc
Spain	"Mild citrus, melon and peach aromas are clean. This wine feels solid and a touch plump, but with agility. Peach and melon flavors are simple, and it's fresh, tasty and fairly elegant on the finish."		88	14	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Evaia 2016 Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Evaia
Portugal	"Rich and finely balanced, this wine combines spice notes with rich tannins and blackberry tones. While it is dense and complex, it is still young and needs time to age. Drink after 2015."	Diga? Tinto	90	58	Bairrada			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Campolargo 2010 Diga? Tinto Red (Bairrada)	Portuguese Red	Campolargo
Argentina	"Pleasant and fairly clean for the price, with hazelnut, honey and a dusting of talcum powder on the nose. The palate is on the thin side, and that helps the wine stay fresh and manageable. And along the way the flavors of apple, kiwi and gooseberry are relaxed and easy."	Elsa	84	9	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2007 Elsa Chardonnay	Chardonnay	Valentin Bianchi
Italy	"Barbaresco Santo Stefano is a linear and silky expression of Nebbiolo, with pretty aromas of dried raspberry and smoke. It shows elegance and a bright, lively finish."	Santo Stefano	90	65	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Castello di Neive 2009 Santo Stefano  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Castello di Neive
France	"The citrus notes on the nose are subdued. On the palate, they strike up and portray tangerine and lemon on the slender, dry and fresh body. The finish almost has a tropical quality."	Signature	89	13	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Robert Klingenfus 2016 Signature Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Robert Klingenfus
Germany	"Fresh white peach and green melon flavors shine in this zesty, spry wine. Just a shade off dry, it's a refreshing everyday wine with invigorating acidity. Drink now."		86	16	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Weingut Liebfrauenstift 2014 Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Weingut Liebfrauenstift
US	"Tastes candy sweet and hot, with Lifesaver cherry and black raspberry flavors. Drink now."	Unforgettable	84	38	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Hunt Cellars 2004 Unforgettable Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	Hunt Cellars
France	"Very herbaceous, this is a light and simple wine. It has attractive green fruits, citrus and fresh acidity. Crisp and clean, it is ready to drink."		84	22	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Langlois-Chateau 2012  Sancerre	Sauvignon Blanc	Langlois-Chateau
US	"Quite spicy, with cinnamon and peppery cherry, raspberry, black currant, anise, tea and plum notes. Smooth, silky tannins frame it all, with a mellow finish. Quite nice. Editors' Choice."		91	27	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Williams Selyem 2000 Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
Portugal	"From its youth, this is obviously an ageworthy wine. The tannins, firm black-fruit flavors and intense acidity all point to this wine's longevity. It shows great balance, with its fruit melding into its dry structure. A beautifully polished wine."	Vertente	91	23	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Niepoort 2009 Vertente Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Niepoort
US	"Herbaceous in aroma, this crisp and dry wine tastes fresh and lean—typical for a Sauvignon Blanc. It smells like parsley and thyme, is lemony and medium bodied on the palate, and has a tangy finish."		87	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dancing Bull 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Dancing Bull
France	"From old vines, this wine has weight and the potential for rich black fruits. For the moment, the wood aging is too much, although this should go on to bring out the fruit. It is a wine that needs to develop, so wait until 2018."		89	16	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Cranne 2014  Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Cranne
US	"After years of producing a basic Sonoma County Pinot, the winery turns to the coast for this blend of several vineyards. The results are wonderful. The wine is rich and expressive in raspberries and cherries, with touches of bacon, cola and the sweetness of new French oak. Drink this silky wine now."		90	24	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Chateau St. Jean 2011 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Chateau St. Jean
US	"Fresh-cut grass and gooseberry dominate on the nose of this wine, a style that's not for everyone. From there, bristling sparks of lemon and lime dominate, giving the wine a refreshing edge. Unoaked, the finish is a tad severe in its austerity."		86	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Apriori 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Apriori
US	"Composed, complex and complete, this mellow wine is very comfortable in its skin. Touches of oak, tobacco, dried plum and cardamom fill the aroma, and ripe but not overripe black cherry, tamarind and cola flavors flood the palate, supported by fine-grained tannins and medium-full body."	Old Vine Reserve	94	38	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Scott Harvey 2012 Old Vine Reserve Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Scott Harvey
US	"This is a 100% varietal, dry-farmed and old-vine wine, peppered in cedar, raspberry and vanilla. It's soft and subtle on the palate, with pretty aromatics and a rich backbeat of juicy fruit. Balanced and with an underlying elegance, it delivers in every way."	Centanni Vineyard	93	25	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Vite Vecchio 2013 Centanni Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Vite Vecchio
Portugal	"The wine is soft, light and stalky. It is made to be drunk young with its fresh red berry fruits, acidity and only a minimum of tannins. Drink now."	Galileu Tinto	84	9	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casal do Conde 2014 Galileu Tinto Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Casal do Conde
US	"Three months in stainless steel result in a very pale wine with aromas of lemon peel and grapefruit flesh. The palate is painted with bright, citrus zest acidity throughout, yet retains the varietal's flavors of nectarine flesh and yellow melons. It makes a leading option for the unoaked crowd."	Metallico Un-Oaked	88	22	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Morgan 2013 Metallico Un-Oaked Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	Morgan
Chile	"The Carmenère in this Carm-Cabernet-Syrah blend is the lead singer, so expect a touch of minty green and herbal essence. It's a heavyweight in the sense that the mouthfeel is big and the tannins are a little hard. But with airing it unveils classy, spicy berry flavors and wood-based accents of vanilla and butter (20 months in new oak will do that). A big wine that needs some airing. Ready now but can rest well in the cellar for a few more years."	Rivalta Limited Selection	91	68	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2005 Rivalta Limited Selection Red (Cachapoal Valley)	Red Blend	Santa Ema
Germany	"The von Kesselstatt estate released four GG bottlings in 2009, and this wine was perhaps the least of them. It's very good nonetheless, with fresh, slightly floral aromas and bold flavors of baked apple and orange zest. There's a chunkiness in the mouth and a slight coarseness of texture compared to the others, but that's splitting hairs."	Kaseler Nies'chen Trocken GG	88	49	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2009 Kaseler Nies'chen Trocken GG Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
US	"This new vintage of the Zena Crown seems already faded. Light, tart strawberry fruit lacks concentration and carries a bit of bitter herb flavor. Tannins are earthy and the finish abrupt."	Zena Crown	86	40	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Soléna 2013 Zena Crown Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Soléna
US	"This pleasant Merlot is a little tough and gritty, but it's rich and candied in blackberry and cherry, roasted almond and vanilla flavors. Give it some time to breathe in the glass."		86	21	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Robert Mondavi 2010 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Robert Mondavi
Argentina	"Cool, dark-plum aromas are mildly herbal. This feels drawn-in and tough. Disposable berry flavors come with peppery notes, while the finish doesn't offer much new."	Reserve	84	16	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Andean 2013 Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Andean
US	This behemoth of a wine grabs your attention with its deep color and late harvest aromas then coats the palate with superripe cherry and baking spice flavors. It comes across as Port-like despite its dryness and very firm tannins. Best after 2022.	Estate	87	52	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Las Positas 2013 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Livermore Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Las Positas
Argentina	"Smells a bit acrid, with aromas of peach pit and chemical. The palate is short on structure and offers punch-like sweetness in the mango/papaya field of play. Very juicy but not tasting or smelling very defined."	Alta Chardonnay-Torrontes	82	10	Other	Tulum Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Callia 2009 Alta Chardonnay-Torrontes White (Tulum Valley)	White Blend	Callia
US	"This wine is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot, Syrah, Merlot, and Cabernet Franc. The aromas are quite reserved, with notes of vanilla, berry, plum and wood spice. The palate brings plum, cranberry and raspberry flavors, backed by lightly grainy tannins."		88	17	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Pendulum 2014 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Pendulum
Italy	"Red berry, white pepper, crushed herb and a balsamic note lead the nose on this elegant red. The tense, mid-weight palate offers raspberry, tart cherry, anise and clove framed in taut, polished tannins and bright acidity."		90	24	Piedmont	Ghemme		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ioppa 2011  Ghemme	Red Blend	Ioppa
Germany	"Chalk dust and slate lend a mineral elegance to white blossom, lime and gooseberry notes. The palate is zesty and spry, marked by concentrated hits of sweet stone fruit and citrus flavor."	Wehlener Sonnenuhr Kabinett	91	28	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Loosen 2013 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
Chile	"Herbal berry, cassis and mint aromas open this classic Maipo Cabernet. Racy acidity and firm tannins make for a structured mouthfeel, while plum, currant, spice and light herbal notes finish loamy. Drink now."	Reserva de Familia	90	20	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2013 Reserva de Familia Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Carolina
Spain	"Dense and spicy on the nose, with tobacco, baked fruit aromas and dry, woody notes. It's a fairly rich, slick and generous Rioja with lightly baked berry fruit flavors, spice cake accents and limited complexity. Solid on the finish, with additional spice notes. Drink now through 2013."	Finca Monasterio	88	45	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Baron De Ley 2007 Finca Monasterio  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Baron De Ley
US	"Veteran winemaker Joe Davis holds back wines like this Chardonnay longer than most, revealing wondrous maturity once uncorked. This shows whipped vanilla cream, marzipan, walnut and baked apple scents on the unctuous nose, while similar butter and meringue flavors show on the palate. Underlying acidity and chalky tension keep it fresh and mouthwatering."	Clos Pepe Vineyard	93	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Arcadian 2011 Clos Pepe Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Arcadian
Germany	"This zesty, light-footed Riesling is a showcase of puckery lime, lemon and yellow-plum flavors off set by a delicate haze of sweetness. Just a shade off dry in style, it finishes moderately long with touches of herb and bramble on the finish. Drink now through 2018."	Rüdesheim Bischofsberg Kabinett Feinherb	87	19	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Nägler 2013 Rüdesheim Bischofsberg Kabinett Feinherb Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Dr. Nägler
US	"An exciting varietal wine from an appellation that has done well by it, this opens in aromas of baked bread and compost, in addition to toasty bacon and chocolate. Tart and tight, it's ripe and yet restrained, a nice tension of contrast at its core."	Moaveni Vineyard	90	45	California	Bennett Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	MacLaren 2013 Moaveni Vineyard Syrah (Bennett Valley)	Syrah	MacLaren
Spain	"Pink in color, this has fresh, clean aromas of stone fruits. Feels medium to full, with red licorice, sweet baking-spice and raspberry flavors. Quick, round and solid on the finish, which lingers for quite some time. A fine summer sipper."		87	9	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Cáceres 2011 Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Marqués de Cáceres
US	"From the family's westernmost vineyard, this bottling is fabulously complex. It shows dense dried fruit and turned earth aromas, along with chaparral, smoke, clove and nutmeg. Those wild elements figure strongly on the sip, which shows thyme, rosemary and sagebrush accents around a core of plum, pomegranate and hibiscus flavors. A vanilla flair graces the finish."	Parker West	94	58	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fess Parker 2015 Parker West Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Fess Parker
US	"From a vineyard in southern Oregon that is actually its own, self-contained AVA (Red Hill Douglas County), this is a well-structured Pinot Noir with grip and authority. There is a noticeable smokiness to both nose and palate, not unpleasant, and the fruit is tight and supple. Black cherry and blackberry flavors are set in charred wood tannins, but everything is in proportion and nicely developed."	Red Hill Vineyard	89	24	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Oak Knoll 2006 Red Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Oak Knoll
US	"High in ripeness and intensity, this vineyard designate overpowers with astringency as it plows through a wall of blackberry jam and chocolate flavors."	Two Pear Vineyard	83	38	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	DeLorimier 2014 Two Pear Vineyard Zinfandel (Alexander Valley)	Zinfandel	DeLorimier
Spain	"Floral red-berry and cassis aromas are steady and fresh. In the mouth, this wine turns raw and jagged. Cranberry, currant and red-plum flavors show very little oak before a lean, powerful finish. This cool-vintage wine will last for years but probably not improve."	Cosme Palacio Viñedos en Altitud Crianza	89	20	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Palacio 2013 Cosme Palacio Viñedos en Altitud Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Palacio
US	"Toasty nose, bright fruit, makes for a classy, creamy, zippy Zin. This is really a pleasure, balanced and forward and full of life. There are some nuances of tar and spice in a balanced, exceptionally lively, seductive wine."	Liar's Dice	91	17	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Murphy-Goode 1998 Liar's Dice Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Murphy-Goode
US	"From vines more than 90-years-old, this is a refreshingly restrained and elegant wine, earthy in grilled mushroom and cherry-berry juiciness, braced in firm acidity. Cocoa and nutmeg provide compelling seasonings that linger on the finish."	Collins Holystone Vineyard Old Vine	90	35	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Benessere 2013 Collins Holystone Vineyard Old Vine Zinfandel (St. Helena)	Zinfandel	Benessere
Portugal	"This big and bold wine exudes power and fruitiness. It has ripe fruits, sweet tannins and a great mix of spice, toasty wood and acidity. Both juicy and structured, it's likely to develop well. Drink from 2016."	Bridão Reserva	91	14	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo 2011 Bridão Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo
Spain	"This three-grape white blend starts with oily aromas and weight before finding some minerality and white-fruit notes. The palate has citrusy kick and zing to bolster green apple and orange flavors. The finish is wide, a touch clumsy and citrusy in flavor, with tang and lasting freshness."	Vivanco Viura-Malvasia-Tempranillo Blanco	85	14	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Dinastía Vivanco 2012 Vivanco Viura-Malvasia-Tempranillo Blanco White (Rioja)	White Blend	Dinastía Vivanco
US	"The fantastic nose pitches French toast together with Meyer lemon pith, crushed rock, struck match and a slight sour-cream element. This wine is immediately lively on the tongue, with lots of but not overdone acidity. Yeasty toast flavors are cut by lemon and poached pear on a racy and focused palate."	La Rinconada Vineyard	93	48	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2013 La Rinconada Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
US	"Held back for more than four years, this Cab remains tough in tannins and lush in primary fruits. It's as ripe as any '09 out there, with black cherry, currant, chocolate and roasted coconut flavors. A succulent sweetness runs throughout, despite the absolutely dry finish. Hold until 2018, and if you have more than one bottle, drink one every additional year."		93	80	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Duckhorn 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Duckhorn
France	"One of a range of single-vineyard wines, this is tight and still very young. It has a chalky texture, feeling very mineral and nervy. The fruit hints at lemon and green plum, needing time to fill out. Drink from 2019."	Au Mont	91	19	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons des Terres Secrètes 2014 Au Mont  (Saint-Véran)	Chardonnay	Vignerons des Terres Secrètes
France	"Firmly tannic still, this wine is fully ripe, rich and structured. Considerably powerful, it's full of red fruits and dark plums cut with a fine line of acidity. Finishes fresh, with sweet tannins that linger. Drink this fine wine from 2017."		93	76	Burgundy	Corton Les Renardes		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri de Villamont 2010  Corton Les Renardes	Pinot Noir	Henri de Villamont
US	"A hint of rose petal perfumes white peach and grapefruit on this elegant off-dry Riesling. The midpalate is softened by a burst of luscious apricot, while a zesty steak of lime balances a long, meandering finish."	Semi Dry	89	18	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Barnstormer 2014 Semi Dry Riesling (Seneca Lake)	Riesling	Barnstormer
Germany	"A solid value in German Riesling that just misses out being a Best Buy, this wine features aromas of honey-drizzled baked apples with cinnamon and lemon juice, a refreshingly light feel on the palate and an ultraclean, persistent finish with undertones of ripe melon. Drink now–2015."	Niersteiner Paterberg Kabinett	89	15	Rheinhessen			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Weingut Georg Albrecht Schneider 2006 Niersteiner Paterberg Kabinett Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Weingut Georg Albrecht Schneider
US	"The wine is enormously ripe, a lip-smackingly fruity 100% Cab that seduces the palate with massive black currant, licorice, sweet date and cedar flavors. Yet it has a tannic astringency that suggests, although it does not require, aging. Should develop well for at least a decade."	Cyrus Ryan Vineyard	93	90	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Barnett 2005 Cyrus Ryan Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Barnett
France	This solid and dense wine is full of tannins as well as layers of wood and blackberry fruit. It has the potential to gain in richness as it develops. A smoky quality accents its black plum flavors. Drink from 2019.		88	13	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Ricaud 2015  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Ricaud
US	"Petit Verdot (62%) takes the lead on this blend, followed by Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec and Cabernet Franc. The flower, green herb, coffee and barrel spice aromas are brooding, while the palate offers bright acids, firm tannins and a spot-on sense of balance."	Trentenaire	91	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Brian Carter Cellars 2012 Trentenaire Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Brian Carter Cellars
Georgia	"A bouquet of cherry, white chocolate and juniper berry sets the stage for flavors of raspberry, blackberry, blueberry pie and baking spices. It is smooth in the mouth, with a sense of soft sweetness that is neither overpowering nor cloying, bolstered by a pervasive backbone of acidity."	Semi-Sweet Khvanchkara	90	20	Georgia			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Teliani Valley 2015 Semi-Sweet Khvanchkara Red (Georgia)	Red Blend	Teliani Valley
Italy	"Aromas of red berry, blue flower, menthol, exotic spice and a whiff of French oak take shape on this impeccably balanced radiant red. The palate is vibrant and focused—almost ethereal—delivering raspberry compote, Marasca cherry, star anise and cinnamon framed in elegant tannins. Weightless and loaded with finesse, it's an incredible result for what was a cool wet vintage in most of Italy. Drink through 2024."	Sassicaia	95	235	Tuscany	Bolgheri Sassicaia		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta San Guido 2014 Sassicaia  (Bolgheri Sassicaia)	Red Blend	Tenuta San Guido
Chile	"Morande is the biggest producer of Pinot Noir in Casablanca Valley, and this entry-level bottling is a good value to boot. Earthy, forest-fire aromas coat black cherry notes in the bouquet; the palate's bark, oak and bacon flavors come from time in old American oak barrels. Creamy and simple, but a steal."	Pionero	84	7	Casablanca Valley					Morandé 2001 Pionero Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Morandé
US	"This young wine remains tight and tannic, with light cherry fruit highlighted with fresh orange. The tannins are stiff and carry a hint of earthiness."		86	18	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Eola Hills 2014 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Eola Hills
Austria	"A nose of honeyed autolysis is most inviting, while the palate does not disappoint with its bready notes of citrus, fine persistent bubbles and round mouthfeel, yet with that wonderfully zesty focus of acidity. This delivers exactly where it should—on the midpalate and the long, superclean finish that leaves lingering notes of lemon shortbread."	Brut Reserve	91	29	Österreichischer Sekt			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Schloss Gobelsburg NV Brut Reserve Sparkling (Österreichischer Sekt)	Sparkling Blend	Schloss Gobelsburg
France	"This single-parcel, partially barrel-fermented Champagne is in effect a Blanc de Noirs. If all that sounds complicated (and so does the name of the wine), the wine itself is much easier to appreciate. It is certainly rich, with a touch of tannin and mineral texture. Full of ripe white fruits, it offers good acidity at the end. It could age longer; drink from 2017."	Fins Lieux No 1 Millésimé Grand Cru Brut	93	70	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pehu-Simonet 2010 Fins Lieux No 1 Millésimé Grand Cru Brut Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Pehu-Simonet
US	"Although this is a rather light and tart wine, it has unusual flavors of cured ham and lots of herbal power in the finish, which is leafy and tannic. It might be better as a component in a blend, but as a stand-alone it shows some genuine terroir."	Ridgecrest Vineyard	89	44	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2005 Ridgecrest Vineyard Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Chehalem
US	"Gritty and dry, this rustic blend of Zin, Syrah and Cabernet has earthy flavors of cherries and spices. It's a fine everyday red to drink with everything from pasta or cold cuts to pizza and burgers."	Presents Rosso	84	10	California	California	California Other			Francis Ford Coppola 2007 Presents Rosso Red (California)	Red Blend	Francis Ford Coppola
Italy	"Aromas of leather, prune, mature dark berry and carob lead the nose on this warm, brawny wine. The ripe palate offers fig, black cherry-marinated-in-spirits, licorice and tobacco alongside dense tannins. The heat of alcohol is evident on the midpalate."	Riserva	89	30	Central Italy	Montefalco Rosso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Milziade Antano 2011 Riserva  (Montefalco Rosso)	Red Blend	Milziade Antano
US	"A sound, everyday Zinfandel, this may be a little green and underripe, but it does show some berry-cherry flavor. The alcohol is very high."	Estate	85	18	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Mounts 2009 Estate Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Mounts
US	"This wine tastes relatively light and easy despite full body. It has aromas like raspberry jam, flavors that are exuberantly fruity, and a feeling of freshness and brightness."		87	16	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bonterra 2013 Zinfandel (Mendocino County)	Zinfandel	Bonterra
Chile	"Aromas of fresh asphalt are gritty but mix nicely into lightly herbal black-fruit scents. This blend of 70% Cabernet and 30% Carmenère is hard-driving and firm. A collection of baked berry and spice flavors finish with mild oak, tobacco and vanilla flavors. Drink through 2019."	Antu	90	19	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	MontGras 2013 Antu Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	MontGras
US	"Classic Sonoma Zin—dry, tannic and spicy. Shows the briary, brambly side of the variety, with wild blueberry, blackberry and cola flavors finished with exotic spices and a hint of dark chocolate. The addition of Petite Sirah may be responsible for the sizable tannins. This is a wine that will last for many years, gradually softening, but it's best enjoyed soon for its fruity exuberance."	Ponzo Vineyard	88	30	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Hawley 2011 Ponzo Vineyard Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Hawley
France	This soft wine shows gentle Chardonnay flavors. Toast and yellow fruits are blended with minerality to give a ripe texture that doesn't need to age.	Passeport	85	26	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Barton & Guestier 2013 Passeport  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Barton & Guestier
US	"This is a simple, fruity wine, with blackberry, cherry and oak flavors that finish dry and crisp in Monterey acidity. It's compromised by a green, vegetal note of unripeness."		82	15	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Formation 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Monterey County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Formation
US	"Simple and jammy, with sharp flavors of raspberries, cherries, gingersnap cookies and spices. Tasty and sweet, but lacking the structure to contain all that richness."		84	20	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills			Lava Cap 2007 Merlot (El Dorado)	Merlot	Lava Cap
US	"The vineyard produces everything from Pinot Noir and Sauvignon Blanc to Chardonnay and Syrah for the winery, with generally good results. This Pinot shows the exotic notes of wildland herbs and pine that so often show up in Fort Ross-Seaview Pinots. But it's also rich in cherries, and the acidity is just about perfect. With a delicacy of mouthfeel, it's a fine example of coastal Pinot Noir, but it needs time. Give it until 2020."	Cinghiale Vineyard	92	75	California	Fort Ross-Seaview	Sonoma			Del Dotto 2011 Cinghiale Vineyard Pinot Noir (Fort Ross-Seaview)	Pinot Noir	Del Dotto
Argentina	"Roasted on the nose, and also a bit flat and stalky smelling. Feels round and simple, with oaky, rustic berry flavors accented by pepper, herbs and tomato. Falls off to basic on the finish, with leafiness. Cabernet Sauvignon with Merlot, Malbec and Pinot Noir."	Picada 15	85	11	Other	Patagonia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega NQN 2010 Picada 15 Red (Patagonia)	Red Blend	Bodega NQN
US	"This Syrah-based blend of five different red grapes may be “big” in blending components, but it's quite sleek and elegant on the palate. It's not a deeply concentrated brooding wine, but brisk and spry, offering fresh black-cherry and berry flavors. Soft feathery tannins and notes of cedar and forest floor linger on the finish."	Big Blend	88	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Atwater 2013 Big Blend Red (Finger Lakes)	Red Blend	Atwater
US	"Full of strawberry and cherry flavor, this semisweet wine was bottle-fermented. It has a beautiful pink color, tastes extremely fruity, and feels simply fizzy and easy to drink. The sweetness helps all that fruit linger on the finish."	Sweet Rosé	86	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Korbel NV Sweet Rosé Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
US	"Light and lean on entry, this wine builds up steam and power as it develops in the glass, becoming a robust exploration of rhubarb and cranberry. The texture on the palate is velvety and moderately rich, dotted in sultry spice."	Roberts Road Vineyard	88	48	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sean Minor 2015 Roberts Road Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sean Minor
US	"Santa Maria Valley's terroir shines through in this Chardonnay's brisk, mouthwatering acidity and fruit purity. The bright, vibrant guava and citrus flavors are enriched with a coating of sweet, smoky oak. There's a fascinating minerality, like a lick of sandstone rocks, that boosts its complex appeal."	Nielson Vineyard	92	32	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Byron 2010 Nielson Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Byron
Germany	"Zesty lime and fresh green herbs abound in this leaner, steelier expression of dry Riesling. Tart tangerine and orange flavors are concentrated but crisp, edged in cool, stony minerals. Drink now through 2021."	1735	90	20	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Villa Huesgen 2016 1735 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Villa Huesgen
US	"Showing excellent concentration and structure, this sharply etched wine sets vivid fruit flavors of raspberries and pie cherries against buoyant acidity. The focus is excellent, right on through a crisp finish."		90	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mercer 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mercer
France	"The wine is closed, but has potential. At the moment, the wood and texture dominate, but there are signs of ripe apple and pear fruits that will come through in a few months. Wait until the end of 2014."	Vieilles Vignes	86	20	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Collovray et Terrier 2012 Vieilles Vignes  (Saint-Véran)	Chardonnay	Collovray et Terrier
US	"Mourvèdre (45%), Grenache (31%) and Syrah (12%) make up the majority of this wine, which is fleshed out with Counoise, Grenache Blanc and Picpoul. Vibrant aromas of cracked pepper, raspberry, underbrush, dried violets, smoked meat and herb are followed by elegant yet still flavorful fruit and savory notes that show a pleasing tartness and generous mouthfeel."	Charlotte	92	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	K Vintners 2013 Charlotte Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Rhône-style Red Blend	K Vintners
US	"Lemon pith and honey-vanilla provide substance to a floral, light and lingering wine also accented in melon that's food-friendly and refreshing."		90	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Martin Ray 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Martin Ray
US	"This is the producer's highest and most westerly vineyard site. It holds back from the start, still tightly wound and somewhat reduced on the nose. As it opens, ethereal layers of wild strawberry, green tea and lacings of herb and white pepper unveil to tremendous effect."	Thomas Road	93	85	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Iron Horse 2013 Thomas Road Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Iron Horse
Italy	"Aromas of leafy underbrush, moist soil, dark berry and new leather lead the way. The firm polished palate doles out ripe morello cherry, licorice, chopped herb and a hint of coffee while youthfully assertive, fine-grained tannins provide the framework."		91	45	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fontanabianca 2013  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Fontanabianca
US	"This is a big, extracted wine, but it shows enough sophistication to warrant a place on a fine table. With ripe cherry, raspberry, red licorice and beef jerky flavors, it has good acidity for balance, and the finish is dry and spicy."		88	30	California	Anderson Valley				Expression 39 2007 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Expression 39
Spain	"Heavy white-fruit aromas have an almost “canned” quality. This is more like citrus juice than defined white wine, with hugely ripe tropical and citrus flavors culminating in creamy weight. This is 80% Godello and 20% Doña Blanca."	Godello-Doña Blanca	84	18	Northern Spain	Bierzo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Godelia 2012 Godello-Doña Blanca White (Bierzo)	White Blend	Godelia
US	"An unripe streak of mushrooms and green veggies runs right through the middle of this dry Pinot. That mars enjoyment of it, despite some black cherry and cola flavors. Drink up."	Il Migliore	85	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Portalupi 2012 Il Migliore Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Portalupi
France	"This is a fine wood-aged blend of 57% Cabernet Sauvignon with Merlot and Petit Verdot. It is darkly colored, dense and with great ripe tannins. One of several Bordeaux properties owned by the Thiénot family, this estate occupies a fine, gravel outcrop in the Pessac-Léognan region, just south of Bordeaux. Drink from 2024."		91	39	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Garde 2014  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Garde
US	"Notes of fresh herbs and melon rind lend a verdant tone to this semi-sweet, late-harvest wine. The palate is crisp with tart green apple and peach flavors, but imbued with touches of exotic orange spice and honey that linger mysteriously on the finish."	Tanzen Dame Morehouse Road Vineyard 1st Harvest	90	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bloomer Creek 2012 Tanzen Dame Morehouse Road Vineyard 1st Harvest Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Bloomer Creek
France	"Gentle notions of pear emanate from the glass. The palate is equally gentle: ripe pear fruit, balanced by lovely lemon freshness. There is an arresting interplay of residual sweetness and zesty acidity at the core. However, the full spectrum of glorious pear fruit becomes fully expressed on the incredibly long finish. This has immense depth and will hold its poise for a few years yet. Drink now through 2025."	Hengst Grand Cru	94	50	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Cave de Turckheim 2012 Hengst Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Cave de Turckheim
US	"A soft, mid-range, medium-bodied Pinot Noir from areas including the Russian River Valley and Sonoma Coast, it imparts aromas of rosemary and herbes de Provence before delving into a world of tart cherry and cranberry. The finish is smoky."		85	24	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Simi 2012 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Simi
US	"Chocolaty, this fun blend of 56% Zinfandel, 31% Petite Sirah, 12% Cabernet Sauvignon and 1% Petit Verdot hails from estate, dry-farmed vineyards. Big, mountainous tannins soften in the glass to reveal juicy notes of dark and red cherry."	Por Que No?	91	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tres Sabores 2012 Por Que No? Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Tres Sabores
Chile	"This blend of Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot opens with fiery, oaky aromas that include cherry, cassis and vanilla. The palate has a severe tartaric shear to it along with clampy tannins. High-toned flavors of raspberry and plum are propped up by blazing acidity, while the finish is herbal and peppery in taste, with a scouring feel."	Tribute Edicion Limitada Cabernet Franc-Petit Verdot	87	30	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Caliterra 2010 Tribute Edicion Limitada Cabernet Franc-Petit Verdot Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Caliterra
US	"This wine does a good job of delivering ripe cherry and plum flavors, and has a smooth, inviting texture in spite of a firm level of tannin. The flavors are mild enough to please most anyone."		85	7	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Camelot NV Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Camelot
US	"Young and vibrant, this is the winery's smaller production from a special selection of barrels. A soft, burly expression of strawberry, raspberry and ripe boysenberry, it is accentuated by generous portions of toasty oak and baking spices, a faint hint of dried herb on the finish."	Precioso	90	75	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Keller Estate 2012 Precioso Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Keller Estate
US	"Blackberry, rose petal and espresso combine for a relatively light aromatic profile in this blend of 45% Cabernet Sauvignon, 35% Cabernet Franc and 20% Merlot. A cedar flavor dominates the palate, lending structure and depth to blackberry fruit and black pepper spice."	Maquette	88	40	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sculpterra 2014 Maquette Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Sculpterra
France	"Smoky, toasty aromas set the scene for a wine that has obviously seen plenty of wood aging. At this stage, it's all spice and wood, which will probably inhibit its development. Wait until 2020."	Tradition	86	17	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Cailleteau Bergeron 2015 Tradition  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Cailleteau Bergeron
US	"Delicately floral in aroma, this soft, earthy Pinot offers blue and red berry fruit that are layered and generous on the finish. Food-friendly, it has the heft to stand up to bigger, bolder flavors on the plate or suffice as a sipping wine on its own."		89	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kobler 2009 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kobler
US	"Cherry-berry fruit, spice, a velvety texture and a long finish make for a lovely wine, soft and limpid, but with underlying power. The tannins are as light as air, but somehow substantial anyway. The framework is exceptional. You'll be smacking your lips over this beauty."		92	18	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Schug 1998 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Schug
Chile	"Grass and bell pepper aromas define the nose on this lithe white. Following the nose, the palate is tangy, angular and sharp. Lively flavors of lemon, scallion and tarragon finish long, with hard-driving acidity."	Boya	88	18	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Garces Silva 2014 Boya Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Garces Silva
South Africa	"A great wine for a reasonable price, this Chardonnay offers a poised balance of bright fruit and toasty spice on the nose, and on the palate, is both assertive and integrated. A shot of minerality keeps the oaked spice and big fruit in check. The finish has finesse and length."	Barrel Fermented	88	16	Stellenbosch			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Jardin 2007 Barrel Fermented Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Jardin
Spain	"Blackberry, clove and violet aromas make for a full and pleasant bouquet. This young RDD is tight and firm in the mouth, but not overly tannic or hard. Oak, roasted berry and spice flavors settle on a lightly woody, fairly long finish."	Tinto Roble	88	16	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Mayor 2012 Tinto Roble  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Viña Mayor
Spain	"Dusty peach, nectarine and chewing gum aromas are clean and standard. A lively palate shows bright but controlled acidity and citrusy notes. Stone-fruit and red-plum flavors finish mild. Drink this year."		86	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	El Coto 2014 Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	El Coto
Austria	"A finely constructed wine that is likely to age over many years. With its juicy currant flavors still dominated by minerality and citrus, there is some austerity. It is a complex wine showing great terroir character from the steep vineyard site."	Ried Schütt Smaragd	93	67	Wachau			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Emmerich Knoll 2006 Ried Schütt Smaragd Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Emmerich Knoll
Germany	"While richly textured and boldly perfumed with melons and tangerines, the palate of this dry Riesling is delicate and lithe. Crisp honeydew and white peach flavors are almost ethereal in their subtlety, but elegantly cast against a backdrop of striking lemon and lime."	Hochheimer Domdechaney Trocken Gold Cap	90	47	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Domdechant Werner 2013 Hochheimer Domdechaney Trocken Gold Cap Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Domdechant Werner
France	"Named after the district of Paris where the food and wine markets were located, this is an attractive, fruity wine. It has apricot, banana and spice flavors, lifted by some perfumed acidity. It is a warm style of Chardonnay that is ready to drink."		86	10	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison de la Villette 2015 Chardonnay (Vin de France)	Chardonnay	Maison de la Villette
Italy	"Romitorio di Santedame is Ruffino's top wine. It is a big, plump wine and is almost too thick and powerful in places, making it well suited to succulent cuts of red meat. But it's hard not to love its extraction, sophisticated mouthfeel and blockbuster tannins. Drink after 2010."	Romitorio di Santedame	92	70	Tuscany	Toscana				Ruffino 2004 Romitorio di Santedame Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Ruffino
Australia	"A joint venture with Champagne Devaux, the Yarrabank Cuvée is a crisp sparkling wine that combines flavors of fresh greens and citrus in a medium-bodied, slightly creamy format. Very clean and fresh, if somewhat simple."	Yarrabank Cuvée	86	28	Victoria	Victoria		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Yering Station 2003 Yarrabank Cuvée Sparkling (Victoria)	Sparkling Blend	Yering Station
Argentina	"Pencil lead and rubbery, mature berry aromas open this wine. The palate is driven by energetic, pounding tannins and flavors of black cherry and tomato, which become more prominent as the tannins and acid rebound. This is an indication of how Argentine Cabernet Sauvignon ages."	FLM Gran Reserva	89	60	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Los Maza 2004 FLM Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Finca Los Maza
US	"Overtly sweet and simple, with sugary flavors of raspberries, oranges and vanilla."	Adobe Pink	81	14	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Clayhouse 2010 Adobe Pink Rosé (Central Coast)	Rosé	Clayhouse
US	"One of Temecula's pioneering vintners, Phil Baily takes his balanced wines seriously. This bottling shows lots of damp earth, black olive, concentrated mulberry, dried herbs and cardamom on the nose. Stewed black-cherry fruit meshes with Indian spice and well-integrated tannins on the palate that is built for aging."	Estate Bottled	90	35	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Baily 2013 Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Temecula Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Baily
France	"There have been 19 (dix-neuf) generations of Mellots making wine in Sancerre; at least one of them in each generation has been named Alphonse. This wine celebrates the history and the great quality of the family's wines today. It is richly endowed with both the beautifully ripe fruit and with a sophisticated acidity and texture. Drink this very fine wine now, although, like the Mellots, it will also age."	Génération Dix-Neuf	93	75	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Alphonse Mellot 2014 Génération Dix-Neuf  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Alphonse Mellot
New Zealand	"Some struck-match aromas bring pleasant complexity to the aromas of vanilla and tangerine, then ripe citrus, smoke and vanilla take over on the palate. This is a full-bodied, fully ripe wine, without that intense pungency that marks many Marlborough Sauvignon Blancs."	The Fuder Single Vineyard Selection Dillons Point	91	55	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Giesen 2013 The Fuder Single Vineyard Selection Dillons Point Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Giesen
US	"Maison Louis Jadot's Willamette Valley project continues to bear fruit and has increased the production of this entry-level cuvée. A lovely, chunky mix of purple and black fruit, it's beautifully proportioned, with plenty of power, lacking only the depth of the older estate vines. It finishes on a lacy note of minerality."		92	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Résonance 2015 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Résonance
US	"These old vines produce a powerful wine, that retains strong flavors of stem and earth despite the extra ripeness in 2012. The red berry fruit slides into suggestions of tomato juice."	Tualatin Estate	87	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Willamette Valley Vineyards 2012 Tualatin Estate Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Willamette Valley Vineyards
US	"You almost need to lean into the glass to perceive this wine's faint citrus, candlewax and herb aromas, which show some reduction. It's equally subtle on the palate and lacks concentration."		84	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Waterbrook
US	"Hannah Nicole's Merlot is one of its better wines, tasting of red plum and vanilla-laced toasted oak, its tannins grippy, with plenty of dried herb flavors in the background. Smooth and big."		86	24	California	Contra Costa County	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Hannah Nicole Vineyards 2009 Merlot (Contra Costa County)	Merlot	Hannah Nicole Vineyards
US	"It's a proper Pinot Noir in the silky texture and cherry and cola flavors, which finish smooth and dry. Other than that, it's rustic and heavy."	Falcon's Perch	85	17	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			J. Lohr 2010 Falcon's Perch Pinot Noir (Monterey County)	Pinot Noir	J. Lohr
Australia	"This is a restrained, even delicate, Pinot Noir, with nuanced aromas of underbrush and barely ripe cherries. It's elegantly proportioned in the mouth, with a silky texture and pretty cherry fruit. At 10,000 cases produced, this should be relatively easy to find even Stateside."		88	20	Victoria	Yarra Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Sticks 2010 Pinot Noir (Yarra Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sticks
Argentina	Basic black-plum aromas are as good as it gets. This is showing too much acid and not nearly enough stuffing to support it. Scratchy pie cherry and raspberry flavors finish raw and rugged.	Pure	83	18	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trapiche 2014 Pure Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Trapiche
US	"Butter and honey make for a rich, hedonistic tone to this mildly structured white. A soft, malleable texture provides creaminess without complexity."	The Audition	87	45	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Alyris 2014 The Audition Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Alyris
France	"It's a light and fruity wine, with a delicate texture and bright acidity. Soft and crisp, it's fine for an apéritif."		85	12	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Aimé Roquesante 2014 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Aimé Roquesante
France	"This wine is full, structured and still developing, with a bitter-chocolate edge that give a sharp character. This is balanced with warmer black-fruit flavors and acidity. The wine has great potential and needs another year. It will be best from the end of 2017."	E Croce	90	36	France Other	Patrimonio		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Yves Leccia 2013 E Croce Red (Patrimonio)	Red Blend	Yves Leccia
US	"Impressive and elegant, this one leans American with its R & B name and packaging, but is rather French in profile. The black-cherry fruit is offset by a lead-pencil element reminiscent of some top Bordeaux chateaus. Angular and fairly crisp, it shows coffee accents and a fairly long finish. If it adds some weight with age, it will drink above the present rating."	Reserve	90	74	California	Napa Valley	Napa			R & B Cellars 1997 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	R & B Cellars
US	"There's a slight spritziness and ripe fruit sweetness at the core of this appealing wine. The mix of mango and papaya on the palate will show well with spicier foods or at casual get-togethers. Unfussy and well-priced, it's layered and creamy with a crisp finish."	Mat Kearney	85	15	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Verse & Chorus 2013 Mat Kearney Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Verse & Chorus
Italy	"Aromas of cedar, plum, toast, espresso and a whiff of blue flowers lead the nose of this Sangiovese blended with 15% Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. The ripe, straightforward palate offers ripe cassis, coconut, mocha and a hint of anise alongside firm, fine-grained tannins."		88	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Monastero 2012  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Castello di Monastero
Portugal	"Rounded and soft, this is a red-fruited wine. There is a strong element of spicy wood lending dryness and a cinnamon note, which goes well with the young, bright fruits and acids."	Tinto	87	20	Setubal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade da Comporta 2008 Tinto Red (Setubal)	Portuguese Red	Herdade da Comporta
US	"A nice Chardonnay that shows ripe pineapple, green apple and pear flavors, with added smoky richness from oak, and the finish is dry and crisp. A good price for a wine of this quality."		87	17	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Lake Sonoma 2009 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Lake Sonoma
US	"Showing moderate body and made in a drier style, the wine offers a hint of earthiness that's followed by pretty melon, peach, herb and citrus flavors. Crisp and clean on the finish, with a toasty, fruity hint at the end. More complex than   many of the local Rieslings."		87	16	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Anapamu 2001 Riesling (Monterey County)	Riesling	Anapamu
France	"This is a light-colored wine with warm raspberry flavors and attractive acidity. Well balanced, it has a tangy orange-zest texture along with an herbal aftertaste. Drink this attractive wine now."	Nuit Blanche en Provence	87	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mas de Cadenet 2016 Nuit Blanche en Provence Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Mas de Cadenet
Portugal	"This rich blend of Alicante Bouschet, Touriga Nacional and Alfrocheiro is all fruit without any oak aging. That gives the wine a ripe black-fruit character, balanced with acidity and a light touch of spice. Drink this attractive wine now."	Pouca Roupa	86	12	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2016 Pouca Roupa Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
Italy	"Aromas of bread crust and summer orchard fruit meld together in the glass. On the palate, notes of dried herb and bitter almond accent mature yellow apple and citrus. Lively, refined bubbles lend finesse."	Dosage Zero	89	40	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Monogram 2011 Dosage Zero Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Monogram
US	"Brisk acidity contributes just what this jammy wine needs. The white peach, tangerine, Meyer lemon and oak flavors have a honeyed sweetness that would be cloying without that tart finish."		87	24	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Girard 2011 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Girard
Portugal	"A single-vineyard wine from property owned by the Messias family, this is structured and packed full of tannins. A chocolate and spice character partners with the red fruits and acidity. It is ready to drink."	Quinta do Cachão	87	10	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Messias 2014 Quinta do Cachão Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Messias
France	"Owner Daniel Barcelo produces a wine that is soft, fruity and with a forward crispness and red fruit flavor that is generous and fresh. It is a bright, lively and refreshing wine."		86	10	France Other	Ile de Beauté		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Barcelo 2015 Rosé (Ile de Beauté)	Rosé	Domaine Barcelo
US	"Lots of fresh apple flavors, a crisp balance and smooth mouthfeel make this light-bodied wine refreshing and fun to drink. It has some richness on the midpalate and finish, but basically keeps its lively, tangy personality going."	Fresh Crisp Clean	89	17	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Avant 2014 Fresh Crisp Clean Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Avant
US	"A solid Zin for everyday drinking. A little rough and thin, but dry and spicy, with berry, currant and teriaki flavors."		86	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			De Loach 2009 Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	De Loach
US	"This is a Cabernet Sauvignon-driven blend, with 25% Merlot and 12% Petit Verdot. Generously oaky and ripe, it offers textured layers of graphite, cigar and cedar. An exciting sideshow of spicy Mexican chocolate accents deeper, darker shocks of black cherry."	Napa Crest	92	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Yao Family Wines 2014 Napa Crest Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Yao Family Wines
Israel	"Attractive and layered with a blueberry and raspberry fruit core accented by notes of sweet spice, orange oil, ashy tobacco and a touch of dark purple florals. The gripping tannins are fine and balanced, with skin-driven fruit flavors dominating the palate and a fudgy chocolate and sweet spice note lingering on the finish."	Yiron	90	22	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Galil Mountain 2008 Yiron Red (Galilee)	Red Blend	Galil Mountain
France	"This is a ripe wine, shot through with acidity but also with softer pear and ripe apple flavors. It is tangy, made to be drunk young and fruity with a bright, celebratory aftertaste."	La Petite Marquise Brut	86	20	Loire Valley	Crémant de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cave de Saumur NV La Petite Marquise Brut Sparkling (Crémant de Loire)	Sparkling Blend	Cave de Saumur
US	"Paul Dolan is a go-to brand for moderately priced Cabernet. Aromas like fresh mint and rose petals meets full fruit and spice flavors in this dry, firmly structured and nicely balanced wine."		90	20	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Paul Dolan 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendocino County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Paul Dolan
France	This is an unfocused wine with fruit flavors that miss the mark. Only the juicy aftertaste is attractive.		82	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Chavrignac 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Chavrignac
US	"Vanilla and green wood aromas are at the fore, followed by cherry and herbs. The fruit flavors are sweet and elegant, with the oak nearly completely overriding them."	D11 Dionysus Vineyard	86	60	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Revelry 2011 D11 Dionysus Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Revelry
US	"Fruity and a little one-dimensional, this blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Chardonnay and Viognier has citrus, apple, floral, spice and honey flavors that are balanced with good acidity."	Bianco Spettro	84	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Venge 2007 Bianco Spettro White (Napa Valley)	White Blend	Venge
Italy	"This has somewhat acrid aromas of animal and farmyard, while the palate offers a very ripe plum flavor that's just short of being overripe, as well as vanilla and chocolate sensations. It finishes on a bitter note."		83	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rignana 2010  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Rignana
France	"This soft wine features attractive citrus and creamed-apple flavors. It is round, full, lightly spicy and presents an easy, immediately drinkable character."	Salamandre d'Or	86	15	Burgundy	Coteaux Bourguignons		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons des Pierres Dorées 2015 Salamandre d'Or  (Coteaux Bourguignons)	Chardonnay	Vignerons des Pierres Dorées
US	"One of a quintet of estate reserves, this stands out for its delicious mix of chocolate (barrel) and savory highlights. Purple brambly fruits abound, with streaks of coffee and brown spices. It's full flavored and drinking nicely already, with another six to eight years of solid drinking time ahead. Note: first bottle was corked."	Sarah Jane's Block Reserve	92	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coeur de Terre 2014 Sarah Jane's Block Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Coeur de Terre
Portugal	"This wine takes a new-world view of Cabernet Sauvignon—juicy, fruity and with a mouthful of black fruit and chocolate-flavored tannins. At the same time, there's a Portuguese twist in the spice, and the is structured with bold acidity and a firm, dry core. Drink from 2014."		89	12	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fiuza 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Tejo)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fiuza
US	"Thick in black peppery cinnamon, this wine offers a zig-zag of fruit and power without falling over the edge of extremity. The mix includes 5% Petite Sirah. Full bodied and big, it finishes in a taste of sweet vanilla."		87	30	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wilson 2012 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Wilson
Italy	"This 100% Syrah offers aromas of mature black currant, charred earth and a whiff of cedar. The palate delivers dried black cherries, clove, ground pepper and powdered sage alongside raspy tannins that leave a drying, astringent finish."	Marchesale	87	70	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Terre del Marchesato 2011 Marchesale Syrah (Toscana)	Syrah	Terre del Marchesato
US	"Very tight and Chablis-like in style, this bottling from Richard and Thekla Sanford shows crisp Asian pear, lemon pith, Pink Lady apple rinds, wet concrete and a touch of petrol on the nose. The palate is light and fresh, with yellow pear, nectarine and a lemon skin-led acidity, possessing all the bones to age with style."	El Jabali Vineyard	91	28	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Alma Rosa 2014 El Jabali Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Alma Rosa
US	"Fermented in stainless steel and one neutral barrel, this aromatic and compelling wine is clean, fresh and full of delicious fruit. Meyer lemon, satsuma orange and fresh pineapple are in the mix, with supporting acidity. Tasted a full day after being opened, it remained vivid and expressive."		92	20	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ledger David 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Rogue Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Ledger David
New Zealand	"The aromas feature a subtle interplay between roses, red fruit and earthier elements, with the flavors following along in a similar vein. But where this wine excels is in its texture—supremely silky—and finish, which shows excellent persistence. A complex and elegant expression of North Island Pinot Noir."	Block B	91	50	Wairarapa			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Schubert 2004 Block B Pinot Noir (Wairarapa)	Pinot Noir	Schubert
US	"A good followup to last year's bottling, Cobblestone's '06 Chard hails from the Arroyo Seco, known for crisp, ripe, elegant white wines. It brims with pineapple, peach, tangerine, mineral, buttered toast and vanilla spice flavors."		89	29	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Cobblestone 2006 Chardonnay (Arroyo Seco)	Chardonnay	Cobblestone
US	"Wild strawberry, cardamom and clove vie for attention around boysenberry and blueberry ripeness. Intense oak dominates at first, before bowing down to the layers of soft violet and rose. Let this wine open or cellar it away until 2019."	Pratt Vineyard	90	49	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	MacPhail 2012 Pratt Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	MacPhail
Spain	"Dusty, leesy aromas of apple and vanilla are sturdy. This brut Cava is fresh and modestly elegant on the palate, with lime, apple and tarragon flavors. A dry, confident finish offers apple and citrus flavors and a sense of ease."	Brut Reserva	89	17	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bohigas NV Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Bohigas
France	"A yeasty character masks the fresh fruitiness. Underneath the bready notes, grapefruit and other attractive citrus flavors are waiting to get out. Wait until 2015 to see if the wine improves."	Cuvée Les Caillottes	85	25	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Max Roger 2012 Cuvée Les Caillottes  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Jean-Max Roger
Italy	"This wine starts off with intense aromas of blackberry, sandalwood, vanilla and oak. The palate boasts a ripe plum flavor, along with spicy pepper and cinnamon accents. It has ample freshness as well as brooding tannins and depth. Hold this for a few more years for additional complexities to develop."		91	40	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cottini 2009  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	Cottini
New Zealand	"Alan Limmer of Stonecroft was the first modern grower of Syrah in New Zealand, planting his first vines in 1984. While the winery has changed hands, it's still a good source for Syrah. This bottling is appropriately smoky and peppery, with hints of bacon fat and blueberries, and a lingering, softly dusty finish."	Crofters Gimblett Gravels	89	23	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Stonecroft 2014 Crofters Gimblett Gravels Syrah (Hawke's Bay)	Syrah	Stonecroft
US	"This bottling, which is heavily bolstered by a 22% addition of Petite Sirah, shows aromas of chocolate, blueberry and fresh violets, with a leathery backbone. It's lavish and soft on the palate, rich with fudge and espresso notes and ripe with blueberry sauce."	Kane Teague Vineyards	88	30	California	San Benito County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Myka 2012 Kane Teague Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon (San Benito County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Myka
US	"This brings substantial density to the midpalate, mixing fresh flavors of strawberry, cherry cola and malted chocolate. It gains focus and grip as it breathes open. A slim frame of stem and earth sets up the finish."		88	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Joleté 2012 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Joleté
France	"This is dry and cedary upfront, with decent raspberry fruit emerging on the palate. It's medium bodied and lacks the richness and expansiveness of many 2009 Rhônes, but still offers a solid if somewhat oaky drinking experience."	Rasteau Le Cancarot	86	29	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône Villages		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Les Vins de Vienne 2009 Rasteau Le Cancarot Red (Côtes du Rhône Villages)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Les Vins de Vienne
US	"This is the winery's best Cabernet Sauvignon in years. It has classic black currant flavor, enhanced by smoky oak, and feels distinguished in the mouth. It's young, but should begin to mellow and show its stuff by 2017."		90	51	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Rutherford Hill 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rutherford Hill
US	"Eucalyptus, Bay laurel and other herbal aromas dominate the nose of this wine, making way for black tea and cola flavors. Full-bodied and robustly ripe with powerful tannin, it's ultimately earthy and complex."	Pratt Vineyard Sexton Road	90	55	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Siduri 2015 Pratt Vineyard Sexton Road Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
US	"Brambly red berry and sour cherry notes are fleshy and ripe in this brawny, full-bodied Bordeaux-style blend. It's unabashedly primary in style with soft, plushy texture. Finishes with a bit of heat."	Prima Rossa	85	35	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Sannino 2010 Prima Rossa Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Sannino
US	"Fermented and aged in stainless steel and neutral French oak, this wine shows a citrus-like complexion of tangy acidity and taste of wet stone. Full-bodied, it's layered and relatively dense."		88	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mira 2014 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Mira
US	This attractively priced wine has nice acidity and subtle flavors of pear and lemon. A pronounced swaddling in oak reveals itself on the nose and mid-palate. Enjoy it with food on the richer side.	Estate Grown	86	15	California	Clarksburg	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	LangeTwins 2012 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Clarksburg)	Chardonnay	LangeTwins
US	"Mainly Chardonnay, with the rest Pinot Noir, this brut is forward in oranges, vanilla and yeast, with hints of raspberries. The finish clearly shows the sugary dosage. Seems like it wants time in the bottle to let all the parts knit, so give it until 2018 to see what it's doing."	Jones Vineyards Brut	90	70	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Schramsberg 2008 Jones Vineyards Brut Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Schramsberg
France	"Despite its recent vintage, this is a wine that is already tasting mature. The palate is layered with secondary flavors touched with floral perfume, intense acidity and a dry aftertaste. It's not for aging, so enjoy now."		86	19	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Allimant-Laugner 2011 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Allimant-Laugner
US	"There is much to enjoy in this vineyard-designate, from grippy tannins to dark, brooding black fruit. Burly, it also tends toward barbecue smoke and cigar, a dense wine of great power and alcohol, aged entirely in new French oak."	Bartolucci Vineyard	88	90	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Honig 2012 Bartolucci Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Honig
US	"Tastes sharp in acidity and frankly sweet, with sugary blackberry and cherry jam flavors that finish in a swirl of baking spices. The blend is Syrah, Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petite Sirah."	Cruvée Lot III	86	36	California	California	California Other			Cinnabar NV Cruvée Lot III Red (California)	Red Blend	Cinnabar
Italy	"Coniale is a pure expression of Cabernet Sauvignon, bearing classy Tuscan characteristics of blackberry, dried Mediterranean brush, rosemary, chocolate, leather and tobacco, with a touch of black olive in the background. The mouthfeel is rich, persistent and soft."	Coniale	92	45	Tuscany	Toscana				Castellare di Castellina 2007 Coniale Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castellare di Castellina
Italy	"La Segreta (an easy Grecanico-based wine with some Chardonnay, Viognier and Fiano) is an immensely popular restaurant wine in Italy and for good reason: It's fresh and balanced with a no-fuss approach and an attractive price tag. You'll get drying mineral tones backed by tangy peach and pear."	La Segreta	87	16	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Planeta 2007 La Segreta White (Sicilia)	White Blend	Planeta
US	"A unique blend of Syrah, Barbera, Malbec, Petit Verdot and Mourvèdre all aged in neutral oak, it's a straightforward, easy drinker with sweet notes of plum, cracked pepper and tire rubber."	Horsepower Proprietary	85	16	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	McKinley Springs 2009 Horsepower Proprietary Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	McKinley Springs
US	"This is a big wine in structure, but mellow and complex in flavor as if it's been well aged. Blended from Grenache, Tempranillo and Monastrell, it smells lightly sweet and tastes dry and inviting like vanilla, milk chocolate and raspberries."	The Mix	87	16	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Irwin Family Vineyards 2013 The Mix Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Irwin Family Vineyards
Italy	This blend of Sangiovese and Canaiolo is enhanced with a small percentage of Merlot. That addition heightens the wine's softness and renders a richer mouthfeel.		85	10	Tuscany	Chianti				Straccali 2010  Chianti	Sangiovese	Straccali
US	"This recent addition to the lineup at DeLille blends Cabernet from Klipsun, Ciel du Cheval, Grand Ciel and Upchurch vineyards. It's a fine effort, structured like the scaffolding on a high-rise building, narrow and vertical, with a spine of steel and a core of cassis. Firm acidity completes the picture."	Four Flags	91	65	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	DeLille 2011 Four Flags Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	DeLille
Chile	"Leathery aromas of roasted black fruits show on the nose. Solid in feel, cherry, raspberry and a kick of salt house a medium-bodied palate."	Reserva Estate Bottled	85	15	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luma Chequén 2012 Reserva Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Maule Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Luma Chequén
South Africa	"This wine has a direct and approachable feel, with bright, fruity aromas and flavors of black berry, cherry, fig and currant alongside accents of toasty vanilla and cocoa. It's medium weight and well balanced, with a solid structure and an enduring finish."	Optima	89	35	Franschhoek			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Anthonij Rupert 2009 Optima Red (Franschhoek)	Red Blend	Anthonij Rupert
Spain	"This is toasty, full and cidery on the nose, with matchstick harshness in the background. The mouth is full and round, while flavors of apple and spice carry a yeasty heaviness. On the finish, things taste dry and don't evolve."	Brut Reserva	86	16	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mont Marçal 2009 Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Mont Marçal
Israel	"The color of slightly faded garnet, this wine has a bouquet of cassis and green pepper. Chalky tannins create a backdrop for flavors of tart cherry, lingonberry, bell pepper and petrol that make promises to the taste buds but fall short of delivering."	Reserve	86	40	Judean Hills			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Titora 2010 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Judean Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Titora
US	"Tight-grained tannin wraps around dark, brooding swathes of black cherry, blackberry and cinnamon; dustings of dark chocolate and graham cracker weaving their way underneath. Strong herbal components balance the fruit and complexity, brightened by dashes of fresh citrus and herb."	Eastside Road Neighbors	94	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Williams Selyem 2013 Eastside Road Neighbors Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
France	"Made from low-yielding, 70-year-old vines, this is a dense wine with an almost-dark structure and ripe red-plum flavors. Powerful, it obviously will be better with food and could even benefit from decanting before drinking. Age this concentrated wine until late 2016."	Clos du Château	92	21	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Clos Gautier 2015 Clos du Château Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine du Clos Gautier
Portugal	"The tannins are firm, still controlling the black fruits in this wine. It is concentrated, with considerable extraction giving a dry wine with a hard edge. The red-berry flavors are lost."	Premium	84	33	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Padrela 2013 Premium Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta da Padrela
Germany	"This is a rare chance to experience quality, aged Riesling at an exceptionally low price. Glimmers of apple, peach and pear still peek through, but it's more a showcase of tertiary complexities of mineral and earth. A fine, filigreed structure of acidity and sweetness remains firmly entact. Drink now through 2019."	Kaseler Dominikanerberg Spätlese	90	27	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		C. von Nell-Breuning 1995 Kaseler Dominikanerberg Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	C. von Nell-Breuning
Portugal	"This is a rich wine dominated by ripe Alicante Bouschet that gives some firm tannins as well as juicy red berry fruits. It is ripe, well balanced and likely to age well over the next few years. Drink from 2017."	Bátoreus Selection	88	16	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Terra Silvestre 2014 Bátoreus Selection Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Terra Silvestre
US	"This is a large-production Sauvignon Blanc that tastes delicious. If you like grapefruit and pomelo flavors, you will love this enticingly priced white that's got razor sharp acidity, a touch of New Zealand-like grass and a long finish."		88	10	California	California	California Other	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pomelo 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Pomelo
France	"Smoky aromas and wood flavors are still dominant in this wine even after five years. It does have some concentration and red-berry fruits, although the structure and the tannins are still firm. The wine should age further to allow the fruit to mature and shine. Drink from 2019."	Collection	91	255	Burgundy	Clos de Vougeot		Roger Voss	@vossroger	L. Tramier & Fils 2010 Collection  (Clos de Vougeot)	Pinot Noir	L. Tramier & Fils
US	"A blend of Grenache, Syrah and Malbec, this lightly colored wine offers aromas of wild strawberries, coffee, tobacco and incense, showing pleasing purity and nuance. It's light yet palate coating, possessing a mesmerizing texture along with an assortment of fruit and savory flavors."	The Bard	92	30	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Bunchgrass 2012 The Bard Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Bunchgrass
Italy	"A blend of grapes including traditional Corvina and Rondinella undergoes air-drying for extra-rich concentration and intensity. That, with careful oak aging, has shaped a richly textured, dense wine that would pair with game meat or bean soup with smoked bacon. It shows raw, slightly chewy tannins on the close."	Palazzo della Torre	88	20	Veneto	Veronese				Allegrini 2007 Palazzo della Torre Red (Veronese)	Red Blend	Allegrini
France	"Both dried and baked apple appear enticingly on the nose. A further sniff reveals the appetizing tartness of Cox Orange Pippin apples. The palate is concentrated and gathered around a rich core of fruit: ripe citrus, zesty lemon rind, baked apples. This is dry, yet with every sip you want to dive deeper into that heart of fruit. It is the lemon that forms the fresh but absolutely dry finish. The flavors clearly are evolving: join the journey now or over the coming years. Drink now through 2030."	Comtes d'Eguisheim	93	63	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Leon Beyer 2010 Comtes d'Eguisheim Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Leon Beyer
Austria	"The 16 months wood aging has smoothed the wrinkles in this wine, giving solid tannins, a dry core and red cherry and wild strawberry flavors. It is a fine performance, dense but not losing sight of the varietal character."	Grillenhügel	90	43	Thermenregion			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Johanneshof Reinisch 2007 Grillenhügel Pinot Noir (Thermenregion)	Pinot Noir	Johanneshof Reinisch
Argentina	"Loamy, ripe berry aromas come with leather and raisiny notes. This blend of five grapes is heavy, tannic and weighty, but not overtly out of balance. Stewed berry and raisiny flavors are as ripe as they can get and still stay somewhat fresh, while the finish is raisiny. Overall this is a one-dimensional, fully ripe wine."	Reserva	88	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Durigutti 2012 Reserva Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Durigutti
US	"Aromatically this wine is not yet entirely ready to reveal its charms, with reserved notes of mineral, smoked meat, olive brine, fire pit, peat and crushed flowers. The generous earth and savory flavors feel rich and full, leading to a lengthy finish."	En Chamberlain Vineyard	95	75	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cayuse 2012 En Chamberlain Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Cayuse
New Zealand	"As all the Icon Pinot Noirs have over the years, this one shows a fair amount of oak: cinnamon, toast and vanilla all mark the nose. But this medium-bodied wine also shows layers of soft, supple fruit underneath. Give it another year to integrate, then drink it over the next 3–4."	Icon	89	22	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	House of Nobilo 2007 Icon Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	House of Nobilo
US	"Organically grown and selected from a mix of specific vineyard blocks, Rex Hill's reserve is rather light in 2007, with tannins that are a bit out of proportion to the fruit. It's a carefully controlled effort, but thin and dilute, with strawberry/watermelon fruit and some tomato leaf creeping into the finish."	Reserve	87	42	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rex Hill 2007 Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Rex Hill
US	"Aromatically reminiscent of creme brûlée, this delightful Mendocino-grown wine, made from organically grown grapes, is crisp, clean and bright with grapefruit flavor. Textured, and with some flesh to its bones, it should pair especially well with wintertime shellfish."		89	16	California	Potter Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	McFadden 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Potter Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	McFadden
US	"This young wine seems to be just coming out of bottle shock, and initially the flavors pull up short. It's showing strawberry and red plum with a bit of milk chocolate, sourced from Whistling Ridge, Durant and Bishop Creek vineyards. Just 10% saw new French oak. Give this elegant wine another year or so to smooth out, and drink 2017 through 2020."		90	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Goodfellow 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Goodfellow
US	"Union Wine Company, which now owns Amity, makes a number of good-value, well-structured Pinots. Add this one to the list. Aged 11 months in 15% new French oak, it's pleasingly fruity (raspberry and cherry) but doesn't stop there. The touch of barrel-aging adds coffee and caramel highlights."		88	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amity 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Amity
Italy	"This full-bodied red opens with aromas of mature plum, hay, underbrush and scorched earth. The ripe, juicy palate doles out layers of black cherry, strawberry, tobacco and cinnamon alongside chewy tannins. It's already enjoyable but will also age well for several years. Enjoy through 2019."	Tradizionale	90	60	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lunadoro 2011 Tradizionale  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Lunadoro
US	"Give this lush young wine a year or two to come around. That should give all the elements time to meld. It's a juicy, ripe wine, bursting with jammy cherry and cassis flavors, with a strong note of white pepper and clove that dissolves into a tannic finish."	Las Madres Vineyard	88	35	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Eno 2005 Las Madres Vineyard Syrah (Carneros)	Syrah	Eno
France	"This bright-pink medium-sweet wine is crisp, bright and with a clean soft texture. Light, lively and with an easy line in wild strawberry flavors, the wine is immediately ready to drink."		86	14	Loire Valley	Rosé d'Anjou		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Petit Clocher 2016  Rosé d'Anjou	Rosé	Domaine du Petit Clocher
US	"This is an unusual commingling of mostly Rhone varieties, a mix of 75% Viognier, 12% Roussanne and 12% Marsanne, with the addition of 3% Sémillon. Honeycomb and Nilla wafer rise from the nose before a medium-bodied swirl of sour lemon, grapefruit and yuzu give it tartness on the finish."	The Tower	88	22	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Martin Ray 2014 The Tower White (Dry Creek Valley)	White Blend	Martin Ray
France	"This is a floral wine that combines structure, firm acidity and intensely ripe fruit. Flavors of green fruit, citrus, toast and some smoke give complexity to this concentrated, full-bodied effort."	Les Combettes Premier Cru	92	87	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vincent Girardin 2010 Les Combettes Premier Cru  (Puligny-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Domaine Vincent Girardin
Argentina	"This is Chardonnay with small amounts of Pinot Grigio and Viognier. The nose is nutty, oily and low on fruit. In the mouth, it's racy and citrusy in character. Flavors of orange, papaya and passion fruit are basic, while the finish is fresh and juicy, with tart flavors."	Amado Sur Chardonnay-Pinot Grigio-Viognier	85	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trivento 2013 Amado Sur Chardonnay-Pinot Grigio-Viognier White (Mendoza)	White Blend	Trivento
US	This behemoth of a wine grabs your attention with its deep color and late harvest aromas then coats the palate with superripe cherry and baking spice flavors. It comes across as Port-like despite its dryness and very firm tannins. Best after 2022.	Estate	87	52	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Las Positas 2013 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Livermore Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Las Positas
Italy	"This ripe, easygoing red offers fruity yet fleeting aromas and flavors of fleshy black cherry and baked plum. It's made to be drunk young so enjoy now."		85	16	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Petriolo 2012  Chianti	Red Blend	Fattoria Petriolo
US	"There is an earthy side to this otherwise fruity, smooth, medium-bodied wine. It tastes quite ripe, slightly sweet, with low tannins and not much acidity. Blended from Merlot, Zinfandel and Petite Sirah."	Obsession	83	15	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Ironstone 2011 Obsession Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Ironstone
France	"An attractive, fruity wine full of black currants and acidity. The tannins are still dry and need to soften a little before the wine is ready to drink. It does have all the bright character of this early developing vintage. Drink from 2017."		87	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Terre Blanque 2014  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Terre Blanque
US	"Lush and ripe with the aroma of honey-kissed apples and spice, the Tanzen Dame is a uniquely contemplative sip. Off-dry in style with super concentrated flavors of honey, orange peel and marmalade, it's a darker, spicier expression of Finger Lakes Riesling worth exploring."	Tanzen Dame Auten Vineyard First Harvest	85	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bloomer Creek 2009 Tanzen Dame Auten Vineyard First Harvest Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Bloomer Creek
France	"One of Bordeaux's more memorable labels (orange nymphs supporting a picture of the chateau), Saransot-Dupré is one of a number of chateaus in Listrac with the Dupré suffix. This is a solid wine, chunky in a typical way for the appellation with plenty of black fruits and balanced tannins. Drink from 2017."		87	25	Bordeaux	Listrac-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saransot-Dupré 2012  Listrac-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Saransot-Dupré
US	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Petite Sirah, this has firm tannins and ripe, forward flavors of blackberries, currants and oak. Already throwing some sediment, it will continue to soften and mellow over the next 5–6 years."	Rockstar	88	28	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Chateau Lettau 2007 Rockstar Red (Monterey County)	Red Blend	Chateau Lettau
US	"Classic Dry Creek Zin, tannic and filled with briary, brambly wild berry, currant, anise, leather, peppercorn and sandalwood flavors. Brings elegance to Zin's rustic personality. Great upscale barbecue wine, or try with a chicken or beef stew."		88	22	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Quivira 2010 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Quivira
France	"This textured wine is tight with layers of nervy acidity. It is crisp, with good amounts of acidity and flavors of red currants that add extra freshness."	Arbaude	87	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mas de Cadenet 2014 Arbaude Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Mas de Cadenet
US	"Friendly, appealing flavors fo pear, lychee, apple and spice give this Riesling a fun character. Fresh with a touch of sweetness, the wine is balanced by its acid and offers a pretty, lingering finish."	Reserve	84	12	Ohio	Grand River Valley		Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Debonné 2008 Reserve Riesling (Grand River Valley)	Riesling	Debonné
France	"This light wine offers attractive black currant fruitiness. Burnt tannins from the wood aging give it a bitter edge, although the aftertaste does bring back the freshness of the vintage."	Sélection	85	15	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Le Prieuré de Bellegarde 2011 Sélection  (Côtes de Bourg)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Le Prieuré de Bellegarde
US	"Made in the modern cult style, this 100% varietal Cabernet is soft and lush. While it's technically dry, it tastes sweet, the result of ripe fruit, high alcohol and lots of charry new oak. Shows oodles of chocolate, black currant and plum flavors that end in a swirl of Asian spices. Now through 2012."	The Rocks	91	60	California	St. Helena	Napa			Rockledge Vineyards 2005 The Rocks Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rockledge Vineyards
France	"The citrus notes on the nose are subdued. On the palate, they strike up and portray tangerine and lemon on the slender, dry and fresh body. The finish almost has a tropical quality."	Signature	89	13	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Robert Klingenfus 2016 Signature Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Robert Klingenfus
Australia	"A good value in easy-to-drink Cabernet, McWilliam's 2008 is plummy and chocolaty, with soft tannins and a velvety finish. A bit simple perhaps, but definitely satisfying. Drink now."		87	11	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	McWilliam's Hanwood Estate 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (South Eastern Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	McWilliam's Hanwood Estate
US	"With a soft, velvety mouthfeel, this bi-county Cabernet offers lush blackberry, blueberry, chocolate and spice flavors that are gently touched by smoky oak. This earns extra points for elegance and sipability."		87	13	California	Napa County-Lake County	North Coast			Jade Mountain 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa County-Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jade Mountain
Austria	This is a rich and complex wine that shows spiced pear and a tense structure. It is very aromatic and fresh while also rich and concentrated. A powerful statement of the fruit and minerality of the Wachau and definitely for long-term aging. Don't drink before 2016.	Loibner Steinertal Smaragd	95	68	Wachau			Roger Voss	@vossroger	F X Pichler 2012 Loibner Steinertal Smaragd Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	F X Pichler
US	"Lots of lush blackberry, chocolate and anise flavors in this softly textured blend of Syrah and several other varieties. You'll find some compromising notes of green mint and pepper that accentuate the tannins."	Fusion	84	18	California	Lodi	Central Valley			Borra 2006 Fusion Red (Lodi)	Red Blend	Borra
Chile	"Aromas of orange, scallion and match stick are a bit sulfuric. This feels simple, lemony and juicy, while monotone white pineapple and lemon-lime flavors finish zesty and cleansing."	Special Release Reserva	86	11	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2015 Special Release Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Aresti
Spain	"Floral and fresh, with a supercharged personality and plenty of sugary sweetness. On the plus side, it's racy and lithe, and that's despite being as candied as it is. But ask yourself, what's not to like about lemon-lime and apple? And when there's smoothness and palate feel thrown in, you wind up with a warm-weather winner."	Marques de Alella Clasico	88	10	Catalonia	Alella		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Parxet 2002 Marques de Alella Clasico White (Alella)	White Blend	Parxet
US	"Hyde has figured into the producer's sparkling wine production for years, but this marks Davies' first release of still Pinot Noir from the stellar site. It opens with tangy acidity and a bite of tropical citrus along with black tea before unveiling substantial underlying tannins and plenty of contained power. A ripe trace of cherry and raspberry lurks along the background, peaking on the finish."	Hyde Vineyards	91	55	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Davies 2013 Hyde Vineyards Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Davies
US	"With bright, zesty acidity, this Sauvignon Blanc is clean and vibrant in orange, pineapple, lime and gooseberry flavors. If only it finished drier, it would be superb."		87	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Cakebread 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cakebread
US	"Sourced from the 3 Starrs Vineyard planted to the Wente clone, this white is lovely. A generous presence of oak and power evolves in the glass to offer a more balanced expression of Gravenstein apple, fig and tangerine. Lengthy, it impresses in its gravelly texture of crushed stone."		91	42	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lombardi 2015 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Lombardi
US	"Great depth and intensity are the hallmarks of this muscular, intense Cabernet. The mix of fruits, the overall balance, and the beautifully silky tannins are exceptional."		94	42	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gramercy 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gramercy
US	"This is an easy to drink Chardonnay made for drinking now. It's forward in buttered toast, honey, pineapple jam and butterscotch flavors."	Bar Lazy S Ranch	89	45	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Foley 2010 Bar Lazy S Ranch Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Foley
France	"Possibly too rich, this is a full, sumptuous wine. It has great weight, density, a smooth, wood-aged character that shows through the sweet plums. For what it is, a very rich wine that shows some pepper alcohol—it offers a juicy character and ageability. Drink from 2016."		86	15	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Canteloup 2010  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Canteloup
France	"The Burgundy-based producer has made a fresh, cherry-flavored wine that is identifiably Pinot Noir. It has soft tannins and a dry core, yet is dominated by red fruit and acidity on the finish. Drink now."		87	10	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Patriarche Père et Fils 2015 Pinot Noir (Vin de France)	Pinot Noir	Patriarche Père et Fils
US	"A strong, oaky Chardonnay. Lacks subtlety and interest, but if you're looking for sheer power, it's for you. Shows pineapple jam, buttered toast and caramel flavors."		86	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kuleto Estate 2009 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Kuleto Estate
US	"Toasty scents from having aged in 40% new French oak waft over the tart raspberry fruit. This is a very clean, focused, well-defined Syrah. It's not too big, but crisp and classy, with some aging potential over the next 6–8 years."		89	21	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Two Vintners 2009 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Two Vintners
Italy	"Here's a straightforward red that offers aromas of underbrush, scorched earth and mature black-skinned fruit. The simple palate offers crushed black cherry, coffee and a hint of anise alongside polished, not very persistent tannins."		87	14	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Casalbosco 2011  Chianti	Red Blend	Fattoria di Casalbosco
US	"Aged in a combination of French, American and Hungarian oak for 14 months, Hazlitt's Cabernet balances ripe, rich blackberry flavor with toasty hints of graham cracker and soft velvety tannins that coat the palate. Crisp yet concentrated, it finishes long with soft notes of dried herbs."		89	24	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hazlitt 1852 Vineyards 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hazlitt 1852 Vineyards
US	"A taste of charcuterie gives this Syrah a meaty, sweetish mid-palate, but it manages to finish dry, with a scour of coastal acidity. The famously pure Edna Valley fruit shows up as classic blackberries, spicy and tangy, while the tannins are significant. Give the wine until 2017–2018 to try to resolve its internal difficulties."	Jespersen Ranch	88	35	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Peloton 2011 Jespersen Ranch Syrah (Edna Valley)	Syrah	Peloton
US	"Supple, almost silky in the mouth, this slips into lush flavors of mocha truffle, with a core of raspberry fruit. It remains a bit tight through the finish, with light streaks of coffee and fresh herb. Delicious already, it seems destined to improve further with a bit more bottle age. Drink now through 2025."	Reserve	92	58	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rex Hill 2014 Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Rex Hill
Austria	"A touch of ripe yellow apple plays on the nose and carries appetizingly onto the palate. The body is light, adding a lemony streak of freshness to the apple fruit while creamy fizz disperses these flavors across the wine. Subtle autolytic notes suggest lemony sponge cake. It finishes dry."	Brut Reserve	92	48	Niederösterreich			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Malat 2013 Brut Reserve Sparkling (Niederösterreich)	Sparkling Blend	Malat
US	"A 100% varietal wine, this has a biscuit-like, baked-bread quality to it, with a sweetness of tannin that threatens to overwhelm. The full body lacks in complexity and acidity."		84	45	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	29 & Oak Wines 2014 Zinfandel (Oakville)	Zinfandel	29 & Oak Wines
Germany	"Spine tingling acidity marks this approachably forward, fruity Riesling. Medium sweet in style, it offers ample white grapefruit and tangerine flavors off set by hints of earth, lime zest and herb. Drink now."	Piesporter Michelsberg Spätlese	89	14	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Leonard Kreusch 2016 Piesporter Michelsberg Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Leonard Kreusch
US	"There is plenty of color and extract in this tannic wine. Blackberry fruit is at the core, and though aged in one third new oak, it is not evident in the flavors. A balanced and beautifully proportioned wine, which accurately captures the AVA's strengths."	H3	89	15	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2007 H3 Merlot (Horse Heaven Hills)	Merlot	Columbia Crest
US	"A stupendous Pinot Noir, showing how beautifully this vineyard performs in the remote Sonoma Coast above Fort Ross. Williams Selyem's last few vintages of Precious Mountain have been extraordinary, but this 2009 tops them all. The wine is as light as a feather in the mouth, modest in alcohol and delicately feminine, like pure satin. However, few Pinot Noirs in the world achieve this level of concentration. Wild raspberries and cherries, cola, sleek minerals, dusty baking spices and smoky oak combine for flavors that are utterly delicious. After all that, it possesses an indefinable attribute of fascination. Will age well for a long time, if you can keep your hands off it. Now–2021."	Precious Mountain Vineyard	99	94	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2009 Precious Mountain Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
France	"Notes of peel and flesh of Bosc pear pervade nose and palate, there is a core of earthy ripeness but the palate gives the impression of ginger-spiced freshness, tempered by earth. Rounded and beautiful."	Osterberg Grand Cru	89	43	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Sipp Mack 2014 Osterberg Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Sipp Mack
France	"A fruity, tank-aged wine that has spice, stalky black-currant fruit and some dry tannins. It is juicy and lightly perfumed with plenty of acidity to keep it crisp. It takes its name from the beehive shaped wells (puit) typical of the north of the Gironde. Drink from 2018."	Cuvée Croizet	87	16	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Vieux Puit 2014 Cuvée Croizet  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château du Vieux Puit
US	"Plump Asian pear and sea salt aromas accompany lighter hints of butterscortch and marshmallow in this barrel blend from William Foley's estate in the heart of the Sta. Rita Hills. There is a textural pull to the palate, while Gala apple, sea salt and marzipan flavors provide richness."	Barrel Select	91	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foley 2014 Barrel Select Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Foley
Italy	"This opens with subdued aromas of black-skinned berry and a whiff of baking spice. The straightforward palate delivers black plum, clove and leather alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon."		87	15	Central Italy	Romagna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Podere La Berta 2015 Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Podere La Berta
Portugal	"Full and round, this is a ripe blackberry-flavored wine. It has a touch of licorice, followed by juicy fruitiness and some acidity. The aftertaste, with its flavors of wood aging, suggests it could mature through 2015."	Samora Tinto	85	12	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2012 Samora Tinto Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
France	"A young wine, with crisp apple and grapefruit salad freshness. It is bright, glowing with vibrant fruit and a light touch of toast."		87	18	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Chalet Pouilly 2008  Saint-Véran	Chardonnay	Domaine du Chalet Pouilly
US	"Juicy black fruit, tobacco, tar and leather notes provide a muscular edge to this medium-bodied wine, which is shy on fruit flavor but bold with structure and complex, gravelly, dusty tannin."	Reserve	90	65	California	Calistoga	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Summers 2013 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Calistoga)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Summers
Italy	"Structured and elegant, this opens with aromas of blue flower, tilled earth, leather and a balsamic note. The multifaceted palate delivers wild cherry, raspberry, orange peel, menthol and cinnamon, while youthfully austere but fine tannins provide support. It already shows nice depth but hold for complexity. Drink 2016–2025."	Il Puro Gran Selezione	93	150	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Volpaia 2010 Il Puro Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Volpaia
Argentina	"Leathery aromas blend well with concentrated black-fruit scents. In the mouth, this value-priced Malbec offers juicy purity and plenty of spunk. Flavors of black fruits, licorice and chocolate maintain a sense of freshness, while the finish offers residual blackberry and cassis flavors."	Portillo Estate Bottled	88	10	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salentein 2012 Portillo Estate Bottled Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Salentein
US	"Espresso, dark chocolate, herb and purple fruit aromas lead to a soft, smooth palate in this wine. Fruit and barrel notes play equal parts, yet it comes up short on the finish."		90	23	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Novelty Hill 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Novelty Hill
US	"Pear and nectarine flesh are cut by a quince, Gala apple and slightest touches of guava and mango on the chalky nose of this wine. It's refreshingly light on the palate, with sliced pear and squeezed lime notes, bound by a very grippy texture."	McGinley Vineyard Homage Collection	89	22	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2014 McGinley Vineyard Homage Collection Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Zaca Mesa
Spain	"Peachy, crisp aromas are mild but standard. It feels puckery and tight, with some spritz. Flavors of tangerine, orange and lemon are tangy but not sour, while the finish is long and chalky in feel. Drink immediately."		86	20	Northern Spain	Getariako Txakolina		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Arregi 2011 White (Getariako Txakolina)	White Blend	Arregi
US	"A solid Chardonnay, made in the popular style. It delivers the expected flavors of tropical fruits and peaches, buttered toast, cream and smoky oak, in a one-dimensional way."		84	15	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Greg Norman Estates 2011 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Greg Norman Estates
US	"Blue fruit stars in this juicily exuberant wine that shows upfront citrus, red cherry and a spark of campfire-like smoke. Its bristling acidity is balanced in a core of backbone-building tannin that gives it weight and depth."		89	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	White Oak 2013 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	White Oak
US	"This wine is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (62%), Cabernet Franc (30%) and Petit Verdot. Aromas of coffee, dried herbs, green pepper and smoke are followed by creamy-feeling cherry and café au lait flavors. It brings a whole lot of appeal."	Triolet	91	30	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Bunchgrass 2012 Triolet Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Bunchgrass
Chile	"Wearing a heavy mantle of rather green, not-too-subtle oak, the fruit in this wine struggles to be noticed. Faintly apple, with earthy notes, it is fairly buried, and the wine lacks the life and dimension on the palate one seeks in a wine with reserve status."	Reserva	82	12	Maipo Valley					Undurraga 1998 Reserva Chardonnay (Maipo Valley)	Chardonnay	Undurraga
US	"Earthy in black tea and leathery funk, the feral aspects of this wine are entirely compelling, giving a savory edge around grippy, full-bodied texture and weight. A Pinot for Cabernet fans, it'll stand up to steak and a whole lot more, delivering tremendous value for the quality."		91	25	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Stallion 2013 Pinot Noir (Los Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Black Stallion
Israel	"This is a fresh and easy selection, with low-intensity aromas and flavors of tart gooseberry, lemon-lime citrus and soft grass. The mouthfeel is light and breezy, and the finish is clean and brisk. Drink now."		86	28	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Pelter 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Galilee)	Sauvignon Blanc	Pelter
US	"Bold and striking aromas of mushroom, seaweed and organic funk set this apart from the other Ken Wright vineyard designates. There's plenty of tart, tangy cherry fruit also, though it seems to hit a wall, perhaps due to the recent bottling. This is a wine that could score even higher with additional bottle age."	Meredith Mitchell Vineyard	91	50	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2008 Meredith Mitchell Vineyard Pinot Noir (McMinnville)	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
US	"The first release for Tranche from Blue Mountain (estate) fruit, this classic Cabernet benefits from the same extended aging in barrel and bottle that sister winery Corliss gives its wines. Toasty, smoky and precisely defined dark fruit hold down the core, a muscular mix of black cherry, cassis, dried herb and leaf. Firm and compact, with well-integrated barrel flavors (two thirds were new), this balances Euro elegance with New World vitality."	Estate	92	40	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tranche 2007 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tranche
New Zealand	"Sometimes said to be the world's most southerly vineyard—it's certainly one of the most southerly vineyards—Last Chance is also fairly elevated. It's a difficult plot to ripen, and always seems a bit lean in style compared to its stablemates. The 2015 is floral and herbal on the nose, but full of bright and crispy-crunchy red fruit on the palate, finishing tart and strident."	The Last Chance Proprietor's Reserve	88	79	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Two Paddocks 2015 The Last Chance Proprietor's Reserve Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Two Paddocks
France	"Produced from old vines, this is a beautiful wine. It has great structure, minerality and concentration along with a full-bodied richness that is developing well. Combined with the ripe yellow fruits, they give an opulent wine that will age for several years. Drink from 2018."	Vieilles Vignes	93	89	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fuissé 2013 Vieilles Vignes  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Château de Fuissé
Chile	"Undurraga's top Sauvignon hails from the premier terroir of Leyda. It smells clean and inviting, with an aromatic mix of talcum powder, lime, mango and scallion. The palate is very fresh and lively, with snappy citrus flavors that include grapefruit. Razor-clean on the finish."	T.H.	89	22	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2008 T.H. Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Undurraga
France	"Red cherries give this wine a soft open feel. It is light on structure, more about crisp acidity. Drink from 2018."	Les Sources	85	25	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Jean Faux 2015 Les Sources  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Jean Faux
US	"There's not much to this light-bodied Merlot, its soft dark cherry, vanilla and plum flavors muted and hard to make out. From a San Francisco-based vintner making wines from around the world, including Bordeaux and South Australia, it sources Merlot from both Rutherford and Oakville."		85	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wine Spots 2012 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Wine Spots
US	"From an emerging region above the Los Angeles basin, this bottling offers a familiar nose of candied blackberry and gamy lamb. The palate is bursting with acidity and shows tart black fruits."		84	25	California	Antelope Valley of the California High Desert	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Coruce 2012 Syrah (Antelope Valley of the California High Desert)	Syrah	Coruce
France	"A lean, fresh style of Bordeaux, with red fruits balancing on dry tannins and a top layer of acidity. It is almost austere, but it's rescued by the freshness of the fruit and underlying structure."		85	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Trocard 2005  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Trocard
Portugal	"Fruity and ripe, this is a spicy wine, with red cherry and berry flavors, livened by dried raisins. There is a rustic edge that puts it simply in its place, but the acidity is fine and so is the dry tannic core."	Farizoa	84	10	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Companhia das Quintas 2006 Farizoa Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Companhia das Quintas
US	"A fresh, invigorating citrus and pine flavor energizes this crisp and yet substantive wine in a way that will taste great with seafood and fresh cheeses. It shows nice concentration, fine balance and a lingering finish."	La Ribera Vineyards	91	14	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Husch 2014 La Ribera Vineyards Sauvignon Blanc (Mendocino)	Sauvignon Blanc	Husch
US	"A good red wine that does just what Merlot is supposed to do, be enjoyable now. It's softly fruity and immediately likeable, with pleasant cherry pie, blackberry, cocoa and sandalwood flavors."		87	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Peter Franus 2007 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Peter Franus
Italy	"With a swirl, this wine's enticing new leather, eucalyptus, woodland berry and herb aromas unfold in the glass. The taut and savory palate offers sour cherry, crushed strawberry, star anise and white pepper notes. Refined tannins and firm acidity provide balance while a hint of coffee signals the close. Drink 2020–2029."	Montersino	92	50	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Albino Rocca 2014 Montersino  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Albino Rocca
US	"Apple and lemon rise above the fray in this crisp and tartly fresh sparkler. Nicely integrated acidity keeps it vibrant on the palate, and lengthy on the finish, all within a lightly ripe context of deliciousness."	Blanc de Noirs	90	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fritz 2014 Blanc de Noirs Sparkling (Russian River Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Fritz
Chile	"While this smells a touch green and scratchy, there's enough berry and plum to the nose to get it going in a good way. Fresh and medium-bodied, this tastes of medicinal cherry and plum along with herbs. The finish tastes similar."	Vitral	87	13	Chile			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Maipo 2014 Vitral Cabernet Sauvignon (Chile)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viña Maipo
France	"This is the second wine of Laroze, a property situated on the plateau to the west of Saint-Émilion. This is a softly ripe and perfumed wine with 40% Cabernet Franc in the blend. It is rich, smooth and dense with black fruits and balanced acidity. Drink from 2018."	Lady Laroze	90	35	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Laroze 2012 Lady Laroze  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Laroze
US	"This wine is still young and precocious, but don't judge it too quickly. Let it air in your glass, and watch how it changes. One minute it's all cherries and smoke; the next it heaves up a great draught of currants, cocoa and cedar. It's a big wine but deceptive; the tannins are airy and lilting, there's charm and underneath, enormous complexity. It's best left alone for a few more years, but it's really very lovely now."	Private Reserve	95	100	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Beringer 1996 Private Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beringer
US	"The nose on this appellation blend is full of soft tones of ripe nectarine and pluot, though cut with walnut oil and a citrus edge. It's more pithy in flavor, showing orange bitters, dried apples and more nut oils, slightly oxidative in style."		90	70	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wedell Cellars 2012 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Wedell Cellars
US	"This wine is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (40%), Merlot (30%), Cabernet Franc (20%) and Petit Verdot. Aromas of black fruit, spice and black licorice are followed by dark-fruit flavors that bring a dazzling sense of purity and restraint. The balance is impeccable."	Camerata Cara Mia Vineyard	92	60	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cadence 2013 Camerata Cara Mia Vineyard Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cadence
US	"Fans of Sancerre will love this complex, lean and lively Sauvignon. The color is a light straw-yellow and aromas recall grapefruit and lime. Flavors of bright, tangy citrus continue on the palate, with a note of white pepper. The snappy balance and lithe texture keeps everything echoing on the finish."	The Victor's Spoils	91	17	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bodkin 2013 The Victor's Spoils Sauvignon Blanc (Lake County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bodkin
US	"Tough and gritty, this Zinfandel-based blend has brusque tannins and sweet berry, black pepper and cola flavors. Drink this lusty wine with everyday fare."	Lot 313 Field Blend	83	11	California	California	California Other			Cameron Hughes 2010 Lot 313 Field Blend Red (California)	Red Blend	Cameron Hughes
US	"Here's a smooth, polished and rewarding Cabernet Sauvignon. It shows the structure and finesse you expect from Napa Valley, and is not one of those modern fruit bombs despite rich flavors of blackberries, currants and cassis. Good now and through 2010, at least."		90	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Lionheart 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lionheart
US	"With the alcohol clocking in at 16%, the wine has a taste chili pepper, with raisin and plum notes."	Old Vine	82	28	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Puccioni 2009 Old Vine Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Puccioni
France	"Big tannins dominate this still young wine. It has spice and a dry toast character that will need to soften. With acidity and hints of red fruits that should happen, so drink this wine from 2019 when its potential should be realized."		87	20	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Les Hauts de Palette 2014  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Les Hauts de Palette
US	"The winery has had some success with this Spanish variety, but the '05 is not one of their best efforts. The wine is thinly structured and harsh in tannins, with exaggerratedly sweet cherry, cola and currant flavors."	Flamenco Rojo	82	27	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Martin & Weyrich 2005 Flamenco Rojo Tempranillo (Paso Robles)	Tempranillo	Martin & Weyrich
Chile	"Snappy, chiseled and defined by fresh grass and citrus aromas on the nose, this is textbook Casablanca SB. Flavors of tarragon, sage, lime and citrus peel finish with a lasting wave of mild pyrazinic bitterness and tangy citrus."	Single Vineyard Block No. 10 Loma Roja	90	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cono Sur 2015 Single Vineyard Block No. 10 Loma Roja Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cono Sur
Argentina	"As prices for Argentinean Malbecs climb, this is a really good value. It's earthy and full, and slightly rustic on the nose. Feels ripe and rugged, with scratchy tannins supporting red berry and oak-based vanilla notes. Feels fresh and good for a large-production Malbec."		87	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gouguenheim Winery 2009 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Gouguenheim Winery
Argentina	"Earthy, spicy, concentrated red-berry aromas give way to a full palate with spicy, oaky lead flavors and secondary red-fruit notes. Dry spice and a dusting of chocolate rise up on a simple finish."	Cuma Organic	86	14	Other	Cafayate		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Michel Torino 2013 Cuma Organic Cabernet Sauvignon (Cafayate)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Michel Torino
US	"Since planting in 1997, Bucher Vineyard has been a renowned source of Pinot Noir for exceptional local wineries. Now the Bucher family is making their own wine, with good results. The wine is dry, fresh and keen in acidity, and has considerable weight, with ripe, forward raspberry, cherry, bacon, sautéed wild mushroom and exotic spice flavors. However, it's still too young. Begin to enjoy it around 2018."		91	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Bucher 2012 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bucher
Chile	"Oceanic aromas of grass, scallion, baby garlic and lime reflect cool-coast origins. A slick, juicy mouthfeel is minerally, while this offers flavors of nettle, lime, passion fruit and green onion. A long, stony finish leans towards green flavors."		90	22	Aconcagua Costa			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Aconcagua Costa)	Sauvignon Blanc	Errazuriz
US	"Foamy, fresh and rather soft, this mouthfilling wine smells subtly like raspberries and cherries. It tastes attractively fruity and has a smooth texture."	Rosé	89	24	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Chandon NV Rosé Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Chandon
South Africa	"The dark and moody bouquet is loaded with heady black fruit, coffee, smoky leather and cigar box aromas. Unfortunately, the soft mouth offers far less of that intensity, with fading notes of cherry and plum skins. Drink now."	The Ridge	86	15	Robertson			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Graham Beck 2005 The Ridge Syrah (Robertson)	Syrah	Graham Beck
US	"The oak is strong, giving a toasty, charcoal aroma and tannic texture, and the acids and grape tannins likewise contribute to making this wine rather aloof. Underneath are good, complex cherry and raspberry flavors, with an earthy richness approaching chocolate. Seems to have all the parts in place to age. Try around 2012."	Estate Vineyard	88	70	California	Rutherford	Napa			Rutherford Ranch 2005 Estate Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rutherford Ranch
US	"Simple and straightforward, this fruity wine offers lemon/lime fruit and moderate acidity. Fine for everyday consumption, best chilled."	Proprietor's Limited Release	85	15	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mount Baker 2009 Proprietor's Limited Release Riesling (Yakima Valley)	Riesling	Mount Baker
US	"This has sweet-tasting cherry-pie and oak flavors, plus pleasant acids and soft tannins. It tastes like a cross between a warm-climate Pinot Noir and a fruity Merlot."	Bella Collina Vineyard Stiletto	85	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Chateau Lettau 2010 Bella Collina Vineyard Stiletto Tempranillo (Paso Robles)	Tempranillo	Chateau Lettau
Italy	"Made of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this offers black tea and mature plum aromas, while the palate evokes dried cherry, clove and star anise flavors. Firm, close-grained tannins generate an austere finish. Give it another few years to soften, then enjoy."	Redi Briareo Riserva	88	60	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vecchia Cantina di Montepulciano 2011 Redi Briareo Riserva  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Vecchia Cantina di Montepulciano
Germany	"Whiffs of lime and lemon zest, lanolin and herbs entice on the nose. Off dry in style, this is chock-full of sweet-tart melon and citrus flavors glazed in a slick of honey, which lingers on the finish"	Erdener Treppchen Kabinett	92	28	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Loosen 2013 Erdener Treppchen Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
US	"Too sweet and oaky to earn a higher score. It's rich and jammy in sugary raspberries and cherries, with lots of caramel and buttered toast. Ready now."		85	30	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Carr 2007 Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Carr
US	"There are so many unexpected joys in this 100% varietal wine, given the chance to shine in light-bodied wisps of tangerine, lemon and lime. Despite its delicate nature, it doesn't skimp on satisfaction nor complexity, delivering waves of flavor sip after sip."	Hotspur Rosé of	93	19	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bodkin 2015 Hotspur Rosé of Syrah (Russian River Valley)	Syrah	Bodkin
US	"This is soft, fruity and very approachable, with flavors of strawberry jam. Highlights of sassafras and a pleasing spiciness add texture and interest."		87	40	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Stoller 2005 Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Stoller
Portugal	"Juicy Alicante Bouschet shines in this smooth, rich wine. Dark tannins are cushioned by the ripe berry fruits and opulent texture. Wood-aging has given extra richness to this powerful and complex wine that needs time. Drink from 2017."	Rapariga da Quinta Reserva	93	26	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Luis Duarte 2012 Rapariga da Quinta Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Luis Duarte
Italy	"Delicate aromas of wild berry, blue flower and a hint chopped herb lead the nose. The soft, easygoing palate offers black cherry and a hint of baking spice. Round tannins and vibrant acidity make it ready to drink now."	Molino del Piano	86	26	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bonacchi 2014 Molino del Piano  (Rosso di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Bonacchi
US	"This shows a strong Bourbon barrel flavor from the new oak that is still being integrated into the fruit. Tart wild-berry flavors surfacewith air, but the impression is of a high-acid, sharply-defined Merlot; it's structured for aging."		88	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sinclair Estate Vineyards 2009 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Sinclair Estate Vineyards
France	"Notes of stone and smoke join lemon and green apple on the nose of this wine. The palate has an earthier aspect but is bracingly fresh and precise with pure lemon zestiness. Dry and slender, the wine will round out with some bottle age. Drink 2018–2023."	Tradition	89	29	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Pfister 2014 Tradition Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Pfister
Chile	"Aromas of tire rubber, eucalyptus and scratchy black fruits set up a shear, acidic palate with flavors of salty, herbal, somewhat sour berry and plum. A rough, scouring finish is par for the course."	Reserva	83	14	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Morandé 2010 Reserva Merlot (Casablanca Valley)	Merlot	Morandé
Spain	"Unusual aromas of blue fruits are matched against cardamom and cumin scents. The palate is blocky yet dominated by acidity, while flavors of plum, black currant and woodspice are exotic. A hard finish shows hickory and barrel flavors along with wiry acidity."	Reserva	88	44	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Baigorri 2007 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Baigorri
US	"Perfumed aromas offer notes of white flowers, mineral and pink grapefruit. The flavors are dry and elegantly styled with a lingering finish. It will drink well at the dinner table."	Aunt Diane's Vineyard	88	16	Washington	Columbia Gorge (WA)	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dowsett Family 2014 Aunt Diane's Vineyard Riesling (Columbia Gorge (WA))	Riesling	Dowsett Family
Italy	"Morellino di Scansano is the perfect wine to pair with Italian dishes like ricotta-filled ravioli in meat sauce or fettuccine with porcini. It shows soft cherry and blackberry aromas, plus bright acids and spicy endnotes."	Poggio Etrusco	88	19	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano				Fattoria Mantellassi 2010 Poggio Etrusco  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Fattoria Mantellassi
US	"This wine's intense grapey, jammy aromas lead to very fruity and blackberry jam, melted butter and strawberry syrup flavors. It's medium bodied and sweet."		84	5	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Mancan NV Red (California)	Red Blend	Mancan
Greece	Spicy and fresh aromas lead this elegant but accessible white from Florina. Tropical fruit flavors are round and layered but the wine has a good spice and mineral mix. A great wine for the table?lots of food-pairing options here.		90	19	Florina			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Alpha Estate 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Florina)	Sauvignon Blanc	Alpha Estate
France	"In this ripe wine, yellow fruits, cinnamon and ripe herbs are melded into a harmonious whole. Great acidity offers a juicy core to this well-balanced wine. Drink now for its great refreshing character."	Clos du Four	90	35	Burgundy	Mâcon-Milly Lamartine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Christophe Cordier 2013 Clos du Four  (Mâcon-Milly Lamartine)	Chardonnay	Christophe Cordier
US	"This is a Bordeaux blend, based on Merlot, with some Petite Sirah mixed in. It's very dry, quite full-bodied and a little rustic, with some tough, edgy tannins. Doesn't seem like an ager, but it will benefit from a few hours in a decanter."	The McNab	87	36	California	Mendocino County				Bonterra 2006 The McNab Red (Mendocino County)	Red Blend	Bonterra
US	"Spicy, fruity and fresh, this hearty vineyard-designate is high-toned in red cherry and citrus, well-integrated and softly layered, with a blistering note of tannic power on the finish. Drink now through 2020."	Hallberg Vineyard	92	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Joseph Jewell 2012 Hallberg Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Jewell
Spain	"This blend of Viura and Malvasia is mild, low on aromatic punch and suggestive of saline solution. This is friendly but flat in feel, with modest structure. Leesy flavors of peach and apple finish chalky and grabby."	Blanco	85	16	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ostatu 2014 Blanco White (Rioja)	White Blend	Ostatu
US	"For its bold footprint (and the amount of wood aging it went through) this rich Zinfandel offers a depth of pleasant berry flavor and a measured texture, with a savory edge on the finish."	Big Wood	87	32	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wood Family Vineyards 2010 Big Wood Zinfandel (Livermore Valley)	Zinfandel	Wood Family Vineyards
US	"Merlot and Syrah make up the bulk of this wine, with the remainder pinches of Viognier and Cabernet Franc. Fresh flower, plum and milk chocolate aromas are followed by appealing sweet fruit and barrel flavors."	Les Chevaux	87	15	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Crest 2013 Les Chevaux Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Columbia Crest
Germany	"Hints of cedar and toast lend warmth to crisp red-cherry and plum notes in this big-bodied, yet delicately flavored wine. Bright cranberry acidity lends a fresh feel to the palate. It finishes moderately long with a hint of bitter tannin."	Estate Bottled	87	15	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Schäfer 2012 Estate Bottled Pinot Noir (Rheinhessen)	Pinot Noir	Schäfer
US	"Salmon colored (and salmon would make a good pairing), this sparkling rosé has deep flavors of toasty oak and black fruit, along with a swath of sweetness on the finish."	Rosé	88	22	California	California	California Other	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chandon NV Rosé Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Chandon
US	"Sweet, tart and simple, like the filling on a black-cherry pie. Not much else going on. Drink now."	Reserve	84	25	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Martin Ray 2008 Reserve Merlot (Oak Knoll District)	Merlot	Martin Ray
New Zealand	"A step up in weight, texture and concentration from VM's Private Bin bottling, Cellar Selection is the middle tier of the company's Sauvignon Blancs. Delicate leafy characters mark the nose, but the emphasis is on the engaging gooseberry and pink grapefruit notes. Textures of silk and cream add richness to the palate, lingering on the mouthwatering finish."	Cellar Selection	90	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Villa Maria 2014 Cellar Selection Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Villa Maria
New Zealand	"Enticing aromas of chocolate-cherry cake blend seamlessly with meat, earth and baking spices. The tannins are chewy but fine grained and beautifully balanced. Tart cherries and savory olive linger on the finish. Drink now–2024."		91	25	Marlborough					Forrest 2013 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Forrest
France	"This 50/50 Duras and Syrah blend from father and son Jean Paul and Nicolas Hirissou is a ripe, fruity wine that is attractively mature. It is finely integrated with berry fruits that are lifted by the acidity and given a fine shape by the gentle tannins. The wine is ready to drink."		88	12	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Moulin 2013 Red (Gaillac)	Red Blend	Domaine du Moulin
Italy	"A wine that gives you everything you could possibly want: complexity, elegance, intensity and a long, creamy finish. Oreno is a 50-25-25 blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Sangiovese (which prove to be perfect proportions in this case). It exhibits aromas of bright cherry, prune, plum, espresso grinds and cedar wood."	Oreno	94	85	Tuscany	Toscana				Tenuta Sette Ponti 2004 Oreno Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta Sette Ponti
US	"This lively, medium-bodied and well-balanced wine smells of raspberries and dried herbs. It tastes invitingly fresh, combining bright fruit with earthy and savory accents. The color is relatively light, matching the overall tangy personality."	Family Reserve	87	8	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Oak Grove 2013 Family Reserve Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Oak Grove
US	"Soft and inviting on the plushly texture nose, this bottling by a Napa winery sourcing from the iconic Santa Maria vineyard offers popcorn, butterscotch, fresh apple blossom and salted stone-fruit aromas. The flavors are classic and straightforward in the citrusy style, with Meyer lemon, nectarine, pineapple and butter."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	91	38	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Castello di Amorosa 2014 Bien Nacido Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Castello di Amorosa
Germany	"Yellow freesia and sweet peach abound in this deeply floral, fruity auslese. Feather light in texture, yet deeply concentrated in flavor, it's penetratingly sweet yet finishes with a flurry of crushed minerals and lime-pith astringency."	Wehlener Sonnenuhr Auslese	92	57	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Joh. Jos. Prüm 2011 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Auslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Joh. Jos. Prüm
Argentina	"This is opaque, offering a lush collection of black fruit aromas on what amounts to a deep, dense bouquet. Layered and displaying excellent size and texture, it has saturated, meaty black-fruit flavors along with toasty, integrated oak. A powerhouse Malbec and maybe the best Ultra to date."	Ultra	92	20	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kaiken 2010 Ultra Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Kaiken
US	"Broadley offers well-ripened, estate-grown Willamette Valley Pinot Noir at affordable prices. This juicy, concentrated cuvée brings a lively mix of boysenberry, blackberry and black cherry. It was aged for one year in one-year-old French oak. The focus, concentration and sheer pleasure cannot by overstated."	Estate	91	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Broadley 2015 Estate Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Broadley
US	"Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie and Winemaker Joey Tensley converge on a blend of Syrah, Merlot, Grenache and Cabernet Sauvignon that's worth sitting on until at least 2019. Woody, cigar box aromas pick up notes of camphor and flashes of red fruit, and the flavors fall in line around the cedar, with blueberry, black cherry and milk chocolate."	Fergalicious	92	40	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Ferguson Crest 2011 Fergalicious Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Red Blend	Ferguson Crest
US	"Soft and awkward, with dull berry flavors that have a vegetal tinge."		80	18	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Four Vines 2005 Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Four Vines
US	"A classically styled, beautifully made red, this is defined by its well-chiseled structure and sanguine characteristics, as well as notes of cranberry, dried herb and anise. Lush and full-bodied, it has additional elements of pencil shavings and meaty game, complex and interesting to the end. Enjoy best 2022 through 2032."	Sycamore Vineyard	92	125	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Freemark Abbey 2012 Sycamore Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Freemark Abbey
US	"In general, Eola Hills Pinots lean more to the peppery and herbal side of the line, compared with pricier AVAs in Yamhill county. This well-made wine shows good color and concentration, and it's ripe enough that the herbaceousness is a feature, if not entirely an asset. There's a nice lift to the midpalate, which leaves a residual impression that finishes a bit vinegary, as the wine winds down into flavors of black olive and herb."		86	25	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Methven Family Vineyards 2005 Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Methven Family Vineyards
US	"This Cab has the fruity concentration of its famous mountain origin, and is explosive in blackberries, blueberries and currants, along with plenty of caramelized oak. It's also quite tannic, which gives it a jaw-breaking astringency. Interestingly, it's already throwing some sediment. The long-term prospects are unclear, but it should have no trouble negotiating the next six years."		88	87	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			Lazy Susan Ranch 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lazy Susan Ranch
US	"Fresh and lemony, this medium- to full-bodied wine starts out crisp and citrus-driven, growing a rounder and more substantial with each sip. The vibrant flavors and zingy acidity keep it lively through the finish."		90	18	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Boeger 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (El Dorado)	Sauvignon Blanc	Boeger
US	"With no oak, the pure, brilliantly ripe Chardonnay fruit shines through in this rewarding wine. It's so rich in tropical fruit, peach, pear and citrus flavors, you won't even miss the barrel influence. Best of all is the cool-climate crispness that makes the finish so clean and vibrant."	Naked	89	14	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Four Vines 2006 Naked Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Four Vines
Germany	"Plump, clingy peach and honey notes are cut with streaks of lime in this delicate yet intensely satisfying wine. Off dry in style, it's refreshingly juicy, with a rich, supple mouthfeel offset by bristling acidity."	Dom	90	17	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bischöfliche Weingüter Trier 2013 Dom Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Bischöfliche Weingüter Trier
Portugal	"A blend of Touriga Nacional and Touriga Franca, this dark-colored, serious wine is concentrated and structured. It offers black fruits, giving a brooding character that's full of power. The aftertaste with its acidity and juicy fruit is elevated and leaves with a lift."	Andreza	89	18	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2013 Andreza Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
US	"This engages the taste buds with bright, ripe fruit flavors and balances them with good crisp acidity and light tannins, plus spicy oak accents that resemble vanilla, allspice and nutmeg. Medium to full bodied, it feels smooth in the mouth but the lip-smacking tannins carry through on the finish."		89	20	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Braveheart 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Braveheart
France	"Bunan's 18th-century castle is called Belle Raisin—Bélouvé in the old Provençal dialect (beautiful grapes in English). With a range of varieties in the blend, it is an attractively integrated wine that has red cherry, raspberry and crisp apple flavors. It is lively and full of ripe fruits, with just a touch of pepper at the end."	Bélouvé	88	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Bunan 2015 Bélouvé Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaines Bunan
Argentina	"Extremely oaky and resiny, this offers aromas of wood grain, resin, vanilla and sawdust that crowd out any fruit that might seek to escape. The palate feels heavy and resiny, with flavors of wood, vanilla and coconut, but again almost no fruit. This is 70% Chardonnay and 30% Sémillon."	Lágrima Canela	85	50	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bressia 2011 Lágrima Canela White (Mendoza)	White Blend	Bressia
Italy	"Scorched earth, forest floor and roasted coffee bean aromas open this wine. The palate is on its oak, delivering toast, vanilla, mocha, cooking spices and plumcake. It has a warm midpalate and not quite enough fruit richness."		87	30	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Buon Tempo 2011  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Tenuta Buon Tempo
US	"This wine, which shows a touch of age, offers heady aromas of damp morel mushrooms, dried seaweed, a soy-like umami, iodine and beef jerky. It's meaty on the palate, with tart cranberry and dried orange rind flavors, lifted with hints of violets, lavender and pepper."		92	32	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kynsi 2011 Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kynsi
US	"This is a sensational vintage for this cuvée, which is part of the winery's extensive Chardonnay lineup. It offers intense fruit concentration and retains the opulence for which the winery is known. Rich in a buttered, toasted nut flavor, the mouthfeel is creamy and sensual. The finish lingers for several minutes, and the wine drinks as well or better on the second day it's been open."	Evenstad Reserve	95	55	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Serene 2013 Evenstad Reserve Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Domaine Serene
US	"Drenched in luxurious, almost sweet fruit flavors, this tempting and delicious wine is full bodied. Ripe in aromas and on the palate, it creates a vivid and warming cherry-pie effect on the senses, and is undeniably tasty."	The Charm	91	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Shane Wines 2013 The Charm Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Shane Wines
US	"This classic Bordeaux blend—67% Cabernet Sauvignon, 11% Merlot, 17% Cab Franc and 6% Petit Verdot—is crafted from 100% Sagemoor vineyard grapes. It's chewy and herbal, with substantial tannins. It probably needs some time to smooth out the rough spots, but it's got character and a mix of Bordeaux-like cassis and herb flavors, all in good balance and finished entirely in older neutral oak."	Red Paintbrush	90	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Isenhower 2006 Red Paintbrush Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Isenhower
US	"A thin wisp of smoke lends complexity to a bouquet full of sunny peaches and apricots on this perfumed Riesling. Off-dry in style, sweet pink-grapefruit flavor quenches the palate. It's dancingly light in body yet surprisingly powerful in concentration."		89	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Standing Stone 2013 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Standing Stone
US	"This is a likeable Syrah for drinking now. It has soft acids and tannins that frame notes of jammy cherry and blackberry. The flavors are sweet on the midpalate, but finish dry and spicy."	Flood Family Vineyards	87	25	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Rancho Sisquoc 2009 Flood Family Vineyards Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Rancho Sisquoc
Italy	"French oak, toast, espresso and menthol aromas lift out of the glass. The lean, taut palate offers dried black cherry and oak-driven spice alongside raspy tannins that leave an astringent finish. The fruit richness is starting to dry up so drink sooner rather later."		86	24	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lornano 2012  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Lornano
US	"This excellent rosé is one of a handful given extra bottle age before release, and it rewards that time with unusual flavors––rhubarb and strawberry, hints of banana and a touch of creamsicle in the fade. Not typical in any way, but tasty and full-bodied."		88	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ardenvoir 2009 Rosé (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rosé	Ardenvoir
US	"Fragrant and floral with exotic figueroa, orange and peach scents, this wine is a feast for the senses, playing out on the palate with high-toned acidity, anise flavor and oak."		88	29	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fog Crest 2014 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Fog Crest
Chile	"A bit rough at first, with aromas of burnt field, corn and haystack. It gets fruitier with time, and the palate is smooth despite offering a lot of citrus and pineapple flavors. Finishes both lively and a touch creamy, with tang and vitality."	Falaris Hill Vineyard	86	18	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Leyda 2009 Falaris Hill Vineyard Chardonnay (Leyda Valley)	Chardonnay	Leyda
Italy	"Grilled herb, dark spice, toast and leather aromas lead the nose. The palate is vigorous, marked by orange zest, dried cherry and thyme notes held together by tightly wound tannins."		87	17	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Salcheto 2015  Rosso di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Salcheto
US	"Dryish and crisp, this shows citrus, lemongrass, herb and honey flavors, with a sweet bitterness that will play well with a wide range of food, especially modern Asian fare."		86	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Vermeil 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Vermeil
Italy	"This is a blend of Nero d'Avola and Merlot in almost equal measures. The first varietal offers aromas of red fruit, wild fennel and pistachio. The second grape lends softness and bright cherry flavor. There's a touch of tar and graphite on the close."	Camastra	88	29	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Tasca d'Almerita 2008 Camastra Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Tasca d'Almerita
US	"Just delicious, this wine shows its pedigree from some of the best vineyards in the valley, including Merryvale's St. Helena estate. Dry and rich in firm but refined tannins, it offers elaborate flavors of blackberries, blueberries and cherries, while 70% new oak adds layers of buttered toast and caramel. Great for drinking now with the best meats and cheeses you can find."		93	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Merryvale 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Merryvale
US	"Undoubtedly the greatest Chardonnay the winery has ever produced, this is as rich as any Chardonnay on the market. Notes of tropical fruit, green apple and crème brûlée mesh with vibrant minerality that's steely, chalky and tangy. Although it tastes of honey, the finish is completely dry. This might even develop earthy, nutty complexities as it ages."	Pastorale Vineyard	96	75	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Joseph Phelps 2010 Pastorale Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Joseph Phelps
Chile	"Briny citrus, green melon, bell pepper and grassy aromas are 100% coastal Chile. This has a citrusy yet round palate that's lively but not overtly complex. Salty, briny flavors of lime and white grapefruit ride through the finish."	Specialties	88	18	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2014 Specialties Sauvignon Blanc (San Antonio)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Carolina
France	"Fruity and rounded, this has attractive, citrus-like acidity that cuts through the caramel and apricot flavors. There is a delicious, forward orange-juice flavor that adds to the fresh feel of the wine. It's ready to drink, although it will also age."	Sentier du Clou Premier Cru	91	55	Burgundy	Saint-Aubin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Olivier Leflaive 2010 Sentier du Clou Premier Cru  (Saint-Aubin)	Chardonnay	Olivier Leflaive
France	"This is a soft, gentle and ripe Chardonnay by Laurent Perrachon, current winemaker from a Beaujolais family making wine since 1877. Lemon acidity is submerged by the warm apricot and white peach flavors. It is ready to drink."		84	14	Beaujolais	Beaujolais Blanc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Mouilles 2014  Beaujolais Blanc	Chardonnay	Domaine des Mouilles
Italy	"Here's a bright and easy-drinking wine made from Trebbiano, Passerina and Pecorino grapes. It has sensations of acacia flower, lemon and peach alongside vibrant acidity."		85	18	Central Italy	Falerio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Collevite 2012 White (Falerio)	White Blend	Collevite
US	"Scented with herbs, pine needles and a hint of pepper, this has a solid core of tart, wild-cherry fruit. The tannins are drying and show some stem flavors, but as the wine breathes it smoothes out and softens up."	Shea Vineyard	90	48	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Winderlea 2011 Shea Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Winderlea
Italy	"Wild berry, Mediterranean brush, blue flower and aromatic herb aromas slowly take shape on this. The smooth juicy palate presents wild cherry, raspberry, licorice and nutmeg framed in polished refined tannins. Drink 2018–2027."	Moz Art	92	74	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Paradiso di Frassina 2012 Moz Art  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Paradiso di Frassina
France	"A rounded wine, this is a blend of different premier-cru vineyards in Beaune. It packed with raspberries and red cherries. The acidity, typical of the year, is restrained here by the ripe fruitiness. Tannins give the wine just the right amount of support."	Bastion Premier Cru	91	59	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2013 Bastion Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Chanson Père et Fils
Australia	"This defines mainstream, affordable Chardonnay via its soft apple, pear and pineapple bouquet, pleasing mouthfeel and nice, lightly sweet blend of fruit, butter and spice elements on the palate and finish. Best Buy."		87	10	South Australia	Barossa Valley				Jacob's Creek 2000 Chardonnay (Barossa Valley)	Chardonnay	Jacob's Creek
Chile	"Spiced plum, dried raspberry and cherry-cough-drop aromas are attractive. This feels medium in body, with plumpness cut by fresh acidity. Flavors of dried cherry and baking spices finish solidly and smoothly."	Single Vineyard Las Brisas	89	22	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Leyda 2013 Single Vineyard Las Brisas Pinot Noir (Leyda Valley)	Pinot Noir	Leyda
US	"Be prepared for a murky visual in this unusual, concentrated and complex wine. The appearance is hazy and the color brassy, but the flavors are vivid, fresh and bracing. The mouthfeel has great acidity, an unusually thick texture and fine tannins. A sense of layering and intensity develops with more sips, and lingers on the finish."	Sluice Box	91	28	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Donkey & Goat 2014 Sluice Box White (El Dorado)	White Blend	Donkey & Goat
US	"Lean and tough, but not without a certain charm, this Cab's blackberry and currant flavors are wrapped in hard, edgy tannins. The sweet core of fruit will wake up when paired with rich beef dishes."		86	28	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Brander 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Ynez Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Brander
US	"The bottle looks like it's wrapped in leopard fur. The wine is off-dry, clean and simple, with crisp flavors of raspberries, strawberries, honey and vanilla."	Brut	85	30	California	California	California Other			Moreno BHLV NV Brut Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Moreno BHLV
France	"An impressive wine by any measure, this shows ample complexity in its mix of black cherry, dark earth and briery notes. The tannins frame the wine's opulent fruit, while remaining wonderfully unobtrusive. This should drink well for at least 15 years from the vintage."	Château de Beaucastel	94	120	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Famille Perrin 2011 Château de Beaucastel Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Famille Perrin
Italy	"Here's a modern, mature wine with baked blackberry notes at the beginning that are followed by white pepper and exotic spice. There's an attractively spicy quality to this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and Sangiovese that gives the wine a sharp, focused feel despite the ripeness of the fruit. Great price too."	Non Confunditur	89	25	Tuscany	Toscana				Argiano 2007 Non Confunditur Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Argiano
US	"Shows more gooseberry and feline notes than previous vintages, but there's still enough sweet spearmint and pink grapefruit flavor to satisfy. The acidity is lovely and mouthwatering."		88	18	California	Mendocino				Patianna 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Mendocino)	Sauvignon Blanc	Patianna
US	"Chewy and packed with flavors of dark chocolate, espresso and a bit of cracker, this retains focus as it punches through to a tasty finish. The black-cherry fruit is cloaked in the dark accents listed above, and has the muscle to stand up to blackened seafood and smoked meats."	Sunny Mountain Vineyard	90	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rex Hill 2014 Sunny Mountain Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Rex Hill
France	"A single-vineyard wine, this is firmly structured and full of perfumed fruit. New wood aging gives the red berry fruit a smoky, toasty character. It's a rich, concentrated selection to age for five years or more."	Clos du Meix des Ouches	90	130	Burgundy	Gevrey-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Varoilles 2010 Clos du Meix des Ouches  (Gevrey-Chambertin)	Pinot Noir	Domaine des Varoilles
US	"Merlot makes up three-quarters of this blend, with the balance Cabernet Sauvignon (21%) and Cabernet Franc. It starts out a bit reduced, providing some initial distraction from its aromas of plum, herb, asphalt and currant. The blue-fruit and smoke flavors show a sense of plushness, with savory notes lingering on the finish. The tannins bring some grip. It provides enjoyment but the Merlot doesn't really pop and the smoky notes seem out of place."	Merlot Blend	87	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Charles & Charles 2015 Merlot Blend Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Charles & Charles
Italy	"The winemaking efforts of Lazio (the region that houses the Italian capital, Rome) are slowly being noticed thanks to an admittedly small group of quality-minded producers. This Syrah shows ripe fruit and soft roundness with elements of prune, coffee and cherry liqueur."	Syranto	87	15	Central Italy	Lazio				Cantine Lupo 2010 Syranto Syrah (Lazio)	Syrah	Cantine Lupo
US	"This is classic Santa Maria Valley Pinot Noir, with its dark color, full body, ripe berry and currant flavors and, especially, the array of exotic crushed brown spices. New French oak brings lots of smoky, buttery, toasty richness. Great to drink now with tuna, salmon, lamb and beef dishes."	Julia's Vineyard	93	58	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Foxen 2010 Julia's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
US	"This wine is  dark in color, with just a thin red rim. It smells of ripe blackberries, grilled beef and clove, with flavors as dense as the color. For all its color and flavor intensity and fine-grained tannins, however, it feels smooth and velvety on the tongue and is hard to resist, especially at such a reasonable price."	1924 Limited Edition Double Black	90	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Gnarly Head 2013 1924 Limited Edition Double Black Red (California)	Red Blend	Gnarly Head
US	"A lovely wine, soft and charming, but far from simple. Although it has complex layers of cherries, blackberries, cassis and cedar, it also shows a fine structure of ripe, smooth tannins and supporting acidity. Drink now–2015 while it's fresh and forward."	Trilogy	92	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Flora Springs 2009 Trilogy Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Flora Springs
US	"This wine is dark, deep and densely flavored with black cherry, cola and coffee. It tastes bigger than its moderate alcohol might suggest, and powers through to a long, lushly fruity finish."	Merriman Vineyard	94	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Owen Roe 2012 Merriman Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Owen Roe
Australia	"For the price, this is pretty decent. It shows ample volume in the mouth and features lightly stewed fruit notes of mixed berries balanced by a touch of wood."	Wine Men of Gotham	85	11	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Gotham 2013 Wine Men of Gotham Cabernet Sauvignon (South Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gotham
US	"This is an herbal, earthy, delicately layered and silky wine with red cherry and pomegranate characteristics. Medium-bodied, it stays true to its varietal nature by being light on its feet."	Morelli Lane Vineyard	88	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lost Canyon 2014 Morelli Lane Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lost Canyon
Austria	The bracing freshness of green pear peel mixed with lemon freshness soon yields to a softer fruit note on the nose. Some creamy midpalate texture lends extra weight to this slender wine that charms effortlessly with lemony verve.	Göttweiger Berg	91	24	Kremstal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Stift Göttweig 2014 Göttweiger Berg Riesling (Kremstal)	Riesling	Stift Göttweig
US	"This Pinot's parts haven't found each other yet. There's big, ripe raspberry and cherry fruit, sweet, toasty oak, brisk acids and firm tannins, yet they form an unruly confederation. Stash this in the cellar until at least 2020."	Rosella's Vineyard	89	65	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Bernardus 2012 Rosella's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"Fruity-sweet, like one of those fancy juice blends you buy in the market. It features pineapples, mangoes and grapefruits, with crisp acidity."		84	14	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Maddalena 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Paso Robles)	Sauvignon Blanc	Maddalena
US	"Though Cabernets Sauvignon and Franc each make up just 3% of this wine, they seem to show themselves aromatically, with herb and floral notes that provide the backdrop for Merlot's cocoa and cherry. The red fruit flavors are plump and juicy, backed by bright acid that leads to a long, fruit filled finish. It doesn't always come off as completely varietal but it's nearly impossible to resist all the same."	Seven Hills Vineyard	91	40	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Seven Hills 2013 Seven Hills Vineyard Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Seven Hills
Italy	"Scorched earth, underbrush, blue flower and woodland berry are some of the scents you'll find on this focused wine. The elegant, full-bodied palate delivers black raspberry, mature cherry, brown kitchen spice and a hint of leather alongside tightly wound but refined tannins. Drink 2016–2021."	Riserva	90	35	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cafaggio 2011 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Cafaggio
US	"This wine is still coming out of its shell, with lightly reduced aromas of mandarin orange, fresh flowers, and citrus. It drinks bone dry, with silky-feeling fruit flavors providing intrigue but not entirely delivering. The aromas and flavors don't seem to match up."		86	11	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Barnard Griffin 2015 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Barnard Griffin
US	"This wine is a blend of Sangiovese (66%), Cabernet Sauvignon (20%) and Syrah. The aromas are brooding, with notes of earth, toast, red fruit and spice. The palate brings tart tangy cranberry flavors that linger on the finish."	Tuttorosso	90	34	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Brian Carter Cellars 2012 Tuttorosso Red (Yakima Valley)	Red Blend	Brian Carter Cellars
Chile	"Punchy raspberry, plum and spice aromas are straight from central casting as far as Pinot goes. This feels medium to full, while spicy, lightly leafy plum flavors are a touch herbal. Round and generous on the finish, this closes with dry, spicy, herbal flavors and a solid oak component."	Alpha	89	23	Aconcagua Costa			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montes 2014 Alpha Pinot Noir (Aconcagua Costa)	Pinot Noir	Montes
US	"Gallo has held this Chard more than 4 years before release; the reason may be an acidic tightness that still dominates the wine. It's deep in mineral-infused apricot and quince fruit. The barrel regimen consisted of 100% new oak. It's a big, absolutely dry, almost rasping wine, and may be one of those rare California Chards capable of aging. See what it does after 2008."		90	50	California	Northern Sonoma	Sonoma			Gallo Family Vineyards 2003 Chardonnay (Northern Sonoma)	Chardonnay	Gallo Family Vineyards
Australia	"Once past the sticker shock, enjoy this wine for its richly toasty aromas, plush tropical fruit and warm, lingering finish. It's medium to full in body, with a creamy texture and hints of vanilla. Drink now–2018."		92	200	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cloudburst 2013 Chardonnay (Margaret River)	Chardonnay	Cloudburst
Italy	"Cellar floor, eucalyptus, black spice and a note recalling grilled celery lead the nose. The ripe palate offers mature black cherry, star anise and a hint of orange zest while assertive, tightly knit tannins leave an astringent finish."		87	60	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Battaglio 2013  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Battaglio
US	"Longtime Souverain winemaker Ed Killian's personal project, this 100% Chardonnay was given 20% new French oak, allowing the fruit to speak for itself in this wine. Pear and fig converge in balanced, voluptuous layers. Just a touch of ripe caramel-honey on the finish makes the wine seem heady and risqué."	Adam and Eve Vineyard	89	26	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Killian 2012 Adam and Eve Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Killian
US	"Blackberry, rose petal and espresso combine for a relatively light aromatic profile in this blend of 45% Cabernet Sauvignon, 35% Cabernet Franc and 20% Merlot. A cedar flavor dominates the palate, lending structure and depth to blackberry fruit and black pepper spice."	Maquette	88	40	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sculpterra 2014 Maquette Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Sculpterra
US	"This wine is half Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Syrah, finished off with Petit Verdot. The aromas and flavors of dried herbs, blackberry, tar and fresh flowers show multiple layers, with the palate displaying density and richness. It needs time to be at its best but will be worth the wait. Drink 2020–2027."	Callisto	93	39	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Baer 2012 Callisto Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Baer
US	"Golden yellow in color, this aged, vintage cuvée is light and floral, with tastes of guava and fennel around a full, creamy texture and buoyant acidity. Disgorged in July 2014, it stays fresh and vibrant throughout the lengthy finish."	Carneros Cuvée	92	75	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gloria Ferrer 2004 Carneros Cuvée Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Gloria Ferrer
France	"This is a fresh wine with caramel as well as ripe red-berry flavors. With its textured acidity and crisp, clean aftertaste, it's a wine to drink as an apéritif."		84	22	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Alban Roblin 2014 Rosé (Sancerre)	Rosé	Domaine Alban Roblin
US	"As rich, ripe and flashy as any Pinot Noir out there. It floods the mouth with jammy raspberries and cherries, with smoky oak sweetness like pie crust, sprinkled with cinnamon and brown sugar. Drink soon."	Boonville	88	50	California	Anderson Valley				Jim Ball 2009 Boonville Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Jim Ball
Argentina	"Dark plum and berry aromas are given a wild side from juniper and pine notes. This feels grabby in the mouth, with prune and hickory flavors bringing a backing of smoke and clove. A toasty, hot finish feels muscular and rubbery."	Lote 44	85	13	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Cuarto Dominio 2013 Lote 44 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Cuarto Dominio
US	"This new vineyard-designate from Saintsbury has a classic profile. Spicy, woodsy, cherrylike aromas lead to layered raspberry, cinnamon and cherry flavors, with the firm texture of fine-grained tanins and good acidity. It offers a lightly tart and lingering finish. Great balance and complexity come together beautifully here."	Donnelly Creek Vineyard	94	62	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Saintsbury 2014 Donnelly Creek Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Saintsbury
US	"Faint in tart cherry and herbal spiciness, this comes from a long-standing producer of Italian varieties in California. Soft, smooth and well-integrated in terms of power and tannin, it makes a great go-to pizza and pasta wine for midweek meals."		85	18	California	Mendocino County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Monte Volpe 2010 Sangiovese (Mendocino County)	Sangiovese	Monte Volpe
France	"Jean Lissague, one of Bordeaux wine's “new generation,” produced the 100% Merlot with spice and firm tannins. It also has weight and richness from the generous fruitiness. Drink this structured wine starting from 2019."		88	20	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Grand Secret 2014  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Merlot	Château Grand Secret
Portugal	"The wine has power, structure and density. Hard initial tannins show that it needs to age, but the black fruits come through richly as it opens up. The strong mineral character gives a firm texture to the wine. Drink from 2017."	Parcelas	92	15	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de Porrais 2010 Parcelas Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de Porrais
Argentina	"Fresh aromas of white gumdrop, quince and peach precede a peachy, citrusy palate. Dry citrus flavors persist on a clean finish. This is a fresh Chardonnay where less is more."	Fincas	87	14	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alfredo Roca 2016 Fincas Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Alfredo Roca
Austria	"Nickolaihof produces intense, full-flavored Rieslings that age more quickly than Wachau Rieslings from further west. This is a silky, creamy wine, full of white fruit flavors, seared through with crisp acidity, enormously concentrated, with a bone-dry finish."	Im Weingebirge Smaragd	91	35	Wachau			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Nikolaihof 2000 Im Weingebirge Smaragd Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Nikolaihof
France	"Underneath the austere exterior, there's a fruity character, with layers of citrus, kiwi and white peach flavors, along with the richness from having been aged in wood. Cellar this taut, minerally and structured wine for 2–3 years."		89	18	Burgundy	Mâcon-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Vitallis 2010  Mâcon-Fuissé	Chardonnay	Château Vitallis
Australia	"This warm-climate Chard shows its origins in its ripe, sweet peach-nectar aromas, kissed with caramel and smoke. Weighty in the mouth—close to syrupy—then it finishes cleanly in a burst of tart, lime-like acidity."		85	11	South Australia	Riverland		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Salena Estate 2001 Chardonnay (Riverland)	Chardonnay	Salena Estate
US	"This wine is serious in style, starting with a dark color, then concentrated aromas like pomegranate juice, black olive and blackberry come through. It is full bodied and moderately tannic for the kind of dense texture that's great with meat and cheese."		87	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Geyser Peak 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Geyser Peak
Spain	"A forward specimen with lots of oak that settles on cinnamon and wood tannin. Also a touch leafy on the nose, and that's backed by tangy cranberry and acid-driven cherry flavors. Very tight and piercing, which for a 2005 crianza is asking too much."	Crianza	85	30	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Hemar 2005 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Hemar
US	"Kevin Riley packs eight varieties into this pink wine, but the major proportion of Syrah and Grenache lend it its deep hue and rose petal, red cherry and vanilla notes on the nose. Grippy red plum skin flavors dominate the compellingly tense palate, followed by Rainier cherry and orange rind touches."	Resistance Willow Creek Farm	89	42	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Proulx 2016 Resistance Willow Creek Farm Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	Proulx
Argentina	"Red in color, and definitely smelling and tasting like Malbec. And while you want to like it more, there are some glaring flaws here, namely a weak bead that turns it flat. Furthermore, there's rhubarby sourness at the core. Has its moments but needs more work."	Celestina Rosé of Malbec	84	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Reginato 2007 Celestina Rosé of Malbec Sparkling (Mendoza)	Sparkling Blend	Reginato
US	"The Eléni Syrah, sourced from old vines at Red Willow Vineyard, may lay claim to being the best of a very fine lineup. It is a densely fruity wine, with concentrated flavors of raspberry liqueur, set upon a foundation of liquid rock. Focused and precise, it is almost crystalline in its resonant elegance."	Eléni	94	45	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Efeste 2009 Eléni Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Efeste
Italy	"There's a note of wet earth or rubber that emerges from the bouquet before the fruit tones do. Once the wine is given more time in the glass, dried prune and cassis come through. This wine's tight, compact style would pair with most easy meat dishes."	Renesio Riserva	85	46	Piedmont	Roero				Malvirà 2007 Renesio Riserva  (Roero)	Nebbiolo	Malvirà
South Africa	"This Chardonnay offers a lovely balance of vibrant fruit, spicy vanilla toast and lemon zest. Balanced and elegant, it's a great example of the marriage of Old and New World styles that makes South African wine so food friendly."		88	20	Stellenbosch			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Rustenberg 2007 Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Rustenberg
Canada	"Tawny copper in color, this starts out with a bit of spice that quickly disappears. It's thin without any fruit flavor at all, and finishes with a hint of plastic."	Cabernet Sauvignon	83	18	Ontario	Lake Erie North Shore		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	North 42 Degrees 2016 Cabernet Sauvignon Rosé (Lake Erie North Shore)	Rosé	North 42 Degrees
New Zealand	"Like several other producers of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc, Jackson Estate is trying to make a cuvée that offers something more than stereotypical tropical fruit and fresh herbs. This is a partially barrel-fermented effort that boasts brown sugar and cinnamon aromas, and flavors that mix coffee with lime and passion fruit. It's not entirely harmonious, but offers concentration and innovation, something that should be applauded."	Grey Ghost	87	29	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Jackson Estate 2007 Grey Ghost Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Jackson Estate
Portugal	"This powerful wine has big ideas, as indicated by the weight of the bottle. The wine itself is dense, showing some signs of extraction that give a dry and firm aspect to the wine. A juicy, black-plum aftertaste adds lift."	Tinto Reserva	91	45	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cartuxa 2013 Tinto Reserva Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Cartuxa
US	"Made entirely from Chardonnay, it shows real delicacy and richness, with a mousse as smooth as fine satin. Flavorwise, it's enormously rich, suggesting oranges, limes, honey, vanilla, toast and the sweet, yeasty doughiness of a brioche pastry. Really gorgeous, a worthy followup to the fabulous 2005 La Rêve."	Le Rêve Blanc de Blancs	95	95	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Domaine Carneros 2006 Le Rêve Blanc de Blancs Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Carneros
US	"Not bad for a seven buck Chardonnay in a screwtop. Shows plenty of varietal flavor in the buttercream, honey and pineapple flavors. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced."		84	7	California	California	California Other			flipflop 2009 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	flipflop
Italy	"Round and velvety, it has aromas of ripe berry, chocolate and exotic spices. The rich palate delivers juicy black cherry punctuated with ground black pepper, cinnamon, carob, pipe tobacco and mint. Forward and sweet, this is already extremely accessible so enjoy soon. Drink through 2018."	Poggio Abate Riserva	91	78	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Poderina 2008 Poggio Abate Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	La Poderina
Germany	"To judge by its nose, this medium-bodied Riesling is quiet and introverted. And the flavors are also relatively neutral, with a slight earthiness and savory character defining its profile. Has the same lingering beefy-brininess on the finish as the other Liebfruenstift wines, just not as intense."	Wormser Trocken	87	42	Rheinhessen			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Weingut Liebfrauenstift 2009 Wormser Trocken Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Weingut Liebfrauenstift
US	"Strong scents of cola and chocolate come up quickly from the glass, and those flavors notes override the light strawberry and cherry fruit. With a bit of breathing time they all combine gracefully, crafting a full forward wine with a pleasing creamy texture."	Madrona Hill Vineyard	88	39	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gersing 2015 Madrona Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Gersing
France	"This wine is tightly textured, firm and with a strongly tannic element. It will be better with food."		84	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Toutigeac 2015 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Toutigeac
Chile	"Reduced jammy berry aromas precede a gummy palate. This tastes enriched by sugar and not entirely natural—stewy and candied on the finish. Tasted twice, with one sample refermented and spritzy."		83	10	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Autoritas 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Autoritas
US	"Sweet vanilla, buttered toast and caramel dominate this Chardonnay. It does have some peach and tropical fruit flavors, and is nicely smooth and creamy, but the oak stands out."		86	32	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Pure Cru 2010 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Pure Cru
US	"Apple custard, green apple peels and a bit of barrel warmth entertain the nose on this reasonably priced wine from a highly reliable appellation. Flavors are straightforward, with ripe golden pears and lemon peels."		87	20	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	J Wilkes 2013 Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	J Wilkes
US	"This 58% Cab-42% Syrah blend is almost jet black, bursting with floral aromas, meaty and just slightly pruney, almost like a super Tuscan. Baking spices (brown sugar, allspice) and pepper add still more flavor interest, along with some lightly herbal influence. It's a distinctive, deep and seemingly quick-maturing wine that should be enjoyed now."	Columbia Rediviva	90	45	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Buty 2004 Columbia Rediviva Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Buty
New Zealand	"This medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc displays a range of flavors from nettles to citrus to honey while remaining essentially dry. The leafy notes really emerge on the finish, along with a chalky note."		87	14	Nelson			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Nelson Bay 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Nelson)	Sauvignon Blanc	Nelson Bay
Italy	"This excellent vineyard reserve (an Umbrian blend made with Sangiovese and Canaiolo and aged 12 months in oak) has a clean and polished nose with territory-driven aromas of red berry, spice, chocolate and tealeaf. It offers deep penetration and succulence in the mouth and has a soft personality capped by fresh crispness on the close."	Rubesco Riserva Vigna Monticchio	91	64	Central Italy	Torgiano				Lungarotti 2000 Rubesco Riserva Vigna Monticchio Red (Torgiano)	Red Blend	Lungarotti
Italy	"This plump and fruit-driven Barbaresco offers nuances of ripe cherry and forest berry backed by lingering tones of licorice, vanilla, dark chocolate and clove. The wine is distinguished by a precise and focused mouthfeel that is shaped by acidity and firm tannins."	Bricco Rio Sordo	91	40	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Musso 2005 Bricco Rio Sordo  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Musso
Italy	"Fontanabianca is a microboutique, family-run winery that pulls out jaw-dropping gorgeous wines year after year. A hard work ethic and lucky vineyard locations shape this opulent, deeply layered Barbaresco and its steady array of spice, dark fruit, plum, cola, licorice and dark asphalt-like aromas."	Bordini	93	55	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Fontanabianca 2008 Bordini  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Fontanabianca
US	"Earthy sage and black licorice invite one into this dark brooding expression of the grape, defined in exotic blackberry, black cherry and smoke. Medium bodied and softly smooth, it impresses in its brush with the dark side."	Jamison Valley Vineyard Destein Estate	89	55	California	Bennett Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Talisman 2014 Jamison Valley Vineyard Destein Estate Pinot Noir (Bennett Valley)	Pinot Noir	Talisman
US	"Roasted meat, wet slate, dried Concord grape and wet cement notes show on the somewhat gamy nose of this blend of 37% Mourvèdre, 23% Grenache, 23% Syrah, 12% Cinsault and 5% Counoise. The texture is lively and grippy, supporting prominent wood and elderberry flavors."	Points West	90	35	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lone Madrone 2013 Points West Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Lone Madrone
Argentina	"Sweet berry and cherry aromas are fruity and a little heavy, while the palate is solid in feel and features flavors of sweet plum and berry fruit. Chewy on the finish, with good mouthfeel. Exactly what you'd want from a wine in this price range."		85	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Norton 2009 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Norton
US	"Minty earth tones frame this wine from a dramatic vineyard perched high amid the redwoods and shale soils of this mountainous region that impart forest underbrush, dried lilac and olallieberry aromas. The dark blackberry fruit flavors on the palate are enhanced by marjoram, dark clove, crushed fennel and Christmas spices."	Mindego Ridge Vineyard	94	60	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Thomas Fogarty 2013 Mindego Ridge Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Thomas Fogarty
Italy	"Coffee, toasted oak, coconut and raspberry confiture aromas lead the way. On the dense palate, dark chocolate, oak and licorice accent fleshy black cherry while fine-grained tannins provide support."	Rocche dell'Annunziata	89	89	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Revello Fratelli 2012 Rocche dell'Annunziata  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Revello Fratelli
US	"With watery flavors of oranges, buttered toast and white sugar, this is a very simple Chardonnay."		82	12	California	California	California Other			Pessimist 2011 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Pessimist
Germany	"For such a small price, this off-dry Riesling offers surprising refreshment and enjoyment. It's straightforward and fruity, bursting with white-peach and pear flavors, yet remarkably pristine in style. Zesty lemon-lime acidity showers the midpalate and leads a long rejuvenating finish."		89	11	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Clear Night 2014 Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Clear Night
France	"The wine is packed with fruit (including red berries) and attractive acidity. It has tannins that are still very present, although they are now supporting the bright fruitiness of the wine. It's almost ready to drink; just wait until 2018."		85	27	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Jeanguillon 2014  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Jeanguillon
Italy	"Bold, ripe fruit and chocolate notes open the nose of this blend of Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. The wine is layered and rich, with lingering tones of tobacco and sweet spice."	Mosaico	91	60	Tuscany	Bolgheri				Casa di Terra 2010 Mosaico  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Casa di Terra
Portugal	"This is a superrich, dense wine. It has firm tannins and a steely, mineral edge that permeates the texture. A ripe black-plum flavor is generous while still young and full of fresh acidity. The wine needs to age, so drink from 2017."	Lua Cheia em Vinhas Velhas Reserva Especial	92	22	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2012 Lua Cheia em Vinhas Velhas Reserva Especial Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
Argentina	"Exotic aromas of cardamom, blueberry and spiced currant filter onto a fresh but wide-bodied palate with raspberry, blueberry, herb and spice flavors. The finish is intriguing due to a reprise of notes like anise, mint and herbal berry flavors."	1907	89	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mendoza Vineyards 2011 1907 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Mendoza Vineyards
France	"A lovely touch of lemon sponge cake appears on the nose. The palate also plays up to this by uniting notes of sprightly lemon and fresh pastry on the palate. This is light and bright, fresh and creamy with lively mousse. The finish is dry and wonderfully refreshing with lasting lemon notes."	Cuvée Julien	91	20	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Dopff Au Moulin NV Cuvée Julien Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Dopff Au Moulin
US	"This '06 Zin is as spicy and fruity as you could desire, with masses of currants, cocoa, orange peel, licorice and pepper. But the tannin-acid balance is great, giving it a wonderful structure. Best now for youthful exuberance."		87	20	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Courtney Benham 2006 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Courtney Benham
Italy	"Ripe and chewy, this earthy wine opens with aromas of ripe black-skinned fruit, scorched soil, grilled herb and game. The big, round palate doles out ripe blackberry, spiced blueberry, licorice and ground pepper alongside velvety tannins."	S'arai	90	45	Sicily & Sardinia	Isola dei Nuraghi		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pala 2012 S'arai Red (Isola dei Nuraghi)	Red Blend	Pala
Portugal	"This is a ripe, spicy wine that has dense tannins and dark fruits. Now mature, it is full bodied, packed with black fruit flavors and a concentrated structure. The Alicante Bouschet in the blend gives the wine its dark color and also its intense fruits. Drink now."	Visconde de Borba Reserva	88	17	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Marcolino Sebo 2011 Visconde de Borba Reserva Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Marcolino Sebo
US	"Monumentally detailed, this 100% Cabernet Sauvignon is impressive for its sheer volumetrics. Offers masses of blackberries, black currants, cherries and cassis.  Huge, dramatic, yet impeccably balanced and dry. Feels firm and ultrarefined in tannic structure, with graceful acidity offering a perfect counterpoint to the fruity richness. Just beautiful, and ageable for at least a decade."		97	65	California	St. Helena	Napa			Redmon 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Redmon
France	"Named after the Roman name for the village of Sury-en-Vaux, the producer's home, this wine is soft and rounded. Red-berry fruits are full and ripe, lightly spiced and with an attractive fruity aftertaste. The wine is tangy, fresh and ready to drink."	Apud Sariacum	88	22	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Philippe Raimbault 2014 Apud Sariacum Rosé (Sancerre)	Rosé	Domaine Philippe Raimbault
US	"A hint of smoke mingles with fresh apple and pear aromas on this delicate, but silky and textured Pinot Gris. It's slightly off-dry in style, with concentrated apple and apricot flavors touched by a hint of honey. Tart lemon acidity adds balance and vibe."	Curry Creek Vineyards	87	24	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Red Newt Cellars 2011 Curry Creek Vineyards Pinot Gris (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Gris	Red Newt Cellars
US	"A little too sweet for comfort, with jellied raspberry and cherry flavors edged with the vanilla and caramel tastes from toasted oak barrels. Grows more sugary as it sits in the glass."		82	24	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Dane Cellars 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dane Cellars
France	Jammy fruits conflict with a firm tannic structure. This wine is not yet balanced and needs a lighter touch. Producer is Jean Paul Barre.		84	20	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saint-Urban 2013  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Saint-Urban
US	"A sad approximation of the old Anthology, whose quality has been sinking in recent years. The ‘05 is not quite ripe, with vegetal notes to the blackberries and sweet oak. It's an okay wine, but this once-fine wine's best days are gone."	Anthology	84	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Conn Creek 2005 Anthology Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Conn Creek
US	"A blend of fruit from Seven Hills (75%), Octave (21%) and Pepper Bridge vineyards, this wine shows intriguing aromas of anise, cassis, herb and woodspice. It still seems to be in its shell. The flavors are dense and supple, rich but restrained with the tannins combed to a fine sheen."		91	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Pepper Bridge 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pepper Bridge
US	"Made without oak, this wine is brisk with acidity, with citrus, gooseberry and white pepper flavors. A touch of ammonia makes it challenging."		82	20	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Christina Pickard	@winewchristina	Keating 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Keating
France	"Aromas of this wine show considerable wood. On the palate, the wood is very present, giving acidity as well as layers of toast and spice. Hints of yellow fruit show through, suggesting the possibility of a ripe, rich wine in the future. Drink from 2019."	Bastion Premier Cru	90	59	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2013 Bastion Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Chardonnay	Chanson Père et Fils
Portugal	"This wine shows the characteristic granitic texture of the region. Berry fruits smother the firm tannins to give a rich, juicy wine that's bold, ripe, and ready to drink."	Aliança	88	8	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Aliança 2011 Aliança Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Caves Aliança
US	"A wine marking the 50th anniversary of Robert Mondavi Winery's founding, this shows the grandeur of the man, the vineyard and the vintage. Full bodied and robust, it's intense in bark, tar and black licorice, with dottings of coconut. Aromatically inviting, it's dusty and soft, with acres of complexity and structure. Enjoy it in 2023 and beyond."	To Kalon Vineyard 50th Anniversary Reserve	95	155	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Robert Mondavi 2013 To Kalon Vineyard 50th Anniversary Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Robert Mondavi
Portugal	"A properly rich wine that benefits from its wood aging to give a polished, minty feel to the plush black plum fruits. Solid tannins are easily enveloped by fruit, while retaining a firm structure. Keep for 2-3 years."	Monte da Cal Reserva	90	20	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dão Sul 2008 Monte da Cal Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Dão Sul
US	"Lots of juicy acidity and sour cherry candy and leather flavors in this dry, tannic Sangiovese. It can't quite rise above its rustic nature, but fatty beef and cheese dishes will help tame it."		86	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Castello di Amorosa 2009 Sangiovese (Napa Valley)	Sangiovese	Castello di Amorosa
US	"Grilled mushroom and a gamy note define this wine, from the highest point of the winery's estate. It's velvety thick, smoky, concentrated and forested in flavor, with strong accents of dried herb."	Thomas Road	88	85	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Iron Horse 2014 Thomas Road Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Iron Horse
Australia	"No doubt informed by winemaker Daryl Groom's California experience, this is a fine example of Australian Zinfandel, marrying briary berry fruit with subtle herbal notes and hints of vanilla, cinnamon and clove. The tannins are soft, yet the wine remains fresh on the finish. Drink now–2013."	Bush Block	88	26	South Australia	Barossa Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Groom 2008 Bush Block Zinfandel (Barossa Valley)	Zinfandel	Groom
France	"This Côte Chalonnaise appellation has done well in 2015 with its broad, ripe wines. This wine has the same character, with touches of wood and concentration from old vines. It is rich, the yellow fruits cut with some acidity. Drink this full, ripe wine wine from 2019."	Vielles Vignes Premier Cru	89	39	Burgundy	Montagny		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Arnaud Baillot 2015 Vielles Vignes Premier Cru  (Montagny)	Chardonnay	Arnaud Baillot
Italy	"Subdued aromas recall leafy undebrush, red berries and grilled herbs. The brisk palate offers red berry, espresso, mocha and clove alongside fresh acidity. It's simple but well made and will pair well with everything from grilled vegetables to mildly seasoned cheeses."		86	15	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria del Cerro 2012  Rosso di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Fattoria del Cerro
US	"This is arguably the winery's best Merlot ever. While it is not an ager, it is a lovely food wine that's dry, with crisp acidity. It expresses subtle flavors of cherry, red currant, tobacco and sandalwood flavors."	Flood Family Vineyards	87	20	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Rancho Sisquoc 2009 Flood Family Vineyards Merlot (Santa Barbara County)	Merlot	Rancho Sisquoc
US	"Golden in color, this is a creamy voluptuous white wine, fermented and aged entirely in new French oak. Melon, spicy nutmeg and fig build flavor around a core of thick texture and concentration, finishing in buttery toast."	Reserve	90	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	V. Sattui 2015 Reserve Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	V. Sattui
France	"This light, fruity, strawberry-flavored wine has good acidity, soft tannins and just a touch of softness from ripe fruit. It's ready to drink, but will be best from 2015."	Le Village	87	32	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri de Villamont 2010 Le Village  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Henri de Villamont
Portugal	"This wine is rich, full of black fruits. It has the typical Dão mineral texture that comes from the granite rocks of the region. A blend of Touriga Nacional, Tinta Roriz and Alfrocheiro, it is ripe while remaining balanced and with a crisp edge of acidity. Drink the wine from late 2017."	Jardim da Estrela	88	11	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Magnum Vinhos 2015 Jardim da Estrela Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Magnum Vinhos
Argentina	"This opens with off-putting aromas of cinnamon and air freshener. On the palate, this is chewy and creamy, with a ton of oak and jammy, baked berry flavors that finish sticky."	Estate Bottled	83	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Carmine Granata 2011 Estate Bottled Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Carmine Granata
South Africa	"This wine opens softly, with faint aromas of lemon-lime citrus and lean green fruit. The medium-weight palate offers a bit more concentration in green plum and lime tones, finishing pithy and somewhat bitter."	Schaapenberg Vineyard Reserve	86	35	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Vergelegen 2015 Schaapenberg Vineyard Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Stellenbosch)	Sauvignon Blanc	Vergelegen
Italy	"Aromas of red berry, clove and star anise emerge on this lively, light-bodied red. The easygoing palate offers tart cherry, white pepper and an orange peel note alongside lithe tannins and bright acidity."	Pèppoli	87	28	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Marchesi Antinori 2014 Pèppoli  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Marchesi Antinori
US	"Cocoa, nutmeg and cinnamon aromas, generous and broad fruit flavors like blackberry jam and dried black cherries fill up this full-bodied wine. The silky texture is backed with fine tannins, and a lingering finish that echoes the fruit and chocolaty spices."	Conoscenti	89	65	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Galatea Effect 2011 Conoscenti Syrah (California)	Syrah	Galatea Effect
France	"Subtle notes of tart red apple and red currant rise from the glass. They also feature prominently on the palate where their fruit expression is heightened by lively fine fizz. The body is light and inherently fresh, making this an ideal and very appetizing apéritif."		89	25	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Zinck NV Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Zinck
Spain	"Cedary plum and berry aromas are savory and ripe, but not overt. This feels layered and almost lush, with grabby tannins. Flavors of blackberry, baking spices, cocoa and mocha finish chewy, chocolaty and long. This is a serious Merlot to drink through 2019."		91	40	Northern Spain	Somontano		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Enate 2011 Merlot (Somontano)	Merlot	Enate
US	"A showy, exuberant wine, from the hot pink color to the fresh, jammy aromas to the just-sweet finish. However, it feels soft in texture and body, with mild cherry-candy and peach flavors."	Estate Bottled	86	14	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bliss 2013 Estate Bottled Rosé (Mendocino)	Rosé	Bliss
US	"Fresh, fruity cranberry and raspberry flavors penetrate through this vivaciously brisk blend of Cabernet Franc and Lemberger. It's fairly straightforward in style, but hints of herb and bramble lend a savory complexity to the midpalate. The finish is moderately long, marked by a spray of fine tannins."	Cabernet Franc-Lemberger	87	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Anthony Road 2013 Cabernet Franc-Lemberger Red (Finger Lakes)	Red Blend	Anthony Road
US	"This Chardonnay is extremely close in style and complexity to Gary Farrell's best single-vineyard bottlings, for a lower price. The wine is mouthwatering in acidity, with rich tropical fruit, peach and lime flavors."	Russian River Selection	91	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Gary Farrell 2011 Russian River Selection Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Gary Farrell
US	"High-toned and sharp, this Cabernet features sleek berry and cassis fruit. On the palate it feels both slightly hot and acidic; it needs decanting. If you like some spice and plenty of new oak, this is a good choice."		87	30	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Apex 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Yakima Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Apex
US	"This wine has a high-toned richness that presents as clean and linear. Briny olive notes define the opening aroma, while more developed pear, apple and peach flavors fill out the palate."		90	19	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fleur 2014 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Fleur
US	"Browned butter, toasted almonds, sea salt and peach blossoms converge for a compelling nose on this twist-top appellation blend. It's a full Chardonnay on the sip, with Meyer lemon peel, Gala apple and savory sea salt, all cut by a racy line of acidity."		89	25	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bernardus 2015 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Bernardus
Spain	"This varietal Syrah from the land of Garnacha is downright superb, and for $30 it qualifies as an outstanding value. Black cherry and ripe berry aromas are big and inviting, while the palate is thick, layered and still racy due to fine acidity. Flavors of blackberry, chocolate, vanilla and baking spice run for miles on the generous finish. Drink now–2016."		94	30	Northern Spain	Campo de Borja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pagos del Moncayo 2009 Syrah (Campo de Borja)	Syrah	Pagos del Moncayo
US	"Savory, smoky, sagey and floral, this wild and remarkable rendition of a Rhône-style blend is made from 50% Mourvèdre plus Syrah, Grenache and Counoise. Aromas recall grilled herbs and stewed berries, while flavors bring out sour cherry, chocolate and beef broth. It's full in body, with a firm and tannic texture."	Lucky Cash	91	25	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Lynch Wines 2014 Lucky Cash Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Lynch Wines
US	"This blend of 59% Cabernet Sauvignon, 23% Cabernet Franc and 18% Merlot offers complex, alluring aromas of dried herbs, flowers, dry chocolate and black currant along with a prominent mineral streak. The fruit flavors are elegant and supple in feel. A pleasing interplay between the structured tannins and acid creates a sense of tension through the lingering finish."	Tapteil Vineyard	92	45	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cadence 2011 Tapteil Vineyard Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cadence
US	"This wine is a blend of 39% Cabernet Sauvignon, 36% Merlot and 25% Cabernet Franc. It brings heady aromas of blackberry, black cherry, earth, herb and coffee followed by dense palate-coating dark-fruit flavors. The hedonism is dialed up and the finish won't quit. The balance is absolutely impeccable. Best from 2022 to 2030."	Super Substance Bx Klein Vineyard	94	75	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Substance 2013 Super Substance Bx Klein Vineyard Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Substance
US	"Shows the richness and balance of Stag's Leap Cabernets, with firm tannins housing solid flavors of blackberries, black cherries and black currants. Blended with 12% Merlot, it's voluptuous and delicious to drink now, and should develop bottle complexity over the next eight years."	ARTEMIS	90	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Stag's Leap Wine Cellars 2010 ARTEMIS Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stag's Leap Wine Cellars
US	"There are people out there who will love this big, blustery Cab, with its powerful fruit and oak, its bacon fat reminiscent of other high-octane reds under the Earthquake label. And there are those who will not like this wine at all, the alcohol all that will register and remain. This wine does not tread lightly."		85	26	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Earthquake 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Earthquake
US	"The flavors are ripe with blackberries and currants in this 100% Cab, and ample new French oak lends a fat, buttery, smoky richness. Yet there's a harsh, scoury mouthfeel that is pronounced. Rich grilled beef will help tame it."		87	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Hendry 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hendry
Spain	"This leans a little green and soda-like on the nose, but it picks up clarity and speed on the palate, which carries a tangy, citric snap. It tastes of citrus and lees, and the finish is medium in length and healthy."	Brut Reserva	88	21	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Agustí Torelló Mata 2008 Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Agustí Torelló Mata
US	"This blends vineyards from across the valley, successfully capturing a compact and full-bodied explosion of black cherry and chocolate that benefits from bright, balanced acidity. Though offering depth and concentration, it finds a focused freshness that adds length and breadth."		94	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Davies 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Davies
US	"Coconut macaroon and blueberry and blackberry preserves make for a juicy, satisfying mountain-grown wine that sparks in black pepper, before finishing full of fresh acidity and complexity. Light bodied and restrained in oak and tannin, it's ready to enjoy now."		92	68	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	En Garde 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	En Garde
US	"Rich, evocative, lush with aromas of earth, coffee, chocolate, mocha—scents that suggest excellent evolution ahead. Right now the fruit is primary, tart, raspberry and cherry, and not yet smoothed into the greater whole. But all the potential and pieces are there."		90	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Va Piano 2008 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Va Piano
US	"Medium weight and roundly fruity, this pleasant wine carries a touch of minerality. It's slightly dilute, and there is a suggestion of water cracker resonating through the finish."	Wadenswil Clone	88	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amalie Robert 2012 Wadenswil Clone Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Amalie Robert
US	"A “wow” wine that will dazzle most Cabernet lovers. It's so rich in blackberries, blueberries, milk chocolate and oaky nougat, it's almost like a candy, except that for all the perceived sweetness, it's dry. The texture is soft enough to drink now."	Corley State Lane Vineyard	90	65	California	Yountville	Napa			Monticello Vineyards 2008 Corley State Lane Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Yountville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Monticello Vineyards
US	"This head-turning wine was made from vines planted in the 1970s and 1990s—a selection that shocks with its complex beauty. Pine forest and Christmas spice notes accent cranberry, rhubarb and tart citrus flavors, all seemingly infused with seductive smoke. At its juicy core is an earthy, mushroomy component."	Rochioli Vineyard	95	75	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gary Farrell 2015 Rochioli Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Gary Farrell
US	"Named for nickel's number on the periodic table, this hillside vineyard site is located across Lake Hennessey on the eastern edge of the valley. Entirely varietal, it offers juicy layers highlighted in cedar, mountain sage and mellowed chocolate. The oak and tannin are well integrated and deeply embedded, providing support and structure."	Element 28	91	130	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Nickel & Nickel 2013 Element 28 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Nickel & Nickel
New Zealand	"From the Awatere subsection of Marlborough, this wine is all about balance and tang. The nose offers cantaloupe, white peach and a welcome hint of green pepper. Tangerine and melon fruit mix on the palate, which is defined by its stony feel. The finish is ample and quite citrusy, and overall this wine features a bright, likable disposition."	Awatere Valley	90	16	Marlborough					The Crossings 2001 Awatere Valley Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	The Crossings
Chile	"Good Cab, maybe a touch herbal and light, but very solid. Early aromas of cola, leather and blackberry show some herbal, green notes. But the tomato leaf character is not dominant or unappealing, thus in the end this displays classic Chilean Cabernet qualities on a light, agile frame. Drink now."	La Porfia Grand Reserve	87	17	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Botalcura 2005 La Porfia Grand Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rapel Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Botalcura
US	"This Pinot Noir project from the Napa Valley's Hall family starts with dense and inky core aromas of ripe raspberry and black tea, with a touch of vanilla. Once sipped, the flavors verge toward black cherry and blackberry, with very liqueur-like chocolate and a pronounced and lasting spice element."	Rita's Crown	92	65	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Walt 2012 Rita's Crown Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Walt
US	"Tastes unnatural and manipulated, with sugary sweet orange and apricot jam fruit flavors, highlighted by uncomfortably sour acidity."		82	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Frog's Leap 2010 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Frog's Leap
US	"This tastes a little unripe, with a green mint and vegetal streak that cuts across the flavors of raspberry and sweet toasty oak. Rich meats and cheeses will help tame the acids. It doesn't seem to be an ager, so drink up."	Reserva Oro Rojo Estate Gold Coast Vineyard	86	50	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Costa de Oro 2010 Reserva Oro Rojo Estate Gold Coast Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Costa de Oro
US	"This wine has classic style, showing a rather light, traditional color and woodsy, earthy, herbal aromas, with tantalizing and complex fruity and savory flavors. A firm texture and flavor complexity highlight elegance rather than ripeness. It was aged in barrels whose staves were seasoned four years before assembling."	Wiley Vineyard	92	49	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bravium 2013 Wiley Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bravium
Italy	"Fragrant purple flower, ripe black-skinned fruit and dark spice aromas slowly emerge on this savory blend of 90% Cabernet Sauvignon, 5% Merlot and 5% Sangiovese. Full bodied and succulent, the smooth structured palate delivers crushed raspberry, black currant, star anise and chopped mint alongside a backbone of firm polished tannins. Drink 2018–2024."	Sammarco	93	117	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello dei Rampolla 2012 Sammarco Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castello dei Rampolla
France	"Still dominated by its new wood aromas, this is a fine, structured wine that is only just setting out. It has fine weight, rich blackberry fruits and dark tannins. The spicy wood still needs to integrate, so drink from 2017."		90	33	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bel-Air Ortet 2010  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Bel-Air Ortet
Portugal	"This is a young, fruity wine with fine acidity and plenty of red-fruit flavors. Light spice, generous tannins and a hint of wood all contribute to a balanced wine that is ready to drink."	Toutalga	85	8	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Agricola Santos Jorge 2014 Toutalga Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casa Agricola Santos Jorge
US	"Winemaker Bradley Brown manages to capture all of the redwood forest-like spice of this region in his lithe bottlings. This one offers fresh pomegranate and rose petal on the nose, plus woody touches of sandalwood and cedar. Bright acidity kicks off the sip, dropping into pencil shavings, thyme and cola, with dried raspberry fruit that runs from end to end."	Lester Family Vineyard	95	48	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Big Basin 2014 Lester Family Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Big Basin
France	"Opens with a classic nose of cream, citrus and spice, giving way to cotton candy, cardamon and café latte in the mouth. The crisp, dry finish of roasted nuts is attractive but doesn't really linger."	Kaefferkopf Vielles Vignes Grand Cru	85	55	Alsace	Alsace				Jean-Baptiste Adam 2007 Kaefferkopf Vielles Vignes Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Jean-Baptiste Adam
US	"High-toned aromatics complement aggressive, unintegrated flavors of raw wood. It's lumber, not toast, that you taste, along with bitter tannins and little evidence of ripe fruit."	Premier Cuvée	84	85	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Wetzel Estate 2012 Premier Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Wetzel Estate
US	"Coming from a warm site in a warm vintage, this wine offers aromas of butter and baked apple. The palate yields lightly creamy flavors. The concentration is pulled back but what's there is quite pretty."	Estate Vineyards	86	14	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Jones of Washington 2014 Estate Vineyards Chardonnay (Wahluke Slope)	Chardonnay	Jones of Washington
US	"Showing classic Santa Lucia highlights of enormously ripe cherries, Asian spices and acidity, this wine flatters the palate with the sheer force of its fruit and new oak. It's a young, fresh, vibrant wine that's at its best now."	Rosella's Vineyard	90	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Bernardus 2005 Rosella's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
France	"This rich wine balances ripe yellow fruits with intense citrus acidity in a harmonious whole. Its structure is laden with minerality, toast and a smooth, delicious creamy aftertaste."	Les Pucelles Premier Cru	94	260	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Leflaive 2009 Les Pucelles Premier Cru  (Puligny-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Domaine Leflaive
US	"Generous flavors with a full body add up to a very likable, mouthfilling wine that will love a juicy steak or grilled lamb chop. Almost-sweet spices like vanilla and nutmeg come out in the aroma and persist through the fresh black cherry flavors and finish."	Cherokee Lane	87	12	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Tortoise Creek 2012 Cherokee Lane Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tortoise Creek
Chile	"This value-priced wine struts like it comes from a better neighborhood. The nose is clean and is centered on berry fruit, while the palate is medium in size, with creamy, sweet berry flavors. Mildly medicinal and candied, but good overall."	120	85	8	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2008 120 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Rita
US	Pressed black plum and crushed dill team up for a lively and fresh nose on this bottling that also offers tobacco and coffee aromas. Woody cedar flavors lead the palate that is full of lighter-toned strawberry and red-plum fruit. Black pepper adds spice and pencil lead adds minerality.	Reserve	88	75	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lorenzi Estate 2012 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Temecula Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lorenzi Estate
US	"Dry and acidic. If you're looking for a rich, opulent Chardonnay, go elsewhere. This one's citrusy and minerally, in the manner of an elegant Chablis. It offers a useful alternative to the modern, ultraripe, oaky style."	Estate	87	28	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast			Holman Ranch 2010 Estate Chardonnay (Carmel Valley)	Chardonnay	Holman Ranch
France	"Full and ripe, the wine has smooth flavors of apricots, ripe apples and pears and a structure that includes wood tastes. It's a rich wine, hinting at spice and showing fresh, juicy acidity at the end. Drink until 2019."	Grande Fumé	91	37	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fournier Père et Fils 2010 Grande Fumé  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fournier Père et Fils
US	"Aromas of sugared plums, herbs and black currants lead to black- and blue-fruit flavors that are surprisingly soft. One misses the tannins Cabernet is known for but it makes up for it elsewhere."	Chateau Smith	88	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Charles Smith 2013 Chateau Smith Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Charles Smith
Austria	"Very subtle hints of ripe pear on the nose lead to a citrus-dominated palate that has a pleasant bitter-almond edge and a finely textured midpalate. Nonetheless, the zesty freshness is the main feature of this tricky vintage. This is Pinot Gris but not as you know it—here it has the slender verve of a stony, steep site."	Gola	91	22	Südsteiermark			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Wohlmuth 2014 Gola Pinot Gris (Südsteiermark)	Pinot Gris	Wohlmuth
Italy	"Alluring scents of wild berry, moist earth, truffle and grilled herb unfold in the glass. The vibrant, light-bodied palate offers juicy red cherry, chopped mint and star anise alongside lithe, polished tannins and bright acidity."		88	16	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Radda 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Castello di Radda
US	"This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot and Cabernet Franc shows all the charms of the 2007 vintage. It's an opulent, delicious wine, immediately likeable now for its broad array of blackberry, cherry, raspberry, mocha, cassis and new oak flavors. The tannins are soft, but strong enough to protect this wine for the next six years at the very least."	Elivette	94	125	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Spring Mountain Vineyard 2007 Elivette Red (Spring Mountain District)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Spring Mountain Vineyard
Austria	"The merest touch of apricot caresses the vanilla and hazelnut notes of fine oak. The palate, on the other hand, conveys power and concentration, held tight and taut by lemon freshness. This will take a little while in bottle to unfold and should entice lovers of Chardonnay with its combination of bright freshness and lush fruit."	Kreuzgang	92	39	Wagram			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Anton Bauer 2015 Kreuzgang Chardonnay (Wagram)	Chardonnay	Anton Bauer
US	"Rich, lusciously concentrated black plum and cherry flavors are accented with spice and smoke in this bold, Merlot-heavy blend. Framed with fine, chalky tannins, it's supple and silky in mouthfeel with a moderately long finish."	Dos Aguas	88	30	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Macari 2010 Dos Aguas Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Macari
US	"Baking spice, vanilla, dill and cherry aromas lead to a mixture of barrel and fruit flavors, with the oak tannins bringing a sense of astringency."		85	17	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Maryhill 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Maryhill
Italy	"Big and muscular, this opens with aromas of blackcurrant, grilled pepper and exotic spice. The solid palate delivers grilled porcini mushroom, roasted coffee bean and prune alongside teeth-coating tannins."		88	50	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Secondo Marco 2008  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	Secondo Marco
France	"Dominated by Grenache (60%), this wine is soft and easily fruity. Along with attractive flavors of red fruits, pear and citrus, it has a light tang of lime zest and a ripe, full-bodied aftertaste."	L'Esprit de Provence	89	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Grand Cros 2015 L'Esprit de Provence Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine du Grand Cros
US	"Although this is from the Sonoma Coast appellation, it's high elevation, so the vineyard is often above the fog that plagues the lower Russian River Valley. As a result, the wine is quite ripe and forward in jammy raspberries, cherries, licorice and cola. New French oak adds the usual smoky, vanilla accents."	Clone 828	89	55	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Halleck 2006 Clone 828 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Halleck
US	"Leonetti's 2009 Reserve—92% Cabernet Sauvignon and 8% Merlot—is a simpler blend than in past vintages, and it seems to mark a return to the style of wine that built the winery's reputation initially. Powerfully, lavishly oaky, with a ripe, chewy black-fruit flavor, it is bursting with notes of black cherry, cassis, dark chocolate and a hint of butter. Though not quite as graceful or detailed as the regular Cabernet, this is the more potently expressive of the two flagship Leonetti reds."	Reserve	94	140	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Leonetti Cellar 2009 Reserve Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Leonetti Cellar
Spain	"Aromas of black cherry, cassis and alfalfa are ripe and appealing. This is 95% Monastrell with 5% Garnacha; the palate feels ripe, fresh and free-flowing, while flavors of blackberry and chocolate are moderate but appealing. A long, toasty, blackened finish is in excellent shape; drink through 2020."	X Alphabet Wines	91	25	Levante	Yecla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Purísima 2010 X Alphabet Wines Red (Yecla)	Red Blend	La Purísima
US	"An attractive spicy, floral perfume joins rich fruit and spice flavors in this full-bodied, almost thick but luxuriously textured wine. An abundance of enticing oak aromas and flavors mingle with ripe cherry and blackberry notes, while piles of fine-grained tannin give a velvety mouthfeel."	Ottimista Vineyard	91	26	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Amador Cellars 2013 Ottimista Vineyard Sangiovese (Amador County)	Sangiovese	Amador Cellars
Chile	"Here's a good example of a value Chardonnay. It's clean and fruity, with spicy apple flavors, a focused and lengthy finish, and proper acidity. The whole is better than its parts."		86	6	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Walnut Crest 2001 Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Walnut Crest
US	"This unusual wine offers aromas of nori, dried flowers, bittersweet chocolate and cherry cola. It's full flavored with a lightly tacky feel."	Wallula Vineyard	87	60	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Boudreaux Cellars 2011 Wallula Vineyard Syrah (Horse Heaven Hills)	Syrah	Boudreaux Cellars
Portugal	"This is a light, fruity wine with fresh red berry flavors and soft tannins. It has a cool feel from the nearby Atlantic Ocean, giving a bright, character and a wine that's ready to drink."	Quinta de Bons-Ventos	85	10	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2013 Quinta de Bons-Ventos Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
US	"If you like your white wines fruity and sweet, this one's for you. It has pretty flavors of peaches, honey and spices."		83	9	California	California	California Other			Coastal Ridge 2010 Riesling (California)	Riesling	Coastal Ridge
US	"This seems candy-sweet with flavors of raspberry, red licorice and spice. Simple, it is fine for everyday drinking."		84	16	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Sextant 2010 Zinfandel (Central Coast)	Zinfandel	Sextant
US	The volatiles are quite amped on this wine. It makes it a struggle to get at the tart black cherry flavors.		84	34	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Martinez & Martinez 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Martinez & Martinez
US	"This was 40% barrel-fermented, and carries a whiff of oak in the aroma. Apple scents and flavors follow. It's fresh, forward and fruity, with simple, straightforward flavors."		85	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mercer Canyons 2012 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Mercer Canyons
US	"There's a nice purity of fruit on the nose of this appellation blend, with strawberry, cranberry and pomegranate notes enhanced by turned earth and slate. The palate is crisp and driven by cranberry, with a touch of orange-rind tang and a pencil-shaving element on the finish."		88	36	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talley 2013 Pinot Noir (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Pinot Noir	Talley
France	"Ripe and creamy in apple and pear fruitiness, this is cut by just the right amount of acidity. It's balanced, with fruit and and bright steeliness working well together. Drink from 2016."	Fourchaume Premier Cru	91	40	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Simonnet-Febvre 2012 Fourchaume Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Simonnet-Febvre
Chile	"Angular plum and berry aromas are rubbery. This Syrah feels wide and blocky, but solid. Black-fruit flavors finish with drawing tannins and a shot of black coffee."	Speical Edition Reserva	86	11	Lontué Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Cima 2013 Speical Edition Reserva Syrah (Lontué Valley)	Syrah	Alta Cima
US	"An awesome Pinot Noir—it's hard to find words to describe its beauty. It's bone dry and rich in stimulating acidity, and the cherry and raspberry fruit flavors have an earthy, mushroomy quality that grounds the wine and gives it a real sense of terroir. Shows the fleshy attractions of the amazing '07 vintage, with an undisputed capacity to age. Now–2017, at least."	Trenton Estate Vineyard	97	52	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Joseph Swan Vineyards 2007 Trenton Estate Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Swan Vineyards
US	"A very streamlined Chardonnay, this bottling from a vineyard southwest of the Sta. Rita Hills shows aromas of chalk, Meyer lemon slices, white flowers and apple pie crusted with almond and coconut flakes. Persistent acidity carries the palate into flavors of gravel, lemongrass, lime and lemon-lime."		91	50	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	JCR 2015 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	JCR
US	"Winemaker Adam Henkel inherited this vintage's barrels, but puts together a tasty blend, showing cracked peppercorns, obsidian-like rocks, layers of blackberry and a slight hint of green pepper. Pasilla chile opens the palate, which unfolds with boysenberry and blackberry, staying evenly balanced the entire sip."	Fletcher's	90	75	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Westerly 2011 Fletcher's Red (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Westerly
Italy	"Made with 65% Chardonnay, 15% Sauvignon, 10% Pinot Grigio and 10% Pinot Bianco, this elegant white offers aromas of white flower, tropical fruit, mint and whiffs of toasted oak. The structured palate delivers Golden Delicious apple, vanilla, oak and lemon zest. A mineral note closes the lingering finish."	Appius	90	108	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cantina Produttori San Michele Appiano 2012 Appius White (Alto Adige)	White Blend	Cantina Produttori San Michele Appiano
France	It's almost worth buying this bottling just for the extravagant medieval label design. Luckily the wine is lives up to the heraldic billing. It is rich while also well structured. Juicy berry fruits and fresh black currant acidity show well against a still-tannic structure. The wine comes from the Moreaud family. Drink from 2017.		90	40	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Cormeil-Figeac 2012  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Cormeil-Figeac
US	"Tart and slender, this is deceptive; at first it seems a little thin, but as it opens in the glass into a succulent, well-defined, racy wine with citrus and peach, mineral and herb. It's not delicate, but its muscularity is concealed behind elegant styling."	Her Silhouette	90	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amalie Robert 2009 Her Silhouette Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Amalie Robert
US	"This blend of 53% Mourvèdre, 42% Grenache and 5% Cinsault mixes up fresh raspberry fruit aromas with mint, light licorice, charred meats, white pepper, lavender and bouquet garni. The palate centers on strawberry and raspberry, balanced by plum-peel tannins and seasoned with sage, anise and chaparral herbs. It's a very versatile Rhône blend."	Z Cuvée	92	20	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2011 Z Cuvée Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Zaca Mesa
France	"A wine from a tiny premier cru that is literally situated at a crossroads. It displays the smoothness and richness that come with wood aging, as well as concentrated tannins to support the generous fruit. Black plums and strawberries give a dense wine that will age. Drink from 2018."	Aux Echanges Premier Cru	94	130	Burgundy	Chambolle-Musigny		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Alex Gambal 2011 Aux Echanges Premier Cru  (Chambolle-Musigny)	Pinot Noir	Alex Gambal
US	"Aged entirely in neutral French oak, this wine takes a light, simplistic approach in its presentation of golden honey apple and pear flavor."		85	28	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bowman Cellars 2015 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Bowman Cellars
US	"This is a beautifully floral, high in acidity white made in small quantities that offers classically lean layers of wet stone and lemon. With a low imprint of oak, it remains structured on the palate and entirely pleasing from start to finish, its honeysuckle aromas singularly inviting."		90	40	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Renteria 2013 Chardonnay (Los Carneros)	Chardonnay	Renteria
France	"This wine has both great richness and a cool, stylish side. It's structured, with a strong streak of minerality as well as as spice and pepper. It has a cool, restrained feel at the moment, waiting for the time to burst out with its complex structure. Hold at least until 2017."	Furstentum Grand Cru	93	45	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Bott-Geyl 2012 Furstentum Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Bott-Geyl
US	"A hint of funk and a brambly character enhances this bright, textured wine. The fresh berry flavors carry light touches of baking spice, bark and toast. The tannins remain a bit stiff and should soften up a bit with further bottle age. Every element is in perfect proportion."	Lange Estate Vineyard	92	70	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lange 2012 Lange Estate Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Lange
US	"A young, freshly fruity wine, with a gassy berry-cherry liveliness and silky texture similar to Beaujolais. The finish on this Tempranillo and Cabernet Sauvignon blend is dry and spicy."	Bandolero	86	32	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Daniel Gehrs 2008 Bandolero Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Daniel Gehrs
US	"This rustic wine is overripe in prunes and raisins, and hot in alcohol. It's also as sweet as a minor Port."	Altes Vineyard	82	42	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Willowbrook 2010 Altes Vineyard Syrah (Sonoma County)	Syrah	Willowbrook
France	"A fruity blend of Tannat, Syrah and Cabernet Franc that has berry fruits, a stalky texture and touches of wood spice. It's an easy, juicy wine, made fresh and ripe to be drunk now."	Aramis	85	10	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Aydie 2013 Aramis Red (Vin de France)	Red Blend	Château d'Aydie
US	"This Syrah shows the dramatic richness of almost any Stagecoach red. Midnight black in color, it's enormously extracted in blackberry jam fruit, with complex notes of grilled meat, black pepper, licorice, violets and subtle minerals. The tannins are huge, but furry and pliable. If you have to drink it now, give it a few hours in the decanter. But it should benefit by reposing until 2017 in the cellar."	Stagecoach Vineyard	91	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			MacLaren 2011 Stagecoach Vineyard Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	MacLaren
US	"This is 100% Malbec, so inky it is black in color. The flavors echo the color, with amazing density. Black fruits, black olives, smoke and spice are structured around thick tannins. A minute-plus finish adds licorice and mint; even after being opened for a full 48 hours this wine remained fresh and balanced. It's the first varietal Malbec ever from Walla Walla Vintners, but certainly one hopes it is not the last."		92	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Walla Walla Vintners 2005 Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Walla Walla Vintners
US	"Striking a balance between full-bodied fleshiness and refreshing acidity, this white is generous in pear skin, peach and lime, with noticeable oak supporting the fruit. It finishes light and bright, all the while exuding a bouquet of honeysuckle."	Rudy	88	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Von Strasser 2014 Rudy Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Von Strasser
US	"This small-production wine is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon with smaller percents of Cabernet Franc, Malbec and Petit Verdot. Pencil lead, cedar and tobacco leaf greet on entry before soft yet generous layers of tannin swirl on the palate, informed by a depth of blackberry. A mix of savory and fruity, the finish is subtle in white pepper. Cellar through 2022."	Private Stock 16 Rows	94	150	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Vine Cliff 2012 Private Stock 16 Rows Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vine Cliff
France	"This is a rich, intense wine, its spice and pepper characters mingling with ripe tangerine and peach notes. It is full, round and concentrated. The pure fruit character is delicious, though it could age a year."	Réserve	89	17	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Fernand Engel 2010 Réserve Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Fernand Engel
US	"At the age of nearly seven years, it's ready to drink now. It's soft and mellow, and the fruit is fading, leaving behind the taste of alcohol and raisins."	Coyote Crest	86	65	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Munselle 2006 Coyote Crest Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Munselle
Italy	"Grilled herb, dark spice, toast and leather aromas lead the nose. The palate is vigorous, marked by orange zest, dried cherry and thyme notes held together by tightly wound tannins."		87	17	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Salcheto 2015  Rosso di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Salcheto
US	"Green grass and gooseberry flavors accent flavors of sweet spearmint chewing gum and Key-lime pie on this Napa Sauvignon Blanc. There's bright acidity, though, making it a good companion to Southeast Asian cuisine."		84	17	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Honig 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Honig
US	"This Merlot is strong and jammy in cherries and blackberries, with some herbs and spices for interest. It's dry and crisp, a nice wine for drinking now."	DaKine Vineyard	87	25	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Longboard 2008 DaKine Vineyard Merlot (Russian River Valley)	Merlot	Longboard
US	"Lots of black pepper and other spice notes give this a zinginess that brightens and lifts the wild berry, bacon and Dr. Pepper flavors. It has a light-bodied purity that makes it easy to drink now."	Estate	85	15	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Clos La Chance 2010 Estate Syrah (Central Coast)	Syrah	Clos La Chance
US	"The first duty of a blush bubbly is to be delicious and elegant, and this one is, despite the full-bodied flavors from a majority of Pinot Noir. The wine is dry and complex, with flavors of raspberries, cherries, limes, buttery vanilla, yeast and smoky oak. Really good, and will develop through 2013."	Brut Rosé	93	42	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Gloria Ferrer 2006 Brut Rosé Sparkling (Sonoma County)	Sparkling Blend	Gloria Ferrer
US	"The fruit is sourced from the Thistle and Hyland estate vineyards. It's an intense, concentrated wine, with a complex mix of mineral, lime, apple and light tropical fruit. It's textural, creamy and impressively long."		93	48	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ayoub 2013 Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Ayoub
US	"A vibrant and lithe expression of cool-climate Syrah, this bottling shows crushed peppercorns, beef char, thyme, coffee syrup, potpourri and blackberry juice on the nose. The crisp palate is lively with peppery spice, with a base of tart elderberry juice layered with cooked lamb and fresh rosemary. It finishes with a healthy sense of pencil shavings."	Slide Hill Vineyard	94	45	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Storm 2014 Slide Hill Vineyard Syrah (Edna Valley)	Syrah	Storm
US	"This is a simple Merlot, but it's dry in style with tart sour-cherry flavors."		82	8	California	California	California Other			Round Hill 2011 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Round Hill
US	"Powerful punches of black licorice dominate in this stewy, chewy, generously oaked wine, grown on a mountainous appellation. It finds a softness and gentle fruit character midway through on the palate, finishing on supple notes of tobacco."		87	70	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frisson Wines 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frisson Wines
Argentina	"Damp earthy berry aromas are a touch murky. This feels bulky, grabby and tannic, while overriding flavors of coffee, toast and bitter chocolate make fruit a bit player. A choppy finish with hard tannins and herbal berry flavors puts this Cabernet in the midtier category."	Reserva	85	15	Mendoza Province	Valle de Uco		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viñalba 2014 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Valle de Uco)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viñalba
Portugal	"Produced from organically grown grapes, this is a young, fruity wine that has been produced to be drunk young. Light tannins and pure black currant flavors give the wine plenty of freshness and acidity. The wine is rich and ready to drink."	Art Terra	88	20	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas 2014 Art Terra Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas
US	"This Chardonnay in a box is the equivalent of four regular bottles, but it's not a very good wine. It's ultradry and acidic, with unripe, vegetal flavors that just approach citrus fruits."		82	24	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Monthaven 2008 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Monthaven
US	"Cocoa, vanilla, and cherry aromas are followed by abundant black-cherry flavors supported by grainy slightly astringent tannins. It needs some time to settle in."		88	36	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Pondera 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pondera
France	"A fruity and juicy wine, it also has a stalky, herbal element. That gives a fresh character to the wine while also showing lightness. The black currant fruits are strong and forward, with a hint of maturity that suggests this is for medium-term aging."		87	45	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château les Anguilleys 2011  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château les Anguilleys
US	"A very fine Pinot Noir, dry and elegantly constructed, but it needs a little time in the cellar. That's due to the tannins, which are thick and noticeable in the way they create an astringency through the finish. The flavors are exceptionally rich, suggesting cherries, raspberries and tobacco, with a welcome sweetness from toasty oak."	OFS	93	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			De Loach 2009 OFS Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	De Loach
US	"Fresh and fruity, Saracina's offers tart citrus, white peach and a long-lasting, oaky backbone, with textured mouthfeel and a level of concentration that calls out for food."		90	23	California	Mendocino County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Saracina 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Mendocino County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Saracina
Argentina	"Sharp and sassy for the most part, but with airing things improve a bit and you start to find red fruit and honest spice. The feel is lean and vibrant, with jumpy acids creating a crisp mouthfeel. Will settle somewhat but won't ever deliver much in the way of rich berry fruit or a chewy mouthfeel."		84	11	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terrazas de Los Andes 2007 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Terrazas de Los Andes
Chile	"Gritty roasted aromas of burnt meat and herbal black fruits set up a grabby palate that feels rough and tannic. Flavors of salty, herbal, roasted berry fruits are strained."	Reserve	83	16	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Patagonia 2014 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Maule Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Finca Patagonia
US	"Though labeled as Merlot, this smells more like Syrah which makes up 20% of the blend, with aromas of blue and purple fruit along with whiffs of smoked meat and dried herb. The fruit flavors are sweet and plump, backed by soft, luxurious tannins. It's enjoyable but doesn't seem varietally correct."		87	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Drumheller 2015 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Drumheller
US	"Youthful and compact, this shows a lot of unresolved oak aromas when first opened. Slowly more complexity emerges—rose petals, tart berries, anise, cedar and ground coffee. It's balanced, young and age worthy, but decant it if you plan to drink it anytime soon."	Estate	89	30	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abacela 2008 Estate Tempranillo (Umpqua Valley)	Tempranillo	Abacela
US	"Black-cherry-cola aromas along with lots of licorice and Dr Pepper spice show on the nose of this bottling from a relatively new winery in northeast Paso Robles. There is slight sweetness to the palate, with baked cherry and baking-spice flavors. Accents of dried blackberry, leather, dried meat and purple flower add complexity."	Reserve	89	35	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Record Family Wines 2014 Reserve Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Record Family Wines
Spain	"Dusty, yeasty and bready in the Champagne way, but with crisp apple as well. The palate is round and full, with dry, spicy apple and melon flavors. Finishes yeasty and toasty, with texture and length. A correct Cava with some complexity."	Brut Reserva Made With Organic Grapes	88	18	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Gelida 2008 Brut Reserva Made With Organic Grapes Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Marqués de Gelida
Spain	"This is a fine gran reserva from a great vintage. Aromas of vanilla, cedar, earth and spiced black fruits lead to a fresh pure palate with tomato-like snap. Cherry, cassis, tobacco and chocolate flavors finish smooth and clean, with just enough tannic grip. Drink through 2022."	Gran Reserva	92	30	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Baron De Ley 2010 Gran Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Baron De Ley
US	"This Cabernet blend shows the future of the new Coombsville region, which was officially approved as an appellation in 2011. It's a powerful wine with penetrating blackberry, currant and mocha flavors, while the structure is especially fine and firm."	Felicity	92	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Sodaro 2009 Felicity Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sodaro
US	"Luscious in candied, pastry-filling raspberries and cherries, with dustings of cocoa, cinnamon and vanilla, and a sweet veneer of smoky sandalwood. Could be somewhat crisper and better structured, but a delicious Pinot for drinking now."	Meiomi	87	25	California	Sonoma County-Monterey County-Santa Barbara County	California Other			Belle Glos 2008 Meiomi Pinot Noir (Sonoma County-Monterey County-Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Belle Glos
France	The disappointingly quiet nose gives way to a palate laced with bready notes. Citrus peel adds interest to the palate while crisp acidity gives the one-dimensional finish a lift. A bit of a letdown for the great Schlossberg vineyard.	Grand Cru Schlossberg	84	23	Alsace	Alsace				The Furst... 2004 Grand Cru Schlossberg Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	The Furst...
US	"This wine is a blend of Sangiovese (59%), Cabernet Sauvignon (32%) and Syrah. Toast, herb, cranberry and spice are followed by lush, ripe fruit flavors. It possesses a firm structure."		91	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Saggi 2013 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Saggi
US	"Ripe, rich fruit flavors and a handsome streak of spicy oak make this full-bodied Rhône-style blend luscious and tempting. Great fruit concentration and a nicely viscous texture team up with soft tannins and an almost-sweet finish."	Le Grand-Pere Estate Grown	91	46	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Naggiar 2013 Le Grand-Pere Estate Grown Red (Sierra Foothills)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Naggiar
US	"Sugary sweet and simple, with watermelon and watery raspberry jam flavors."	White	81	7	California	California	California Other			Barefoot Cellars NV White Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Barefoot Cellars
US	"What a surprise to find that this Riesling is bone dry. It boasts complex flavors of mineral, lime, Meyer lemon and orange zest, with fantastic acidity that awakens the palate and prepares it for food."	Kick On Ranch	88	24	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Ojai 2010 Kick On Ranch Riesling (Santa Barbara County)	Riesling	Ojai
Portugal	"A powerful, full-bodied and rich wine. Its tannins are already well balanced, layered within the dense black fruit. The wood aging brings hints of bitter chocolate and spice to go with its impressive fruit. This is a wine for aging over the next 4–5 years."	Monte Cascas Grand Reserva	93	38	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casca Wines 2009 Monte Cascas Grand Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Casca Wines
US	"This is a heavy-duty Cabernet, big in every way, with rich black cherry and cassis fruit, and dense, dark tannins. The long, slightly grainy finish reinforces the impression of raw power, yet the wine retains perfect proportion and is nicely differentiated from the other 2010s crafted by winemaker Chris Figgins."		95	89	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Doubleback 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Doubleback
France	"This wine teeters between superripe (bold black cherries) and overripe (raisined and browning black cherries) on the nose, but comes out very good in the end. It's full bodied and richly textured, with pretty notes of lavender and thyme accenting black cherry flavors and a long velvety finish. Drink it over the next several months."		89	23	Rhône Valley	Gigondas		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Les Trois Couronnes 2011  Gigondas	Rhône-style Red Blend	Les Trois Couronnes
US	"This simple, lighter take on the variety belies its ripe fruit, the weight of the wine taking on girth as it goes. Black cherry, spicy cinnamon and toasted oak intermingle on the palate, before a medium-length finish."		85	19	California	Carneros-Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Beaulieu Vineyard 2013 Pinot Noir (Carneros-Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Beaulieu Vineyard
Australia	"Coonawarra's not known for Sauvignon Blanc, but this is a very good example. It's medium in weight and dominated by citrus, but it also sneaks in some slightly tropical nuances before ending in a zesty, mouthwatering finish. Drink now."		88	22	South Australia	Coonawarra		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Katnook Estate 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Coonawarra)	Sauvignon Blanc	Katnook Estate
Portugal	"A ripe, soft wine that is packed with strawberry fruits. It is smooth with a creamy caramel texture that contrasts with the fruity acidity and crisp aftertaste. Drink now."	Lagoalva	86	20	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Lagoalva de Cima 2016 Lagoalva Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Quinta da Lagoalva de Cima
Argentina	"A little sweet on the nose, but also fairly scattered and unfocused. The feel is nice and the bubble bead is right on. But the flavors are centered around dull apple, and there seems to be a salinic element that makes everything taste a little salty."	Extra Brut	84	12	Other	Argentina		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cave Extrême NV Extra Brut Sparkling (Argentina)	Sparkling Blend	Cave Extrême
Italy	"This massive super Tuscan blend based mostly on Petit Verdot and Cabernet Sauvignon is thick, inky dark in color and particularly intense this vintage. Black cherry, spice, plum cake and leather are protagonists of the bouquet. The mouthfeel is smooth and incredibly rich."	Monteti	93	60	Tuscany	Toscana				Tenuta Monteti 2004 Monteti Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta Monteti
	"An interesting blend of indigenous Bulgarian and uncommon French varieties, this red wine is made from equal parts Melnik, Mourvèdre and Marselan. It offers aromas of red cherry, cassis and leather, while flavors suggest black cherry and tart cherry pie. It has fine tannins and a persistent finish."	Hrumki Melnik 55 Mourvèdre Marselan	89	25				Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Orbelus 2012 Hrumki Melnik 55 Mourvèdre Marselan Red	Red Blend	Orbelus
France	"Clean, poised, rounded notes of ripe, red-cheeked apples play on every front. There is something joyous and bountiful here. The frothy mousse accentuates the light-hearted but generous aspect on the dry but rounded palate, which also brings ample refreshment."		90	22	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Wolfberger NV Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Wolfberger
Italy	"Scents of leather, truffle, ripe berry and a note of crushed blue flower slowly take shape on this full-bodied red. The firmly structured palate delivers ripe black cherry, crushed raspberry, star anise, clove, tobacco and a note of grilled herb. Youthfully austere tannins provide the framework. Drink 2019–2029."	Riserva	94	55	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Molino di Sant'Antimo 2010 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Molino di Sant'Antimo
US	"Made from all free-run juice with no oak, this wine by 40-year veteran Frederic Brander shows candied lemon and lime peels on the approachable, inviting nose, along with fresh-cut apples and a growing passionfruit perfume. The passionfruit tang also shows on the palate alongside ripe limes and a lingering grassy note, held together by grippy acidity and pithy texture."	Mesa Verde Vineyard	92	32	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Brander 2014 Mesa Verde Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Brander
Argentina	"Dense berry aromas are muscular but low on complexity, meaning this is more big and bulky up front than elegant. Chewy, wide and bullish, with drawing tannins and snappy acidity, this delivers baked plum and raisin flavors. It finishes with fig and spice notes along with chewy tannins. Drink through 2017."	Atamisque	88	29	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Atamisque 2010 Atamisque Cabernet Sauvignon (Uco Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bodega Atamisque
Italy	"Baking spice, dried flower, dark-skinned berry and a whiff of coconut lead the nose on this straightforward Barolo. The firm palate offers dried black cherry, toast and vanilla alongside firm, tightly knit tannins."		89	59	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Rocca 2011  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Tenuta Rocca
US	"While the nose is exuberant and tropical with swirls of mango and pineapple, the palate of this dry Riesling is surprisingly dainty. Crisp pear and tangerine flavors are refreshing and easy drinking through a brisk finish."	Dry	86	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Swedish Hill 2013 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Swedish Hill
Portugal	"Vines over 50 years old are the background to this impressive wine. It's produced from a field blend of over 20 different varieties that assembled together give an enormous wine that's solid with tannins and lush fruits. With so much structure and concentration, it will need many years. Drink from 2018."	Reserva	94	70	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Passadouro 2012 Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Passadouro
Chile	"Super light in color, with aromas of grape skins, nectarine and briny seashell, this rosé from Carmenère feels highly citric and shearing. Sour-leaning flavors of tangerine and lemon finish with tang and enamel-peeling acidity."	Reserva	84	13	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Apaltagua 2015 Reserva Rosé (Maule Valley)	Rosé	Apaltagua
US	"This is a huge Pinot Noir—big-boned all around—tasting of warm climate fruit, with bulky tannins and a heavy oak presence. Let it open a bit to let out the dark plum and earthy spice flavors."	Filigreen	85	33	California	Mendocino County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Paul Dolan 2010 Filigreen Pinot Noir (Mendocino County)	Pinot Noir	Paul Dolan
US	"Quite light aromas of talc, lemon zest and mineral along with whiffs of tropical fruit lead to sleek, bright, focused and lemony flavors backed by zippy acidity. It should shine paired with ceviche or oysters."	Feral	90	20	Washington	Ancient Lakes	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Efeste 2016 Feral Sauvignon Blanc (Ancient Lakes)	Sauvignon Blanc	Efeste
Spain	"Funky and smelling of pine and tarragon. That aromatic sharpness carries straight to the palate, where the feel is narrow and the flavors are short and tangy, with little to no big-time berry fruit. Simply an acceptable underperformer that's tough and sharp."	Barrica	83	19	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca La María 2005 Barrica  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Finca La María
US	"The blend is 46% Cabernet Sauvignon, 42% Merlot, 11% Syrah and a splash of Cab Franc. This is nicely sculpted, with the typical plush midpalate, matching crisp red berries to butterfat. The fruit is sleek and has an underpinning of mineral and accents of fennel. Though the alcohol tops out at a hefty 14.7%, the fruit can handle it."	Riverbend Red	91	32	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Fielding Hills 2005 Riverbend Red Red (Wahluke Slope)	Red Blend	Fielding Hills
US	"Classic and yet distinctive in aromatics, this bottling from the Niven family's cool-climate vineyard shows cut grass, wet cement and a touch of struck match on the narrowly focused nose. The palate intrigues, with fresh-cut thyme and oregano lifted by a white pepper element."	Paragon Vineyard	90	13	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tangent 2014 Paragon Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Edna Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tangent
France	"You can feel the alcohol the moment the wine goes in the mouth. It is heavy, powerful, monumental and way too much. Dark tannins and a density that overwhelms are the dominant characters, with only a walk-on part for the black plum fruits. Drink this tannic wine from 2018."	Les Carrals	87	70	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chateau Quattre 2009 Les Carrals Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Chateau Quattre
US	"Pretty soft, in the manner of Paso Robles, and a little overripe, with a raisiny taste. But it's nice and dry and smooth in tannins, with rich blackberry fruit."		85	13	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Castoro Cellars 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castoro Cellars
US	"Sometimes in a challenging vintage such as 2009, it is the least expensive, blended wines that benefit most, perhaps because grapes normally destined for the single-vineyard wines are redirected. Here, rich fruit flavors highlighted with streaks of caramel and toffee get things rolling quickly. Berries and cherries, firm acids, pretty spice and a lingering butterscotch finish."	Yamhill Cuvée	91	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Serene 2009 Yamhill Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Serene
US	"A beautiful, brilliant but immature Cabernet. It's massively rich in blackberry and cherry pie filling, cassis, dark chocolate and fine, smoky oak flavors, wrapped into thick but fine, sweet tannins. Shows elegance and finesse despite the power, but needs time. Best after 2014."	Bone Ash Vineyard	95	76	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Venge 2008 Bone Ash Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Venge
Italy	"This single-vineyard Sangiovese—made with organically farmed grapes grown 1,470 feet above sea level—offers aromas of ripe black-skinned fruit, pipe tobacco, scorched earth, menthol and a whiff of leather. The full-bodied palate delivers dried black cherry, licorice, clove and ground black pepper alongside brooding tannins. Drink 2017–2023."	Il Puro Gran Selezione	92	150	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Volpaia 2011 Il Puro Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Volpaia
US	"Simple, with cherry jam, mint and cola flavors. Crisp coastal acidity makes it mouthwatering."		83	12	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Castle Rock 2008 Pinot Noir (Monterey County)	Pinot Noir	Castle Rock
US	"This 100% varietal wine offers aromas of barrel spices, mint, dried fruit and barnyard. It's full bodied but still shows good deftness."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	88	40	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	:Nota Bene 2011 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	:Nota Bene
US	"This tiny hands-on artisanal producer has a particular gift for expressing the fruit of the Maresh vineyard, which was originally planted 45 years ago. This new release is elegant and aromatic, with precise details throughout. Fresh raspberries, light chocolate, a hint of nougat and persistent length are all part of the equation. Drink now through 2024."	Maresh Vineyard	93	60	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kelley Fox 2014 Maresh Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Kelley Fox
US	"Bonterra continues to make great wines at affordable prices, all from organically grown grapes. With blueberry pie and clove predominating, the wine is tannic, super-structured, with a spicy finish. A good deal for sure."		88	16	California	Mendocino County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bonterra 2009 Zinfandel (Mendocino County)	Zinfandel	Bonterra
US	"Fistfuls of oak, heat and chocolate-covered blackberry form the basis for this hugely ripe, leathery wine that features a sideshow of tannin. Brick and licorice notes fill out the rest of the generously robust package."	Oakey Grande Estate	87	34	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pezzi King 2013 Oakey Grande Estate Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Pezzi King
US	"The most immediately accessible of Will's three Horse Heaven Hills wines, it brings notes of scorched earth, herbs, incense, toast and abundant dark fruit. The palate is densely packed with dark fruit, tart acids and firm, tightly coiled tannins with a beautiful sense of balance. A classically styled wine that should have a healthy life in front of it."	Champoux Vineyard	93	52	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Andrew Will 2011 Champoux Vineyard Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Andrew Will
Spain	"Ripe, earthy aromas of baked berry fruits, cassis and licorice lead to a chewy, stout palate. Oaky flavors of ripe blackberry and cassis are rooty and leathery, while this tastes of chocolate and fig on a broad finish. Drink through 2023."	HZ Abascal Vineyard	92	50	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de la Concordia 2011 HZ Abascal Vineyard  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Marqués de la Concordia
Argentina	One whiff and you can tell this leans towards overripe. Aromas of raisin and baked berry fruits are stewy and cooked. This feels much like it smells: heavy and baked. Flavors of raisin and prune finish similar.	1100	84	20	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Doña Paula 2014 1100 Red (Uco Valley)	Red Blend	Doña Paula
US	"Integrated acidity and ripeness allow for a Good & Plenty licorice-like note, accenting the fresh apricot and white peach flavors in this lovely, easygoing sipper."		90	17	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sivas-Sonoma 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sivas-Sonoma
US	"From a historic site planted in 1903, Hayne is perfumed in cherry and raspberry, full-bodied no doubt, yet subtle and nuanced in its plushy complexity and soft structure. Strong on the palate, with a tiny sprinkling of black pepper, it offers length and breadth that suggests further aging. Drink now through 2023."	Hayne Vineyard	94	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Carlisle 2013 Hayne Vineyard Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Carlisle
Italy	"Ripe dark fruit, leather and chocolate aromas lead the nose on this rich, full-bodied wine. The concentrated palate delivers layers of crushed black cherry, blackberry, cinnamon and clove. Accents of mocha and clove add depth while polished tannins give it a velvety texture. Drink 2015–2019."		91	40	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pietro Zardini 2009  Amarone della Valpolicella	Red Blend	Pietro Zardini
Spain	"Aromas include jammy strawberry and grassy green beans. The wine is lean in the mouth, with tart citrus and green-leaning red-fruit flavors. It finishes without complexity."	Conde de Valdemar Rosado	81	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Valdemar 2013 Conde de Valdemar Rosado Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Bodegas Valdemar
US	"This is relatively light, with straightforward fruit aromas, flavors of pomegranate and strawberry, and a smooth, soft texture."		84	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Gnarly Head 2013 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Gnarly Head
Morocco	"Deep garnet to the eye, this wine offers a nose of black cherry, cassis and butterscotch. It is a soft and easy-drinking red, with flavors of tart cherry, cranberry, white chocolate and pencil lead. Surprisingly deft tannins float on the palate into a bright pomegranate finish."		90	18	Zenata			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Ouled Thaleb 2013 Syrah (Zenata)	Syrah	Ouled Thaleb
Germany	"Smoke tones blow off revealing layers of tropical fruit encased in wax and lanolin on this bold, nuanced wine. It's dry in style with a luscious, creamy texture cut with shards of acid and lime-zest astringency. Finishes long and lean."	Scharlachberg Bingen Trocken GG	91	69	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Prinz Salm 2012 Scharlachberg Bingen Trocken GG Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Prinz Salm
Chile	"Rubbery, tarry, herbal berry aromas lead to a fresh, lean, somewhat acidic palate. Flavors of plum, red currant and green herbs finish with zest and juicy acidity."		84	10	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vaya Vadiso 2012 Merlot (Central Valley)	Merlot	Vaya Vadiso
France	"Soft and rounded wine, with rich peach and pineapple flavors. The wine is smooth, the wood aging adding a subtle touch of spice. The long, creamy aftertaste suggests a wine that is ready to drink."		87	25	Burgundy	Montagny		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2009  Montagny	Chardonnay	Joseph Drouhin
US	"Despite the trend for dry rosé, there's something to be said for a bright, berried sip accentuated by balanced sweetness. This wine hits just that spot of pristine, delicately sweet cherry flavor juxtaposed with zesty acidity and a spry, mineral feel."	Semi-Dry Rosé	89	18	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Harbes Family Vineyard 2014 Semi-Dry Rosé Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Harbes Family Vineyard
Australia	"A sweet attack of ripe fruit is the opener for a crisp palate of raspberry jam, set in a bed of soft tannins. Juicy and extracted, this is one to catch young."		85	12	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia				Angus The Bull 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (South Eastern Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Angus The Bull
US	"Abundantly floral and fruity, with loads of lavender, peony and sweet grapefruit notes, this is a dry yet remarkably lush and concentrated Riesling. Vivid acidity and lingering hints of lime skin, wax and lanolin add structure and complexity."	Dry	89	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Knapp 2011 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Knapp
US	"A rich, ripe Chardonnay, with tons of buttered toast, tangerine jam and vanilla flavors. Drink now."	Kinneybrook Vineyard	84	17	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Kunde 2011 Kinneybrook Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Kunde
France	"Tiregand has long been the big name in Pécharmant. Although the estate fell behind, it seems now to have managed to use a traditional approach to create a impressive wines. This wood-aged wine, with its mint aromas and dense yet elegant tannins, is a good case in point. Wait for 5–6 years before drinking."	Grand Millésime	93	42	Southwest France	Pécharmant		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Tiregand 2008 Grand Millésime  (Pécharmant)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Tiregand
US	"This well-aged release, from one of Oregon's premier vineyards, is soft and approachable, well-rounded with lovely plum and black cherry fruit holding down the center. Barrel aging adds baking spices to liven up the finish."	Temperance Hill Vineyard	90	34	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lumos 2009 Temperance Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Lumos
Italy	"This elegant wine boasts fragrances of violet, exotic spices, cinnamon and alpine herbs. The vibrant palate displays bright red cherry and crushed strawberry layered with truffle, clove and white pepper alongside brisk acidity and supple tannins. Drink 2018–2028."	Pisapola	93	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ascheri 2010 Pisapola  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ascheri
Argentina	"Opens with earthy, leafy aromas that can best be described as “mature.” Throw in tobacco and baked plum, and the picture is complete. The palate is concentrated and tight, with sweet, herbal berry flavors and caramel on the finish. Rugged and herbal as a whole but with good qualities; 50% Cabernet with 40% Merlot and 10% Malbec."	Calcura	86	20	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Antucura 2006 Calcura Red (Uco Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Antucura
US	"Quite light in color, this wine starts out reduced initially, followed by aromas of red fruit and herb. The tangy cranberry flavors are light and elegant, with the oak seemingly dialed back."	Abracadabra	87	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Brian Carter Cellars 2014 Abracadabra Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Brian Carter Cellars
Italy	"Aromas of roasted walnut and toasted bread crust lead the nose on this blend of Pinot Nero, Chardonnay and just a touch of Pinot Meunier. The palate delivers candied lemon zest, apple skin and a ginger note alongside tangy acidity and a persistent perlage. The fruit richness has evolved into tertiary sensations although it retains fresh acidity."	Madame Martis Brut Riserva	88	170	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Maso Martis 2004 Madame Martis Brut Riserva Sparkling (Trento)	Sparkling Blend	Maso Martis
US	"This creative blend of 64% Zinfandel, 21% Grenache, 11% Petite Sirah and 4% Syrah shows chalky cherry, nose-tickling violets and a bright bloodiness on the nose. The palate is framed with a tongue-tingling acidity, offering flavors of olallieberries, spicy peppercorn and a sanguine character throughout."	Oblate	88	42	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Guyomar 2012 Oblate Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Guyomar
US	"This is a dry, finely acidic Syrah, whose sour cherry and tart persimmon flavors have just a touch of smoky new oak. It's not offering everything it has, but hangs back a little, teasing with nuance and subtlety. A very good Syrah that's drinking well now and should age well over the next 5–7 years."		90	52	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Bien Nacido 2009 Syrah (Santa Maria Valley)	Syrah	Bien Nacido
US	"A strong Zinfandel, tannic, high in alcohol and fruity, and brimming with wild forest cherry and raspberry liqueur, exotic spices and sweet sandalwood. Drink it with a juicy cheeseburger, a spicy beef burrito and just a nice roast chicken."	Old Vines	86	22	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			St. Francis 2007 Old Vines Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	St. Francis
US	"Ripe grass scents meet with green pear, dill, thyme and gooseberries on the nose of this vivacious wine. It's very approachable and easy to like once sipped, with green-apple ripeness, pepperiness in the midpalate and delicious kiwi fruit throughout, altogether crisp and fresh."		89	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Asuncion Ridge 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Paso Robles)	Sauvignon Blanc	Asuncion Ridge
Italy	"You'll find aromas of resin, blue flower, spiced plum, leather and menthol on this boldly structured red. Densely concentrated and chewy, the palate delivers blackberry jam, black cherry extract, mocha, tobacco and a confectionery note alongside velvety tannins."	Senza Titolo	90	199	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Musella 2008 Senza Titolo  (Amarone della Valpolicella)	Red Blend	Musella
Italy	"Luminous and buoyant, this Chianti Classico (Sangiovese with a small percentage of Canaiolo) offers delicate notes of wild berry, cola and violets. It tastes like a traditional Chianti Classico should, although it is not overly intense or persistent."		87	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Vèscine 2005  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Vèscine
Australia	"A fruit-driven Cabernet, with cheerful, bright cherry-berry flavors. Tannins are firm but ripe, accenting the cassis-tinged close with a slightly dusty texture."	Cat Amongst the Pigeons Cat Walk	87	20	South Australia	Barossa		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Rosedale Wines 2009 Cat Amongst the Pigeons Cat Walk Cabernet Sauvignon (Barossa)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rosedale Wines
US	"Close in quality to Cabernets costing far more, this has elaborate blackberry, cherry and currant flavors. The all-important mouthfeel is dry and crisp, with fine tannins. It's not an ager, but shows plenty of class."	Grand Reserve	91	28	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Kendall-Jackson 2008 Grand Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kendall-Jackson
France	The wine is ripe and full of blackberry fruits. It has serious tannins still although these are well balanced by the fruitiness. The firm structure and wood aging flavor will soften over the next few years. Drink from 2020.		91	39	Bordeaux	Listrac-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Fourcas Dupré 2014  Listrac-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Fourcas Dupré
France	"Regarded almost as a Grand Cru in its own right, the Moutonne vineyard, wholly owned by Albert Bichot, is in a corner of the Vaudésir Grand Cru vineyard. In this sumptuous year, the wine is more generous, ripe yellow fruits than mineral texture. The acidity and the tangy aftertaste are a reminder that this is from cool-climate Chablis. Drink from 2023."	Domaine Long-Depaquit Moutonne	95	154	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Albert Bichot 2015 Domaine Long-Depaquit Moutonne  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Albert Bichot
US	"Made by Aaron Pott, this blend of 58% Merlot, 32% Cabernet Franc and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon is minerally and herbaceous, aged almost two years in French oak, half of it new, the rest seasoned. Cassis, pomegranate and peppercorn dance to the fore, supported by weighty tannins. Enjoy through 2020–2022."	Arise Proprietary	90	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Blackbird Vineyards 2012 Arise Proprietary Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Blackbird Vineyards
France	"A lifting menthol streak infuses the ripe red plum and berry aromas and flavors of this wine, with a nice minerality lingering underneath it all. Balanced with medium acidity and moderate but fine tannins, the wine's finish shows a cinnamon and nutmeg spice accent appears after swallow. Very drinkable now."		88	19	Languedoc-Roussillon	Minervois		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Hecht & Bannier 2008 Red (Minervois)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Hecht & Bannier
Portugal	"This is a rich, powerful wine. It is dense, with dusty tannins and great swathes of ripe black fruits. The acidity, crisp and generous at the same time, is well integrated with the fruit. Its solid, firm texture promises aging. Drink this serious, concentrated wine from 2019."	Quinta da Esperança Reserva	91	20	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Encostas de Estremoz 2014 Quinta da Esperança Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Encostas de Estremoz
France	"Sure it's a bit simple and fruity—the flavors run toward berries and citrus—but it's also cleanly made, with a slightly creamy mouthfeel and a soft, easy-drinking finish."	Eclat Carmin Rosé	84	16	France Other	Vin Mousseux		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Patriarche Père et Fils NV Eclat Carmin Rosé Sparkling (Vin Mousseux)	Sparkling Blend	Patriarche Père et Fils
US	"The bouquet of this wine leads with a note of smoky strawberry, followed by scents of raspberry, anise, toasted baguette and cocoa. It has mouth-clenching tannins that are typical of young, Nebbiolo-based wines, plus penetrating acids and an underlying sense of finesse. Dried herb and rock-like mineral inflections mark the finish."		87	20	Virginia	Monticello				Autumn Hill 2010 Nebbiolo (Monticello)	Nebbiolo	Autumn Hill
Argentina	"Formely known as Winemaker's Selection, this base-level Malbec is ultra purple and dark, with gritty, grapey aromas that are big but not all that well formed. The palate is heavy and tannic, with juicy, semi-green flavors of blackberry and boysenberry. Has power, color and size but not all the parts fit."		84	11	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Andeluna 2008 Malbec (Tupungato)	Malbec	Andeluna
US	"Lots of raisins, prunes and heavy baking spice show on the nose of this single-vineyard bottling, as well as hints of black pepper and shredded asphalt. Exotic figs and prunes also make an appearance on the palate, which is framed by a decent tannic grip."	Fitzpatrick Vineyard	87	46	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Leoness 2013 Fitzpatrick Vineyard Syrah (Temecula Valley)	Syrah	Leoness
US	"This Southern Rhône-style blend is half Mourvèdre, 32% Grenache and 18% Cinsault. It's a well-thought-out combination, with impressive minerality along with pretty berry and cherry fruit. Drink now or within the next five years."	Stone Tree SoRhô	90	33	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Helix by Reininger 2010 Stone Tree SoRhô Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rhône-style Red Blend	Helix by Reininger
US	"Sour berries hit the nose on the front end of this wine that also shows somewhat reductive aromas of teriyaki, beef char and dark chocolate. Rose buds and black cherry arise on the sip, as does a slightly sour, barnyard funk."	Eternal Bliss	86	42	California	South Coast		Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	TAO 2013 Eternal Bliss Cabernet Sauvignon	Cabernet Sauvignon	TAO
US	"Layers of smoke, toast and savory apples on the nose strike a contrast with the sweet melon and apple flavors on the palate of this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay. Reverberates to a rich, salted butter and toast note on the finish."		85	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Rooster Hill 2009 Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Rooster Hill
France	"This rich wine comes from the sheltered vineyards close to Mount Sainte-Victoire. The weight of the ripe fruit gives a full-bodied style with both acidity and a spicy, peppery character. This is a wine to hold for a few months and drink from late 2017."		91	17	Provence	Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Houchart 2016 Rosé (Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire)	Rosé	Domaine Houchart
Spain	"This is stylish and smooth up front, with tobacco, graphite, cedar and herbal notes to the bouquet. The mouthfeel is a bit jammy and chewy, with chocolate, licorice, mocha and blackberry flavors. A mild, creamy finish chugs along with coffee notes and ripe black-fruit flavors. Drink now through 2017."	Perpetual	92	70	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Torres 2010 Perpetual Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Torres
US	"Rich and thick in blackberry and licorice, this wine is also soft and juicy on the midpalate, with big black fruit, vanilla and leather. Integrated tannins remain chewy until the finish, when a taste of bittersweet chocolate comes into play."		88	32	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	G. Reedy 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	G. Reedy
US	"Stemmy in earthy pine and clove-like spice, this is a powerfully dense and delicious wine. It's on the higher side in terms of alcohol, though doesn't reflect it in bouquet or taste. Savory dark berry wraps itself around mushroomy truffles and black tea to linger on the tongue through a lengthy, weighty finish."	Sangiacomo Roberts Road Vineyard	91	58	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pali 2013 Sangiacomo Roberts Road Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Pali
US	"From Kimmel's cool Potter Valley vineyards, this 2010 Chardonnay has a lot to offer— refreshing lemon and grapefruit flavor, and a hint of orange peel amid its high-toned acidity. Lean and inviting with a richness on the finish, Kimmel is a name to watch in Mendocino Chardonnay."		90	32	California	Mendocino County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kimmel 2010 Chardonnay (Mendocino County)	Chardonnay	Kimmel
US	"The texture is off, resulting in a rustic feeling, despite lush flavors of raspberries, figs and sweet, toasty oak. Mainly the problems are jarring tannins plus alcoholic heat on the finish."	Pisoni Vineyard	86	70	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Bernardus 2012 Pisoni Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"Wild strawberry and a thicket of dense tannin belie a powerfully strong and elusive wine, still very much tightly wound, indicative of the vintage. A portion (35%) of the grapes were whole-cluster pressed, from tight-spaced, low-yielding vines. A little more oak was used than in most of the producer's other wines, helping to impart a spicy finish."	MK Vineyard	90	72	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Small Vines 2013 MK Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Small Vines
New Zealand	"Possibly just in a sullen phase, this reserve bottling from Craggy's home vineyard is dominated for the moment by smoke and cedar on the nose, and while there is some cherry fruit apparent in the mouth, it doesn't appear to be fully expressing itself. The impression is of a wine that's tightly coiled and may yet improve with another year or two of aging."	Te Muna Aroha	89	70	Martinborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Craggy Range 2006 Te Muna Aroha Pinot Noir (Martinborough)	Pinot Noir	Craggy Range
Italy	"Subtle aromas suggesting moist soil, violet, red berry and a whiff of leather come together on this light-bodied red. On the straightforward palate, lithe tannins and bright acidity provide easygoing support for juicy Morello cherry, clove and a touch of anise. Enjoy soon."		86	14	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Querceto 2014  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Castello di Querceto
US	"This is a big, rich, somewhat heavy Pinot Noir, stuffed with flavors of raspberry and cherry pie, red licorice and oak. It's impressive for its sheer volume, with zippy acidity that helps balance the high alcohol. It needs a few hours in the decanter to round off the edges, and it should hold in the bottle for several years."		89	55	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma			Aiken 2010 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Mountain)	Pinot Noir	Aiken
France	"This light wine offers attractive black currant fruitiness. Burnt tannins from the wood aging give it a bitter edge, although the aftertaste does bring back the freshness of the vintage."	Sélection	85	15	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Le Prieuré de Bellegarde 2011 Sélection  (Côtes de Bourg)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Le Prieuré de Bellegarde
France	"A readily available Corbières that offers ample black cherry and boysenberry juiciness supported by notes of earth and spice. The mouth is as ripe and juicy as the nose promises, with moderate weight and tannins. The finish  falls a bit short and is a touch confected."		85	11	Languedoc-Roussillon	Corbières		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Les Deux Rives 2006 Red (Corbières)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Les Deux Rives
France	"Campuget has been a reliable source of rosé for at least a decade, and the 2013 is even better than usual. It's now made in a pale copper hue, light, crisp and lean, with aromas and flavors of wet stone, citrus and underripe peach highlighted by a long, lime-driven finish."	Tradition de Campuget	88	11	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château de Campuget 2013 Tradition de Campuget Rosé (Costières de Nîmes)	Rosé	Château de Campuget
Italy	"This blend of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo has aromas of blue flower, underbrush, leather and spice. The bright, lively palate offers juicy black cherry, raspberry, black pepper and whiffs of cake spices. It's easy-drinking and well balanced with supple tannins and fresh acidity."		88	18	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Brunone 2010  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Il Brunone
France	"This wine sees only 10–15% new oak, which allows the gritty peach and tangerine fruit flavors to shine through, dressed up by hints of toasted hazelnuts. White peaches and a powdered talc texture give the impression of richness without excess weight. Finishes long, with notes of mineral and citrus."		88	42	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet				Louis Latour 2000  Puligny-Montrachet	Chardonnay	Louis Latour
US	"A beautifully fragrant but not overpowering oak aroma wafts up from the glass. The same sort of sophisticated spicy element joins in the flavors along with vivid black cherry notes supported by firm acidity, moderate tannins and medium body. It's built like a classic, but it costs much less."		87	9	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Insatiable 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Insatiable
US	"There are lots of complex, pleasing flavors in this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot and Malbec. It's bone dry, with rich flavors of blackberries, cherries, currants, spices and oak. Drink now as it doesn't have the structure for aging."		87	36	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Estate 1856 2009 Red (Dry Creek Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Estate 1856
Italy	"A blend of equal parts Vermentino, Fiano and Chardonnay, Le Zere offers thick aromas of honey, yellow fruit and butterscotch. A sour, spicy flavor moves the wine forward over the palate."	Le Zere	84	13	Tuscany	Maremma				Pieve Vecchia 2009 Le Zere White (Maremma)	White Blend	Pieve Vecchia
Spain	"This property is flying below the radar...for now. This is yet another excellent wine from Clos Berenguer. The nose is full of butterscotch and oxidized aromas of fine Sherry. The palate has a big feel, purity and fine acidity, while flavors of smoke, toast and oxidized white fruits finish waxy, creamy, oaky and long. This Garnacha-heavy blend would go great with fish or lobster done in a butter sauce."	Blanc de Botes	92	45	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Clos Berenguer del Molar 2007 Blanc de Botes White (Priorat)	White Blend	Clos Berenguer del Molar
New Zealand	"Leafy and nettle-like upfront, but deepening a bit on the palate to show nectarine, grapefruit and tomatillo notes. The only quibble with this medium-bodied white from the winemaker at Nautilus is that it seems almost a little sweet on the finish (the stated residual sugar level is 3 g/L). Drink now."		87	11	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Twin Islands 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Twin Islands
US	"A little more expensive than this producer's regular Chardonnay, it's worth it. Classic nutmeg and vanilla aromas lead to vivid and delicious flavors echoing baking spices, ripe apples and a touch of sweet cream. Quite full bodied, the wine's texture is also rich enough to encourage a lingering finish."	Gold	89	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Ménage a Trois 2015 Gold Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Ménage a Trois
US	"Gravel, asphalt and iron drive the minerally nose of this bottling, which also shows cigar box, cherry leather, stewed strawberry and chocolate-caramel aromatics. There is plenty of both tannic grip and vibrant acidity once sipped, with cherries, cranberries and oregano elements making for a saucy palate. Drink 2017–2025."	Honea	93	70	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Palmina 2008 Honea Nebbiolo (Santa Barbara County)	Nebbiolo	Palmina
Argentina	"Warm, earthy plum and tomato aromas turn horsey with airing. Flavors of spiced but lightly weedy red-berry fruits, tomato and herbs finish with a creamy, candied texture."		84	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gnarly Head 2014 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Gnarly Head
France	"A fragrant and fruity wine, this is full of red-raspberry and orange-zest flavors. It is full, with a light touch that comes from the acidity and tangy aftertaste."	Cuvée Tradition	86	22	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Gavoty 2014 Cuvée Tradition Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Gavoty
Chile	"Punchy out of the chute, this smells mostly of dry herbs and spiced plum. It's fresh on the palate, with good body and modest depth. Juicy plum and red-currant flavors finish lightly oaked, with peppery spice and acidic tang."	Single Vineyard	87	19	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilcas 2013 Single Vineyard Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Chilcas
US	"Made in the Bonterra style of exceedingly pure fruit, this Chardonnay brims with delicious tangerines and pears. It has pretty acids that make it feel clean in the mouth. A delightful wine made even richer with a touch of new oak."		89	14	California	Mendocino County				Bonterra 2009 Chardonnay (Mendocino County)	Chardonnay	Bonterra
US	"This is half Merlot, one third Syrah, with a bit of Cabernet and Petit Verdot as well. It's a very light, fruity wine, with no particular focus. Fine for near-term quaffing."	Sharp Sisters	85	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mercer 2010 Sharp Sisters Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Mercer
Italy	"Light, and seems mature already, with modest cherry and tobacco flavors and tea leaves on the finish."		83	10	Tuscany	Chianti				Piccini 2001  Chianti	Sangiovese	Piccini
US	"Good depth of flavor and a nicely tannic texture make this hearty wine interesting and appetizing. Earth, oak and chocolate waft from the glass and turn to substantive red cherry and red-currant flavors on the palate, while firm tannins and good acidity give grip to the mouthfeel."	Estate	90	26	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Naggiar 2014 Estate Sangiovese (Sierra Foothills)	Sangiovese	Naggiar
US	"A solid Zinfandel, dry and stylish. Not a blockbuster, just a well-crafted wine that offers nice berry, cherry, tobacco and spice flavors."		86	8	California	California	California Other			Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi 2010 Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi
US	"The wine offers a fantastic array of butterscotch, orange, pineapple, peach and vanilla bean flavors, brightened with vital acidity. But as rich as the wine tastes, it lacks a certain distinction."	Reserve	86	38	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Ca' Momi 2012 Reserve Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Ca' Momi
US	"There's funky earthiness to this otherwise ripe and full-bodied wine, a taste of raspberry and strawberry hulls contributing additional wildness. Cola and dark cherry contribute secondary flavors around moderate acidity."		86	40	California	Bennett Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frostwatch 2012 Pinot Noir (Bennett Valley)	Pinot Noir	Frostwatch
Argentina	"Grassy, herbal aromas contain little fruit, while this feels firm, with no give to the palate. Green, herbal flavors are low on fruit, and this ends with heat and scratchiness."	Petit Trez	83	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Deumayen 2011 Petit Trez Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Deumayen
France	"Pale orange-salmon colored, this wine has a really soft character. Its flavor is as light as its color: acidity and raspberry fruit in soft focus. Drink this refreshing wine now."	Domaine de la Vivonne Cuvée X	85	14	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Vivonne 2016 Domaine de la Vivonne Cuvée X Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château la Vivonne
US	"This young wine seems to be just coming out of bottle shock, and initially the flavors pull up short. It's showing strawberry and red plum with a bit of milk chocolate, sourced from Whistling Ridge, Durant and Bishop Creek vineyards. Just 10% saw new French oak. Give this elegant wine another year or so to smooth out, and drink 2017 through 2020."		90	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Goodfellow 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Goodfellow
US	"Principally blended from top sites that include Ciel du Cheval, Klipsun and Obelisco, this wine appeals with its fruit-forward aromas of black cherry, blackberry, barrel spice, herb and mineral. The flavors are rich but focused and well balanced, showing the brawny tannins that this region is known for. Just a baby now, it needs time in the cellar to grow up. Best after 2021."	Dead Horse	92	55	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Mark Ryan 2013 Dead Horse Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mark Ryan
US	"You want to give this wine 5–6 years in the cellar, at the very least, to let its components come together. At the moment, it's quite dry, acidic and oaky. Primary fruit flavors of raspberries and cherries should begin to develop bottle complexity by 2017."	Occidental Ridge	91	60	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Failla 2011 Occidental Ridge Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Failla
Portugal	"While there is plenty of fruit here, there is also a rustic, barnyard edge that is less attractive. The wood aging has produced some spicy flavors and tannins to give the wine structure."	Montaria Tinto Reserva	85	10	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Parras Vinhos 2013 Montaria Tinto Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Parras Vinhos
US	"A 100% Cabernet Sauvignon from the M5 block of Stagecoach Vineyard, the producer's own estate, this offers notes of pipe tobacco and tar, with shades of pencil lead and cedar bearing down on the palate. It's mouthfilling, with ample acidity showing through in the background followed by a long finish. Cellar through 2026."	Stagecoach Vineyard M5	94	150	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Krupp Brothers 2011 Stagecoach Vineyard M5 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Krupp Brothers
US	"This is a lovely Sauvignon Blanc that shows enough elegance and finesse to serve with fine food. It's dry and crisp, with citrus, lemongrass, gooseberry and mineral flavors. Nice with tempura appetizers."		88	26	California	Rutherford	Napa			Azur 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Rutherford)	Sauvignon Blanc	Azur
Italy	"A blend of Montepulciano, Merlot and Cabernet, this offers savory aromas of leather, tobacco, spice and dark fruit. There's a tangy note of cured meat and teriyaki on the close."	Diecicoppe	86	16	Central Italy	Colline Pescaresi				Pasetti 2010 Diecicoppe Red (Colline Pescaresi)	Red Blend	Pasetti
France	"The flint soil behind this wine gives it a stony, smoky character that is allied to the mineral texture. It's a ripe wine, still young with pure fruit and an intense acidity. The wine needs to age, so drink from 2018."	Corty Artisan Silex	89	25	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Patrice Moreux 2014 Corty Artisan Silex  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Patrice Moreux
US	"Merlot has long been Waterbrook's strong suit, and this offers the expected seamless blend of cherry/berry fruit, softly polished tannins and toasty barrel flavors. What are missing—at least for the moment—are the grace notes. Give it plenty of breathing time and you begin to detect traces of spice and earth, finishing with a lick of chocolate."	Reserve	87	22	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Waterbrook 2005 Reserve Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Waterbrook
Chile	"This Merlot smells rooty, with licorice and mint to boot. A wide, sort of flabby palate is, at its base, oaky as can be; there's also stewed plum and herbal blackberry flavors in front of a blocky, chunky finish."	Alpha	86	25	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montes 2011 Alpha Merlot (Colchagua Valley)	Merlot	Montes
US	"Crisp canteloupe rind and apple notes penetrate deeply on the palate of this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay. Whiffs of savory reeds and herbs distract a bit on the midpalate, but the lemon-lime finish is revitalizing and refreshing. Drink now–2017."	Atwater Vineyards	87	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Billsboro 2014 Atwater Vineyards Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Billsboro
Chile	"No, this is not a misprint. This $6 Chardonnay is a quaffer's dream. Aromas of apple and pear are clean and pleasant. On the palate, this feels round and balanced. Slightly salty apple flavors are steady on the finish."	120 Reserva Especial	87	6	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2016 120 Reserva Especial Chardonnay (Central Valley)	Chardonnay	Santa Rita
US	"A bright and relatively light expression of the variety, this wine imparts more red berry than black, with seasonings of cinnamon and nutmeg. Soft, smooth and unfussy, it retains solid acidity from start to finish, with a taste of vanilla custard on the finish."		88	24	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Balletto 2012 Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Balletto
US	A straightforward wine with light notes of red and blue berries along with oak accents.	Winemaker's	84	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Red Theory 2012 Winemaker's Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Red Theory
US	"While Testarossa specializes in single-vineyard wines, this basic appellation blend is solid. It's crisp in acidity and amply oaked, with powerful pineapple and peach jam, buttered toast and sweet vanilla flavors. This wine calls for dramatic Chardonnay fare, such as lobster and crab."		91	34	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Testarossa 2011 Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
US	"Made from Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, this is soft and rich. It's forward in blackberries, cherries, dried currants and mocha flavors, wrapped into firm tannins. Drink it now before the fruit fades away."	India Ink	86	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kuleto Estate 2009 India Ink Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Kuleto Estate
Italy	"Corbaia is a delicious blend of Sangiovese (70%) and Cabernet Sauvignon that shows compact but well-etched lines of forest fruit, bramble, cranberry and sharp, savory spice. The tannins are firm, tight and need a few more years to unwind."	Corbaia	91	65	Tuscany	Toscana				Castello di Bossi 2008 Corbaia Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castello di Bossi
US	"You get lots of Zinny character for the money in this wine. It's dry and full-bodied, with currant, raisin, prune, smoked-meat and black-pepper flavors that make it ideal for pairing with barbecued meats slathered in sauce."	Old Vine	86	10	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Kirkland Signature 2011 Old Vine Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Kirkland Signature
Portugal	"A ripe and structured wine, this has bold black fruits and balanced tannins that still need to soften. It has good potential with rich fruits and a tight mineral texture. Drink from 2018."	Aneto Tinto	90	12	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Sobredos 2012 Aneto Tinto Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Sobredos
US	"Brawny tannins meet mild acidity in this powerful, rich wine that's full-bodied and decadent. Chocolate, mocha and caramel notes are etched into its soft, rounded layers of generous red fruit."	Special Selection	90	180	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Caymus 2014 Special Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Caymus
Italy	"Gramolere (a vineyard in Monforte d'Alba with excellent orientation and soils) offers wide sweeping aromas of spice, cherry, red apple and white mushroom. There is some mature fruit here in the form of strawberry and raspberry and the wine offers a broader, wider nose than most. It carries weight and breadth in the mouth and will be ready to drink in a few years."	Gramolere	90	66	Piedmont	Barolo				Fratelli Alessandria 2004 Gramolere  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Fratelli Alessandria
US	"A relatively light color and a cinnamon-sugar aroma might indicate a simply fruity wine, but this turns more serious and lean in flavor and texture, suggesting tart cherry and cranberry. It brings firm acidity and tannins to the mouthfeel, for a refreshing, dry and restrained character that will be very food-friendly."	Mountain Selection	88	24	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Scott Harvey 2012 Mountain Selection Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Scott Harvey
Chile	"Viu 1 is pure Malbec, and this rendition is one of the more ripe and jammy versions on record. The color is pitch black, the nose is saturated and fully extracted, and the feel is almost syrupy. Flavors of prune and blackberry finish heavy and oaky, with a lasting note of raisin. Tasted three times with mostly consistent results."	Viu 1	90	90	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viu Manent 2010 Viu 1 Malbec (Colchagua Valley)	Malbec	Viu Manent
Argentina	"This is a top-dog Malbec from start to finish. Aromas of cassis, black plum and blackberry are well oaked and in harmony with each other. While this is tannic, rubbery and hard in feel, the wine's lusty plum, raisin, chocolate and herbal flavors can handle it. A spicy, toasty, chocolaty finish is fully oaked and strapping. Drink through 2023."	Pr1mum	93	65	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salentein 2013 Pr1mum Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Salentein
US	"Bristling grapefruit pith and gooseberry notes are concentrated and crisp on this bright, punchy Sauvignon Blanc. While delicate in body, partial skin contact seems to lend richness to palate, freshened by swathes of herb and orange blossom on the finish."	First Label	90	28	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Raphael 2014 First Label Sauvignon Blanc (North Fork of Long Island)	Sauvignon Blanc	Raphael
Italy	"This opens with a classic Nebbiolo nose of blue flower, rose, perfumed berry, new leather, cake spice and a balsamic note. The ripe, juicy palate delivers crushed black cherry, black raspberry, cinnamon, white pepper and clove framed in youthfully assertive tannins. Drink 2018–2027."	Massara	94	60	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Verduno 2012 Massara  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Castello di Verduno
Chile	"Melon and citrus scents blend with notes of crushed vitamins and lanolin. This feels round and smooth, with acidic kick that helps maintain balance. Melon and creamy flavors lead the charge, with a briny hint in the background. Drink now."	Vetas Blancas Reserva Especial	89	18	Limarí Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Tabalí 2014 Vetas Blancas Reserva Especial Chardonnay (Limarí Valley)	Chardonnay	Viña Tabalí
US	"Tart cranberry, wild thyme, olive and Indian spices show on the nose of this appellation blend, a great representation of the cool-climate styles this winery is known for. Kalamata olive and Mediterranean spices arise on the palate, with baked fig, orange rinds, preserved lemon and chaparral combining for a tagine-like expression."		92	42	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Presqu'ile 2014 Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Presqu'ile
US	"Aromas like melon and almond, then flavors like peach and honey make a sophisticated blend in this dry, light-bodied wine. It has vibrant acidity for good balance and richness in texture that lingers on the finish. The name refers to the egg-shaped concrete vats used for fermentation."	Dancing Egg	89	25	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	V. Sattui 2014 Dancing Egg Riesling (Anderson Valley)	Riesling	V. Sattui
US	"This red wine has brisk tannins that frame blackberry and currant flavors, with a meat note and lots of peppery spice. It's bone dry, and while it's a little rustic, it's easy to drink with lamb and beef dishes."		85	18	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Elements by Artesa 2009 Red (Sonoma County)	Red Blend	Elements by Artesa
France	"With good tannins and acidity, this wine has potential for improvement. Sulphur notes still show prominently at present, giving the palate a bitter character. Once it blows off with age, however, this will be an attractive wine. Give it two years."		85	14	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Pilet 2011  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Pilet
France	"Evocatively tender notes of Conference pear appear on the nose. The palate is ample with juicy pear and has a generous dollop of residual sweetness. Nonetheless, this is balanced by vigorous lively freshness, leaving a harmonious, rounded, light-footed and elegant wine with a moreish finish."		91	20	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Henri Schoenheitz 2015 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Henri Schoenheitz
US	"This wine has a nose of black fruits, mocha and toffee, and on the palate, warming spices, tart cherry and a touch of sweetness. The flavors aren't overly complex, but the wine is appealing, and the finish lingering."		84	35	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Shaw 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Shaw
US	"This is soft, full-bodied and richly tannic, with blackberry jam, beef jerky and spice flavors. A little sweet and direct, but a nice wine to drink with steak, chops, grilled chicken, even Mexican food."		87	18	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Mahoney 2007 Syrah (Carneros)	Syrah	Mahoney
US	"Firm and spicy, this well-crafted wine has the supple fruit and steely tannic spine to evolve nicely over a decade or more. Purple berries, whiffs of moist earth, a suggestion of brioche and unexpected chocolate truffle highlights keep it interesting all through the finish."	Brigita Clone 777	91	50	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Vidon Vineyard 2009 Brigita Clone 777 Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Vidon Vineyard
US	"Streaks of sweet cream and caramel accent delicate peach and apricot tones in this Chardonnay-dominant ice-style wine. Plush and yielding, it may come off a bit confected, but it's appealing nonetheless."	Block E	85	40	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Macari 2010 Block E White (North Fork of Long Island)	White Blend	Macari
US	"Black cherry, crushed concrete and spicy peppercorn show on the nose of this Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah dessert blend. There are luscious ripe flavors on the palate, including crème de cassis, black plum and prune, with a gravel-like minerality lending elegance. The high alcohol is well integrated."	Bulls Eye	88	40	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Galante 2014 Bulls Eye Red (Carmel Valley)	Red Blend	Galante
US	"Give this young, fruity wine a few years in the cellar. The flavors are all primary blackberry, blueberry and cherry jam. The tannins and a touch of espresso bitterness might easily help this Zin develop through 2012."	Rocky Top	87	17	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills			Sobon Estate 2007 Rocky Top Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Sobon Estate
France	"Earthy and rustic, this intensely tannic wine has a dry character. The fruit is all there, hiding behind this rough exterior. Allow the wine time to soften out and drink from 2018."		88	35	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Santenay 2012  Mercurey	Pinot Noir	Château de Santenay
US	"Dense, intense, concentrated and young, this wine is one for the cellar. It has tight aromas of cranberry, dried cherry and cardamom, while flavors offer ripe fruit character and a firm texture of fine-grained tannins. It should gain more complexity and smoothness after 2022."	Cimarossa Vineyard	94	95	California	Howell Mountain	Napa	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Mirror 2012 Cimarossa Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mirror
US	"Caramel and vanilla wrap around generously ripe flavors of apple, pear and tropical papaya. Entirely fermented in oak, its wood provides a medium-bodied mouthfeel and ample accents of sweetness and spice."	Nueva Carneros Highway	86	20	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Highway 12 2013 Nueva Carneros Highway Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Highway 12
US	"An all-purpose red wine, blending seven different grapes into a fruit bowl of forward berry flavors. Nothing challenging here, but the fruit is tasty and it might be compared to a nice Beaujolais—chill it and drink it outdoors on a hot summer day."	House Wine	86	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Magnificent Wine Company 2007 House Wine Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Magnificent Wine Company
US	"Quite youthful for its advanced age, this bottling shows crushed herbs, ground coffee, dense blueberries, leathery smoked meats and tobacco on the nose. The palate conveys tangy boysenberries with black pepper and crushed herbs, laid across a smooth tannic structure."	Grande	92	27	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Oso Libre 2007 Grande Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Oso Libre
US	"Spicy new-oak flavors dominate the modest fruit notes in this over-worked wine, knocking it off balance."		84	15	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bread & Butter 2015 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Bread & Butter
Chile	"Lime and passion fruit aromas are subtle and appealing. This delivers a fresh, alert palate and crisp, lightly brined flavors of lettuce, apple and cucumber. On the finish, it runs peppery but not overly aggressive."	Reserve	87	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alba 2014 Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Maule Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Alba
US	"Good, but a bit tough and gritty, with a hard edge of tannins. On the other hand there also is dryness and extremely ripe, jammy blackberry and cherry flavors, as well as sweet oak. Not showing well now, but could benefit from some years in the cellar."		85	41	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Titus 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Titus
US	"Made in a richer marzipan-laced style, this bottling shows browned butter, butterscotch and baked apples on the nose. The palate is a tad oily with strong browned-butter and green-apple flavors, but also very balanced, with the unctuous custard elements cut by tart citrus peels."	Cheryl's	88	45	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Black Ridge 2014 Cheryl's Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Black Ridge
South Africa	"Despite the age, this Bordeaux-style blend is still a bit closed with muted aromas of waxy black fruit, tea leaves and cigar box spice. The crushed velvet-textured mouth offers a tightly structured backbone to the black berry and plum flavors. 2,700 cases imported."	Grand Classique	88	20	Paarl			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Glen Carlou 2006 Grand Classique Red (Paarl)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Glen Carlou
Argentina	"For a lighter-bodied Cabernet, this is good for its fresh, clean outlook and mild oak. Cherry and berry aromas set the stage for a juicy wine with mild cherry and raspberry flavors that come before a spunky, quick finish."	Año Cero	86	19	Mendoza Province	La Consulta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Altocedro 2011 Año Cero Cabernet Sauvignon (La Consulta)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Altocedro
Argentina	"Currant and spice aromas are subdued and solid. A strapping tight palate with strong tannins delivers roasted plum, cassis, spice and chocolate flavors prior to a dry spicy finish that holds its own."	Famiglia Bianchi	88	20	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2012 Famiglia Bianchi Cabernet Sauvignon	Cabernet Sauvignon	Valentin Bianchi
Germany	"Smoke and dried herbs persist from nose to finish on this uniquely sweet-savory auslese. The palate is brisk and lemony, but shaded in tones of dust and stone that linger on the finish."	Dhroner Hofberger Auslese	86	23	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bollig-Lehnert 2013 Dhroner Hofberger Auslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Bollig-Lehnert
US	"An oak-driven blend of Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre, Cinsault, and Petite Sirah with notes of vanilla and woodspice sitting atop concentrated dark cherries, stewed raspberries, and white pepper leading to a vanilla filled finish."	a'pic Red Wine Stonetree Vineyard	88	34	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Bunnell 2008 a'pic Red Wine Stonetree Vineyard Red (Wahluke Slope)	Red Blend	Bunnell
US	"Earthy and doughy aromas lead to subtle, crisp apple and bright lemon flavors in this very good, go-to wine that has lasting fine-beaded bubbles. It tastes dry and refreshing and feels crisp and lively on the palate."	Brut	88	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Korbel NV Brut Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
US	"This lovely wine sings in rich red and black berries, a celebration of juicy, ripe fruit that's balanced by a firmness of acidity. Inviting wafts of clove and vanilla play backup with finesse, atop soft, well-behaved tannins."	Pauline's Vineyard Winemaker's Reserve	92	34	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kokomo 2013 Pauline's Vineyard Winemaker's Reserve Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Kokomo
France	"Structured and concentrated, it has a silky richness that is very Volnay, while at the same time giving the bright fruits of the year. The final tastes are smoke and crisp acidity."	Ancienne Cuvée Carnot Caillerets Premier Cru	92	85	Burgundy	Volnay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Père & Fils 2008 Ancienne Cuvée Carnot Caillerets Premier Cru  (Volnay)	Pinot Noir	Bouchard Père & Fils
Italy	"A concentrated, inky black wine with woodshop tones that are still very evident. Let this wine settle five years to allow for prettier spice tones and more delicacy in terms of its fruit. This is a big chewy wine at this stage with blockbuster tannins. Drink after 2015."	Greppicaia	92	55	Tuscany	Bolgheri Superiore				Tenuta I Greppi 2004 Greppicaia  (Bolgheri Superiore)	Red Blend	Tenuta I Greppi
Portugal	"A rich and spicy wine that is softly tannic and generous. With blackberry fruits, black cherries and a good shot of acidity, it's an easy, ripe wine that's ready to drink now."	Vila Jardim Tinto	87	12	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta Vale do Armo 2010 Vila Jardim Tinto Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta Vale do Armo
Italy	"This opens with subdued aromas of red berry and violet. The lively, no-frills palate offers tart cherry and a hint of chopped herb accompanied by polished tannins. It's made to be enjoyed young so drink soon."	Terre di Fiori	87	14	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenute Costa 2015 Terre di Fiori  (Morellino di Scansano)	Sangiovese	Tenute Costa
Argentina	"Prickly, sweaty aromas include matchstick and herbaceous green-fruit notes. In the mouth, this is chunky yet citrusy. Flavors of grassy citrus trend toward green, while a pithy, citric finish is bitter."		83	12	Other	Alto Valle del Río Negro		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Verum 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Alto Valle del Río Negro)	Sauvignon Blanc	Verum
Spain	"Crisp plum and raspberry aromas set up a snappy, tight palate with green flavors of plum, raspberry and herb. It tastes vegetal on the finish, with cutting acidity."		82	10	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Camboral 2010  Rioja	Tempranillo	Camboral
Spain	"A strange but undeniable aroma of peanut butter announces this brut as a funky pour. The palate steps it up a bit, with yeasty, white-fruit flavors that turns foamy on a slightly green and bitter finish."	Aria Estate Brut	84	13	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Segura Viudas NV Aria Estate Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Segura Viudas
US	"Sourced from old-vine Bacchus and Weinbau fruit, this also includes 20% grapes from the estate's Heather Hill vineyard. The aromas are dense and penetrating, with a powerful mix of black fruits, ripe berries, smoke, earth, olive and coffee. From the first sniff to the last swallow, the flavors are beautifully integrated and the effect symphonic."	Reserve	97	85	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abeja 2007 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Abeja
US	"Rustic and country-style is the way to describe this Mourvèdre, Syrah and Grenache blend. With its soft, dry finish, smooth tannins and cherry, cola, herb and spice flavors, it's food friendly."	Cashmere	85	16	California	California	California Other			Cline 2006 Cashmere Red (California)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Cline
US	"Scents of fresh red cherries and bramble wood entice on the nose of this aromatic, spice-toned Cabernet Sauvignon. The palate, while crisp with cranberry acidity, is a bit subdued with subtle red-fruit flavor and a finish that wraps up short and tight."	Reserve	84	30	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		McGregor 2010 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	McGregor
US	"The wine is refreshing and unoaked, allowing pure fruit flavors to star, and the brisk acidity is just about perfect. A splash of Muscat Canelli brings a rich orange-honey note to Sauvignon's typical lemon and lime flavors."	Wow Oui	90	27	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Imagery 2011 Wow Oui Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Imagery
Spain	"This Tempranillo-Graciano blend opens with rugged aromas of cherry and currant. The palate follows that lead, with choppy, bumpy tannins. Flavors of cherry and berry fruits come with a coating of crusty, blackened oak, holding onto coarseness across the finish. Drink through 2022."	N. 2	89	25	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tinedo 2013 N. 2 Red (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Red Blend	Tinedo
US	"A fine, solid Pinot, showing the tart acidity, delicate silkiness and tight structure of the coast, in a wine to drink now. The flavors are flashy and complex, with sour cherry candies, cranberries and toasty oak."		88	38	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Bougetz 2011 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Bougetz
France	"Dense, concentrated and firm, this wine has a powerful, rich structure that promises well. Big berry fruits and dark tannins are developing well together. The wine is full of promise so drink from 2020. Fifteen-percent of the 74 acres of vines are more than 120 years old. New York banker Robert G. Wilmers bought Haut-Bailly in 1998 from the Sanders family, owners since 1955. Véronique Sanders-van Beek has run the estate since then."		93	68	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut-Bailly 2013  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut-Bailly
Italy	"A softly polished wine that's ready to enjoy soon, this shows classic aromas of black fruit, spice, tobacco leaf and underbrush. It has a delicious black-cherry flavor, punctuated with black pepper, clove and a hint of bitter almond."	Monti Garbi	88	19	Veneto	Valpolicella Superiore Ripasso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Sant'Antonio 2011 Monti Garbi  (Valpolicella Superiore Ripasso)	Red Blend	Tenuta Sant'Antonio
US	"Reserved on the nose, this bottling eventually shows dried plums, berries, lilac and tar aromas. Dried purple flowers show on the sip alongside blueberries, plums, leather and dried-meat flavors."	Three Ranches	87	17	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Rock & Vine 2014 Three Ranches Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rock & Vine
US	"An array of damp, dank herbs shows on the nose of this bottling from the Fairbairn Vineyard, with aromas of oregano, thyme, chaparral and moist earth. The palate is relatively light in body, showing flavors of oregano-crusted pork roast and a woody character."	The Conspirator's Reserve	87	49	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cloak & Dagger 2012 The Conspirator's Reserve Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Cloak & Dagger
US	"This is an aromatically brooding wine with notes of herbs, pepper and brown spices. It drinks quite sweet with a lightly chalky feel."	Minnick Hills Vineyard	86	30	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Lagana 2013 Minnick Hills Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Lagana
Chile	"While this smells a touch green and scratchy, there's enough berry and plum to the nose to get it going in a good way. Fresh and medium-bodied, this tastes of medicinal cherry and plum along with herbs. The finish tastes similar."	Vitral	87	13	Chile			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Maipo 2014 Vitral Cabernet Sauvignon (Chile)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viña Maipo
France	"A soft and just off-dry blend of Chardonnay, Aligoté and Colombard, this wine is tangy with citrus and green plums. An herbal edge from the Colombard brings out a crisp texture and acidity. Drink now."	Roncier	84	8	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	L. Tramier & Fils NV Roncier White (Vin de France)	White Blend	L. Tramier & Fils
Spain	"Raisin and earth aromas come across a bit baked and bland. Conversely, the palate is choppy and hard, with pointed acidity. Loamy raisin and berry flavors finish oaky, minty and a bit hot and raw, with residual tomatoey acidity."	Crianza	87	18	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Solabal 2010 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Solabal
Portugal	"A firm, structured blend of 50-50 Pinot Noir and Touriga Nacional, this wine is rich and made to age. A dense texture underlies the ripe blackberry fruits and firm tannins. Aged for 18 months in wood, the wine needs time to mature further. Drink from 2018."	Consensus Pinot Noir-Touriga Nacional	91	19	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	DFJ Vinhos 2013 Consensus Pinot Noir-Touriga Nacional Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	DFJ Vinhos
US	"Soft and a little warm in alcohol, this blend has rich flavors of red berries, red currants, smoked meat and exotic spices. It's an easy wine to drink with barbecue."	Twisted Spur	87	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Niner 2009 Twisted Spur Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Niner
Spain	"This clipped, sharp wine leads with berry and plum scents. In the mouth, it's all acid and no fruit, tasting extremely sour."	Roble	81	30	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pagos de Valcerracin 2014 Roble  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Pagos de Valcerracin
US	"Powerful and lush, this is a velvety, classically styled Russian River Valley Pinot, weighty and lip smacking in black cherry and touch of earth buoyed by finely hued acidity. Perfectly enjoyable right now, it'll age, too, the spicy undertones coaxed to take center stage."		94	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Paul Hobbs 2012 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Paul Hobbs
US	"A modern, popular Chardonnay made with very ripe tropical and pear fruit flavors and a strong oaky influence. Not very subtle, but will satisfy fans of the style."		85	20	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Inception 2009 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Inception
France	"Salmon pink in color, this young and fresh rosé has a light, attractive and fruity character. It's very much a summer drink, dry and with bright acidity."	Oh! Biarnesa	84	16	Southwest France	Béarn		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cave de Gan 2012 Oh! Biarnesa Rosé (Béarn)	Rosé	Cave de Gan
Chile	"The briary red-berry and plum aromas are earthy and rubbery. This is medium in body and a bit heavy, with just-adequate acidity and solid flavors of plum, berry and resiny oak. The finish is oaky and medicinal tasting."	Reserve	85	15	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cuevas del Sur 2010 Reserve Merlot (Curicó Valley)	Merlot	Cuevas del Sur
US	"Only occasionally produced, this reserve-level wine is a bit of a mystery in this new vintage. It's tart and shy, its black fruit laced with assertive acidity and its finish excessively astringent."	Statement	88	99	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2014 Statement Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Chehalem
US	"This foot-stomped, Sangiovese rosé offers aromas of lush strawberries and cream, with a hint of watermelon sweetness. It's fun, forward and fruit-powered all the way."	Ruby	86	15	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Airfield Estates 2012 Ruby Rosé (Yakima Valley)	Rosé	Airfield Estates
US	"Ripe, fresh peach and apple flavors are lifted with a spray of white-floral perfume on this pretty, easy-going wine. It's brisk on the palate with revitalizing lemon acidity and a hint of salinity on the finish."	Reserve	87	24	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Lieb 2008 Reserve Chardonnay (North Fork of Long Island)	Chardonnay	Lieb
US	"This is a fruit-driven wine showing lots of apple and melon aromas, broad peach and apple flavors and a generous texture. It's very tasty and refreshing and has touch of sweetness."	Echo Ridge	87	10	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Fetzer 2014 Echo Ridge Sauvignon Blanc (Lodi)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fetzer
Hungary	"This blend of 35% Kékfrankos, 34% Merlot, 27% Pinot Noir and 4% Cabernet Franc has aromas of tart cherry, pomegranate and black pepper. It is medium bodied with flavors of red plums and tart cherry."		88	16	Sopron			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Weninger 2011 Red (Sopron)	Red Blend	Weninger
US	"Yeasty in baked bread aromas with an integrated framework of soft tannin and oak, this clone designate offers bright acidity amidst a ripeness of red currant and plum. Coffee flavor and tobacco give it an additional complexity of savory tension."	Reserve Clone 6	92	165	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Beaulieu Vineyard 2013 Reserve Clone 6 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beaulieu Vineyard
Italy	"Belnero is a Sangiovese-based wine (with a tiny percentage of outside grapes) that shows loads of Montalcino typicity and elegance. If the rules governing Rosso di Montalcino are changed, those new wines might resemble Belnero."	Belnero	90	39	Tuscany	Toscana				Castello Banfi 2007 Belnero Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Castello Banfi
France	"The oak aging, implicit in the name of the wine, is present in its smooth character. This bottling is in the elegant style typical of Famaey wines and also has weight and firm, concentrated black fruit with acidity and a dry core. Drink from 2019."	Fût de Chêne	91	20	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Famaey 2011 Fût de Chêne Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Famaey
US	"Very flavorful and full-bodied but also velvety-smooth in texture, this wine is packed with ripe black plum, cranberry and dark chocolate flavors. It has plenty of tannin to thicken the texture but low acidity, which lends softness."	Armé	88	25	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Marietta Cellars 2014 Armé Cabernet Sauvignon (North Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Marietta Cellars
US	"Thickly concentrated in a rich style, this wine also possesses a balanced backbone of citrus and melon flavor, made more decadent by accompanying marshmallow and vanilla bean notes."		87	16	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Flint & Steel 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Flint & Steel
US	"Sage and anise characterize the nose of this single-vineyard offering. On the palate, there is a distinct element of elderberry, a native fruit to the Central Coast, as well as the expected balance between slightly grippy tannins and a bright acidity."	Chorro Creek Vineyard	91	38	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Stephen Ross 2012 Chorro Creek Vineyard Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Stephen Ross
Portugal	"Twelve months bottle aging and a selection of Touriga Nacional and Alfrocheiro have resulted in a powerfully structured wine. The wood aging is still showing in the wine's toasty character with hints of dry extraction spoiling the black fruit flavors. The wine will integrate better as it develops, so wait until 2017."	Tesouro da Sé Private Selection	89	26	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	UDACA 2011 Tesouro da Sé Private Selection Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	UDACA
US	"An intriguing oak spiciness on both the nose and the palate makes this medium-bodied wine interesting without overpowering the focused and vivid raspberry and red cherry flavors. The wine's texture is lean, braced by fine-grained tannins that give support and balance. Best after 2018."	Coro Mendocino	91	40	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Clos du Bois 2013 Coro Mendocino Red (Mendocino)	Red Blend	Clos du Bois
France	"This big, fruity black-colored wine has ripe stone fruit flavors and firm, ripe tannins. There is structure, obvious aging potential as well as ripe, sweet juicy Merlot fruit flavors. Age for 5-6 years."		90	56	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vieux Château des Templiers 2008  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Vieux Château des Templiers
US	"This well-balanced, medium-bodied wine blends ripe strawberry aromas and blackberry flavors with a lively texture that's bolstered by good acidity and firm tannins. It's easy to enjoy the fresh fruitiness."	Estate Bottled	88	27	California	Mendocino Ridge		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Greenwood Ridge 2012 Estate Bottled Merlot (Mendocino Ridge)	Merlot	Greenwood Ridge
Italy	"Leather, berry, toast, crushed rose and herbs are some of the scents that emerge. The palate displays crushed cherry, black pepper, licorice and balsamic notes alongside youthfully aggressive, tightly packed tannins that need another few years to unwind."	Albesani Santo Stefano Riserva	90	75	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Neive 2009 Albesani Santo Stefano Riserva  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Castello di Neive
US	"Lemon, mineral dust and quince aromas lead the invigorating nose. The light-bodied palate is snappy with acidity, yet balanced, and shows juicy lemon-lime upfront. While short, the finish is quinine in nature, making this zesty sipper a perfect partner for briny shellfish."		87	18	Michigan	Leelanau Peninsula		Alexander Peartree		Blustone 2013 Chardonnay (Leelanau Peninsula)	Chardonnay	Blustone
US	"From an almost centenarian vineyard planted to mixed varieties, this has juicy core of cherry and blackberry fruit. An undercurrent of Asian spice and white pepper shows through, finishing on a minty chocolate note."	Carlisle Vineyard	90	47	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Carlisle 2014 Carlisle Vineyard Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Carlisle
Portugal	"This is a powerfully structured wine, not heavy but firm, with tannins and tensile acidity. The dry core of the wine supports blueberry and violet flavors concentrated on the palate. Drink from 2017."	Escada Reserva	91	20	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	DFJ Vinhos 2013 Escada Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	DFJ Vinhos
US	"Clean, crisp and bright, this was fermented in stainless (with just 10% in neutral wood), and not put through malolactic. The blend is 60/40 Chardonnay/Pinot Noir, yielding fresh fruit flavors of apple and melon that are focused and precise. A streak of ginger runs through racy acidity."	Vintage Brut	90	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Argyle 2012 Vintage Brut Sparkling (Willamette Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Argyle
France	"This wine has an unusual candy-flavored character. Its tannins are fine, and there is structure, but the final character is unbalanced."	Elegance	83	20	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tour Saint-Germain 2010 Elegance  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tour Saint-Germain
US	"Pretty cherry fruit is at the center here, with light scents of fresh cut tobacco. The blend is two thirds Syrah, one third Cabernet Sauvignon, balanced and highlighted by a streak of cinnamon toast."	2 Spires Red	87	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	William Church 2008 2 Spires Red Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	William Church
Italy	"A blend of 50% Nebbiolo, 30% Pinot Nero and 20% Chardonnay, this offers aromas of chamomile, lemon blossom, orchard fruit and lemon zest. The firm palate offers nectarine zest, ripe apple, toasted hazelnut and a note of bread crust alongside a vibrant perlage."	Duemiladieci Bianco Metodo Classico	89	33	Italy Other	Vino Spumante		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rivetti Massimo 2010 Duemiladieci Bianco Metodo Classico Sparkling (Vino Spumante)	Sparkling Blend	Rivetti Massimo
US	"This wine is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (66%), Syrah (23%) and Petit Verdot. Aromas of violets, black licorice, dried blackberries and dark fruit are followed by ripe, full-bodied dark fruit and baking-spice flavors. The tannins pack a hefty but still well-balanced punch."		91	50	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chester Kidder 2012 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Chester Kidder
Australia	"It's almost two-thirds Riesling, which gives the wine its tight focus and strong mineral and citrus overtones, but there's also Sauvignon Blanc, Marsanne, Viognier and Chardonnay in the mix, giving it layers of fruity complexity. Awfully good for the price."	The Stump Jump	88	11	South Australia	McLaren Vale		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	D'Arenberg 2007 The Stump Jump White (McLaren Vale)	White Blend	D'Arenberg
US	"Perfumed with oak and smoke, this is a full-bodied, robustly built and powerful reserve-level wine, the fruit taking on a candied berry quality as it opens. Soft tannins fill out the palate, while a layering of pepper and cinnamon notes weigh in, taking full strength on the finish."	Reserve	88	55	California	Chiles Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frank Family 2014 Reserve Zinfandel (Chiles Valley)	Zinfandel	Frank Family
US	"Essentially a Cabernet Franc with Merlot and Sangiovese in the blend, this easy-drinking red wine feels a bit generic. One-dimensional berry and pale cherry fruit flavors quickly fade into light tannins."	Red	83	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	San Juan Vineyards 2008 Red Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	San Juan Vineyards
France	"Beautifully crisp and light, this is an ebullient wine that is full of lively red currant and tangerine fruits. There is attractive acidity, a bright aftertaste and plenty of acidity. Drink now."		88	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Marsan 2016 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château de Marsan
France	"Rich and concentrated, this wine shows the firm tannins of a Gevrey-Chambertin. Ripe berry fruits and beautiful acidity contrast with this structure. The fresh aftertaste with its flavors of raspberries and dark cherries will be very fine. Drink from 2018."	Les Azerottes	92	90	Burgundy	Gevrey-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Max 2013 Les Azerottes  (Gevrey-Chambertin)	Pinot Noir	Louis Max
Argentina	"Piercing blueberry and wild berry aromas are prototypical of this label. A juicy, high-acid palate is linear and a bit edgy, but its composition bodes well for the future. Spiced plum and currant flavors finish with toast, spice and berry notes. Drink through 2024."	Finca Mirador	93	140	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Achaval-Ferrer 2013 Finca Mirador Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Achaval-Ferrer
Chile	"Ripe in color and aromas, this chunky wine delivers heavy baked-berry and raisin aromas in front of a jammy, extracted palate. Raisin and cooked berry flavors finish plump, with earthy notes."	Reserva	85	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Balduzzi 2012 Reserva Merlot (Maule Valley)	Merlot	Balduzzi
France	"Very creamy mousse leads to a tight wine with raspberry flavors and considerable acidity. That makes the wine very fresh, crisp, clean with an attractive final fragrance. It's ready to drink but could have a few months' bottle age."	Clérotstein Rosé Brut	86	19	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cave de Cleebourg NV Clérotstein Rosé Brut Pinot Noir (Crémant d'Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Cave de Cleebourg
US	"This is a nice, dry sparkling wine, rich in citrus, apple, yeasty brioche and spice flavors. The bubbles are a little ragged, giving it a scoury mouthfeel. But for the price, it's a fine bubbly."	Brut Made With Organically Grown Grapes	86	16	California	California	California Other			Korbel 2008 Brut Made With Organically Grown Grapes Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
Argentina	"Cool herbal aromas of blackberry and cola are minty. This feels narrow, with hard tannins that aren't ready to reconcile now. Herbal salty flavors of meaty berry fruits are warm, spicy and steadfast with herbal notes through the finish. Drink through 2020."	Capriccio Reserve Blend	88	17	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Loscano 2013 Capriccio Reserve Blend Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Loscano
US	"Soft, with slightly dilute flavors of blackberry and currant, surrounded by oak. Turns vegetal as it opens."		82	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Hesperian 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hesperian
Chile	"Crisp apple aromas are light and minerally. Feels citrusy and lifted on the palate, with melon, apple and barrel spice flavors. Mildly oaked but not heavy on the finish, with a fresh overall approach."	Reserva	86	13	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilcas 2010 Reserva Chardonnay (Maule Valley)	Chardonnay	Chilcas
US	"Well-made, with clean, bright fruit and lots of pretty new oak. The wine is beautifully balanced, elegant with a long, rich, toasty finish. Fairly light fruit in this vintage, but well handled and perfectly showcased."	Private Reserve	91	21	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Collier Falls 1998 Private Reserve Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Collier Falls
France	"From the region of La Londe close to the sea, this wine is warm and ripe, with rich strawberry flavors that are almost jammy. A touch of pepper and spice calms down the freshness. Probably this wine will be better as an apéritif."		85	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château les Bormettes 2015 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château les Bormettes
Austria	"Flinty notes of reduction are top aromas, then citrus-fuelled pepperiness ensues. This is lively, lithe and brisk with lip-smacking freshness and a total refreshment factor. It has the tension of a high-wire. These are Riesling acrobatics in a glass. Bravo."	Ried Steiger	93	18	Wachau			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Fischer 2014 Ried Steiger Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Fischer
Italy	"Aromas of exotic spice, incense and aromatic herb lead the way. On the racy palate, hints of dark spice and cranberry add interest to the wild cherry core while vibrant acidity and supple tannins make it fresh and easy drinking."		87	33	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Macioche 2013  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Le Macioche
US	"There's an indulgence of oak on the nose and palate of this wine, which makes it more challenging for the aspects of pear, nutmeg and melon to shine through. The acidity fights to make its mark, too, resulting in a medium- to full-body feel."	Barrel Fermented	86	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gibbs 2013 Barrel Fermented Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Gibbs
US	"This wine astounds in big, juicy waves of jammy cherry, strawberry and forest floor, its fruit sourced from Gap's Crown, Dutton Ranch, Goldrock Ridge and Jenkins vineyards, among other sites. Textured and layered, with powerful force, it shows richness and concentration but also fresh acidity."		92	48	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Patz & Hall 2014 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Patz & Hall
US	"The Red Queen bottling is Evening Land's most limited in terms of production. The grapes are sourced from a block in the estate vineyard at the highest point of the hill, and the wine is aged in 30% new French oak for 14 months. Tasted a few weeks prior to its official release, it was stubbornly unyielding, even after a full 24 hours. Given the pedigree of this estate, and the superb quality of the two other 2010 Pinots, it is reasonable to expect this to come out of its hard shell and earn a much higher score."	Seven Springs Vineyard Red Queen	92	75	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Evening Land 2010 Seven Springs Vineyard Red Queen Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Evening Land
Chile	"A bright nose with green apple and citric aromas comes with mild oak. This is acidic and racy in composition, with roundness along the edges of the palate. Apple and nectarine flavors are lightly oaked and salty, while this holds form on a high-acid finish."	Single Vineyard Falaris Hill	87	18	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Leyda 2015 Single Vineyard Falaris Hill Chardonnay (Leyda Valley)	Chardonnay	Leyda
Spain	"Dry and leafy in the Cru Bourgeois sense of Bordeaux. And that makes sense given that it's Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Tempranillo from a cool, tough vintage. While not vegetal, the wine is herbal and nervous, with leafy notes and burnt brown sugar flavors."	Crianza	84	9	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castillo de Monjardin 2002 Crianza Red (Navarra)	Red Blend	Castillo de Monjardin
Italy	"Subtle aromas of red berry, new leather, forest floor and a whiff of tobacco lead the nose. On the straightforward, rather lean palate, firm polished tannins and fresh acidity provide the framework for red cherry, cranberry and a hint of clove. Drink 2019–2025."		88	54	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Prunotto 2013  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Prunotto
US	"A perennial knockout, this vintage delivers as always, combining 7% Petite Sirah, Mourvèdre and Syrah from the estate into the mix. Altogether, it opens in a field of wildflowers aromatic before unfurling tart acidity to keep freshly layered soft, supple tannin and red cherry and berry. Sprinklings of white pepper and clove factor in."	Rocky Knoll Estate Grown	96	58	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Limerick Lane 2014 Rocky Knoll Estate Grown Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Limerick Lane
France	"From Bandol producer Sorin, this is a rich wine with just a light saltiness from the vineyard's proximity to the sea. It has pure fruit, an attractive citrus tang and lively line of final acidity."	Terra Amata	88	12	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Sorin 2013 Terra Amata Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Sorin
France	"Concentrated, dense and powerful, this has all the structure of a Chambertin. As a contrast, the juicy acidity cuts through the texture, luring out black fruits that balance the solid core of tannins. It needs to age for at least seven years."		92	260	Burgundy	Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2010  Chambertin	Pinot Noir	Louis Latour
US	"This tastes a bit over-cropped; the varietal character is there, but it's a pale rendition. Lightly peppery and grassy, with hints of citrus and very green apple fruit. Straightforward and simple."	Grand Estates	84	11	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2007 Grand Estates Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Columbia Crest
France	"Fitou, a small region entirely surrounded by Corbières, is very dry in the summer. In 2004, when little rain fell, the grapes became extra concentrated, as shown here. There's a powerful burst of fruit, with black cherries, coffee and plenty of spice from the 50% Syrah. Only to finish are the tannins at all apparent."	Château des Erles	91	49	Languedoc-Roussillon	Fitou		Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. & F. Lurton 2004 Château des Erles Red (Fitou)	Rhône-style Red Blend	J. & F. Lurton
Italy	"Enticing scents of ripe berry, underbrush, grilled herb and eucalyptus mingle together along with an underlying fragrance of rose petal. Elegant and fresh, the impeccably balanced palate delivers tart red cherry, cake spice, white pepper and mineral nuances alongside polished tannins. Drink 2018–2028."	Simposio	95	60	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bel Colle 2012 Simposio  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Bel Colle
US	"Subdued notes of blackberry and dark cherry, cigar box and undergrowth lead the aromas on this Bordeaux-style blend. It has a supple core, which is framed by sinewy tannins and balanced acids. The finish is medium in length and grippy, ending on a spiced-cherry flavor."		87	40	Virginia	Shenandoah Valley				Muse 2009 Red (Shenandoah Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Muse
US	"This is assembled from ten different vineyards, and is the winery's flagship wine. It's a blend of 44% Cabernet Franc, 34% Cabernet Sauvignon, 13% Merlot and 9% Malbec. This wine has a good focus to the mid-palate, a decent amount of sweet cassis fruit, and a soft and lingering, though tannic, finish."	Quartet Red Wine	86	25	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Paschal 2000 Quartet Red Wine Red (Applegate Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Paschal
US	"Made in an understated classic style, this wine has a woody persistence of dried herb and mountain sage amid a grip of dusty tannin. Pencil shavings and red currant provide a yin and yang of structure and subtle character."	Papa's Knoll Estate	87	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Buehler 2014 Papa's Knoll Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Buehler
Italy	"This opens with aromas that recall nail polish remover, dark spice and toast. The palate offers fleshy black cherry, vanilla and a hint of coffee alongside bracing tannins. It finishes on an astringent note."		87	40	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Virna Borgogno 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Virna Borgogno
US	"Fairly subdued dark purple and even black fruits mix with graphite and violet petals on the nose of this wine by Paso Robles-based Michael Mooney. There is verve to the palate, with flavors of black cherry, iron and juniper."	Boekenoogen Vineyard	88	68	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Mooney Family 2013 Boekenoogen Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Mooney Family
Portugal	"This rich, sophisticated wood-aged wine has complex fruits, structure and tannins. Ripe, juicy black fruits are intertwined with a solidly dry texture, powerful but still elegant. It will repay aging. Drink from 2016."	Monte da Baía Reserva	91	17	Península de Setúbal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2010 Monte da Baía Reserva Red (Península de Setúbal)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
US	"Tastes raisiny, overripe and sweet in cherry jam flavor, with a harsh, peppery mouthfeel. Basically drinkable, but not going anywhere."		82	28	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Verve 2006 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Verve
Italy	"Percarlo is an outstandingly intense and complex Sangiovese that is true to its Tuscan roots. Aromas are wide and penetrating and span the gamut of balsam possibilities, voluptuous fruit, lead pencil and spice. It is round and very fragrant in the mouth with plush smoothness and soft extraction."	Percarlo	95	70	Tuscany	Toscana				San Giusto a Rentennano 2004 Percarlo Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	San Giusto a Rentennano
Chile	"Salinic and simple on the bouquet. The palate is narrow and citric, with lean, sour tangerine, lemon and lettuce-like flavors. Tangy and lemony on the finish as well."		82	10	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terrapura 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Terrapura
US	"Layers of char, black pepper and briar patch help to build complexity in this dense, concentrated black plum Merlot. There's a touch of green leaf and tomato throughout, but overall, it's a fruit-driven, luscious wine accented with spice and smooth, supple tannins. Aged 24 months in new French oak."	Château Reserve	86	30	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Comtesse Thérèse 2004 Château Reserve Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Comtesse Thérèse
Australia	"From a reliable Clare Valley producer, Pikes 2006 Dry Riesling appears to be an ageworthy effort, boasting plenty of crisp intensity. Lime, grapefruit and green apple notes are classic Riesling markers, ending long and mouthwatering. Drink now–2016, possibly beyond. Imported by USA Wine West."	Dry	89	25	South Australia	Clare Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Pikes 2006 Dry Riesling (Clare Valley)	Riesling	Pikes
Italy	"This robust wine opens with aromas of red berry, tilled earth, dark baking spice and a balsamic note. The ripe, hearty palate delivers syrupy black cherry, juicy raspberry, clove and anisette alongside firm tannins. Despite the tannic structure, the dense fruit and warmth of alcohol make it already almost accessible. Drink 2017–2026."	Camilla	91	43	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Grimaldi Bruna 2011 Camilla  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Grimaldi Bruna
US	"A hulking, concentrated and full-bodied wine, given plenty of time in new French oak, it has a power and intensity that's hard to decipher at first sip. That suggests it needs time in the cellar to coax out its tightly wound layers of blackberry, black plum and leathery tannins. Cellar through 2020."	Exposure	91	90	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Oakville East 2012 Exposure Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Oakville East
US	"This wine has bright fruit-salad aromas, ripe pear and apple flavors and some attractive hints of butter and vanilla. It feels medium bodied, mouthfilling and smooth in texture."	River Junction	87	10	California	River Junction	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	McManis 2015 River Junction Chardonnay (River Junction)	Chardonnay	McManis
Italy	"Aged for one year in American oak, this blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon offers a perfumed quality that resembles Christmas spice and violet. It shows concentration and heft, and it boasts berry and cherry flavors on the finish."	Le Lodole	87	20	Tuscany	Rosso di Toscana				Bellini 2009 Le Lodole Red (Rosso di Toscana)	Red Blend	Bellini
US	"Richly barrel fermented, this wine shares its caramelized toasty oak character with sultry, creamy ripe apple, pear and melon. Lushly layered, it goes spicy on the finish in a dash of piquant nutmeg."	Estate Vineyards	88	22	California	Chalk Hill	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rodney Strong 2015 Estate Vineyards Chardonnay (Chalk Hill)	Chardonnay	Rodney Strong
France	"Concentrated, with white fruits, a strong streak of herbaceousness, green apples and a rich texture. The wine shows intensity as well as youth. It really needs another year before drinking."	Les Caillottes	88	21	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fournier Père et Fils 2006 Les Caillottes  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fournier Père et Fils
US	"This superripe wine is a blast of blackberry, cherry and blueberry fruit, puréed in the blender and then sprinkled with a dusting of cocoa and white pepper. But it's too sweet by far, and too soft, lacking the structure for balance."		83	28	California	Monterey	Central Coast			Pianetta 2004 Syrah (Monterey)	Syrah	Pianetta
France	"A ripe wine that is almost off dry, this has a ripe cherry character, rich in the mouth and with a full texture. The aftertaste brings out spice and tannins. Bordeaux Clairet lies between rosé and red in color and in taste."		85	17	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Clairet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Timberlay 2014  Bordeaux Clairet	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Timberlay
US	"Brambly berry and wood notes lend complexity to the luscious cassis and black cherry flavors. It's intensely concentrated with fruit, but bright bursts of acidity and layers of fresh sage and thyme add balance, leading to a long, harmonious finish. Drink now–2020."		88	25	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		T'Jara 2010 Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	T'Jara
US	"Sourced from six different vineyards, this is a broadly pleasing wine, fruity in blackberry and raspberry that veers even into cranberry and cassis territory without getting bogged down. Substantial and lush, it's tightly woven in tannin and savory herb, ready to open itself over time. Patience will reward with more exotic interweavings of vanilla-cola and tea."		90	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Merry Edwards 2012 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
US	"This is serviceable but rather bland, with a dusting of cinnamon spice and simple, tart fruit."		85	16	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Wildewood 2013 Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Wildewood
US	"Ripe and fruity, this has an oak flavor that overshadows the blackberries and currants."		85	54	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Pine Ridge 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pine Ridge
Portugal	"This is a rustic, soft wine. It has red fruits and acidity along with light tannins and a barnyard character that is not unpleasant. Drink now."	Terraços do Tejo	84	10	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casal da Coelheira 2013 Terraços do Tejo Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Casal da Coelheira
US	"Rich flavors and a juicy texture make this dark-colored but medium-bodied wine fun to drink. It smells like ripe boysenberries, tastes almost jammy, and has a nice grip on the palate. It comes with a very reasonable price tag for the quality."	Rich Silky Smooth	88	17	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Avant 2013 Rich Silky Smooth Red (California)	Red Blend	Avant
US	"Lots of elegance in this Cabernet. It's dry, full bodied and rich in tannins, with a good depth of black currants and sweet, toasty oak. Won't age, but who cares: Pop the cork and drink it now."		89	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Robert Mondavi 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Robert Mondavi
Portugal	"While this wine is dry and firm, it is also full of ripe black-plum-skin flavors and juicy acidity. The two together have produced a wine that should be ready to drink from 2018."	Reserva	87	13	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Barão de Vilar 2012 Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Barão de Vilar
US	"Heavy and dull, this dry Zin has overripe flavors of raisins and prunes, and is quite tannic. Drink now."	Montafi Vineyard Old Vine	82	34	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Starry Night 2006 Montafi Vineyard Old Vine Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Starry Night
US	"Tastes candied at this time, offering a myriad of raspberry and cherry jam, red currant and caramelized oak flavors. Based on Cabernet Sauvignon, with additions of Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot, it's a rich, satisfying wine, but a little underwhelming for a Dominus wine."	Napanook	89	59	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Dominus 2010 Napanook Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dominus
France	"With its small proportion of Aligoté in the blend, this crisp, fruity wine is lively with acidity. Citrus flavors are given an extra fillip by a zingy aftertaste. Drink now."	Collection	85	17	Burgundy	Coteaux Bourguignons		Roger Voss	@vossroger	L. Tramier & Fils 2016 Collection  (Coteaux Bourguignons)	White Blend	L. Tramier & Fils
Italy	"Wild berry, exotic spice, crushed violet and a whiff of Mediterranean herb aromas lead the way. The polished, austere palate offers up dried black cherry, leather, anise and white pepper framed in assertive tannins. Give this a few more years to soften then enjoy. Drink from 2019 through 2024."		90	120	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Togata 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	La Togata
South Africa	"Green plum and tart gooseberry aromas and flavors lead the way of this lively selection. Linear and direct on the palate, it has refreshing notes of lime rind, sweet grass and a touch of white flower. Clean and balanced; drink now."		86	10	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Indaba 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	Indaba
France	"The wine has a toasty character showing that it has considerable bottle age. The fruit has moved into the realm of secondary flavors with almonds, fresh bread and spice flavors. It is a delicious wine for those who like more mature Champagnes."	Dom Ruinart Blanc de Blancs Brut	93	135	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Ruinart 2004 Dom Ruinart Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Ruinart
US	"Smells very bright, with alluring lemon, cocoa and grass aromas. The flavors veer to citrus fruits, apricots and sweet white chocolate, and linger through the longish finish. Yet it's basically a dry wine."		85	12	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dundee Springs 1999 Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	Dundee Springs
Spain	"Aromas of scrambled eggs are cidery and flat. This feels soft and unfocused, with low acidity and a mild bead. Green flavors of lettuce and herbs are more salad-like than fruity, while the finish is soft and lacking in edge."	Brut Reserva	84	13	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	En Fuego NV Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	En Fuego
US	"Marred by unripe asparagus notes, this Syrah is tough to like despite its smooth tannins and some good blackberry and chocolate fruit."		82	25	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Firestone 2010 Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Firestone
US	"Root beer, red cherries, cola and graphite aromas show on this wine from Olson Ranch made by Gina Gallo. There is a tremendous, atypical amount of grip on the palate, which offers solid flavors of citrusy, tart cranberry and long ringing acidity. The texture is a tad distracting but may mellow with age."	Signature Series	86	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Gallo Signature Series 2013 Signature Series Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Gallo Signature Series
US	"This Pinot is dry in style and tart with acidity, along with flavors of cranberries, cherries, sweet tobacco and oak. Gritty tannins and inconsistently ripened fruit lend this wine a common touch. It's certainly not an ager, but it is an appealing wine to drink now."		86	26	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Calera 2012 Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Calera
Spain	"Spicy, toasty black-fruit aromas set up a firm palate with wrenching tannic grip. Spicy flavors of dark plum and blackberry are typical of this type of Monastrell blend. Peppery notes and herbal accents are up front on the finish."	C	89	14	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Carchelo 2014 C Red (Jumilla)	Red Blend	Bodegas Carchelo
France	"This is a firm wine, full of tannins as well as plenty of ripe berries. It is concentrated, juicy and perfumed, an attractive wine already. The dry core gives structure to this panoply of fruitiness. The name comes from French king Louis XI who acquired the vineyard in the 15th century."	Clos du Roi Premier Cru	93	68	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2013 Clos du Roi Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Chanson Père et Fils
Argentina	Fiery red-fruit aromas precede a rough palate. It tastes like herbal red plums; the finish turns a bit sweet.		82	8	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Funky Llama 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Funky Llama
Australia	"This is a full-bodied, lushly textured Chardonnay that manages to avoid the sensation of excess weight. Pear, melon and white peach notes are framed by understated toasted nuttiness, while a long line of acid prolongs the harmonious finish. Drink now–2018."	Isolation Ridge Vineyard	91	40	Western Australia	Frankland River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Frankland Estate 2011 Isolation Ridge Vineyard Chardonnay (Frankland River)	Chardonnay	Frankland Estate
US	"Subtle, fresh, green aromas like celery and cut grass are followed by light cucumber flavors, a soft texture and short finish. It's a delicate wine at a good price."	Echo Ridge	85	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Fetzer 2013 Echo Ridge Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fetzer
US	"This blend of 40% Mourvèdre, 30% Syrah, 21% Grenache and 9% Counoise shows a dense core of fruit on the fresh, tart nose, with blueberry, blackberry and boysenberry, as well as lava rocks and a licorice lift. The palate is all about texture, with good acidity and grip containing the purple fruit flavors"	Espirit de Tablas	89	55	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tablas Creek 2012 Espirit de Tablas Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Tablas Creek
US	"This is a soft, hot Merlot. It has ripe flavors of cherries, red currants, red licorice, cocoa and pepper, and finishes dry."		85	28	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Pomar Junction 2007 Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	Pomar Junction
France	"A mature, serious wine, showing toasty flavors that are rounding out the fruit. A definite food wine, its richness tempered with a bite of acidity and delicious final crispness."	Cuvée Prestige Brut	88	30	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dopff & Irion NV Cuvée Prestige Brut Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Dopff & Irion
France	"A Cabernet Sauvignon-dominated wine, which reveals great structure to go with its black berry fruits. American Daren Miller, married to a Bordeaux native, has been involved in the restoration of this property in the Médoc, producing a classic wine, that pays great respect to its origins."		89	31	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut Beyzac 2005  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut Beyzac
US	"Even though the alcohol is a high 15.3% abv, this Cabernet tastes like it still has some residual sweetness. It's as rich and ripe in blackberries, but awkward, and doesn't seem capable of aging."	Estate	85	80	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			L'Aventure 2010 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	L'Aventure
US	"Vivid berry flavors drive this medium-bodied, lively and firmly tannic wine. It has good acidity that combines with the fine-grained tannins for an especially tangy mouthfeel."	Romantique Harmony Pilot Ridge Vineyard Estate Grown	88	25	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Hart 2 Hart 2014 Romantique Harmony Pilot Ridge Vineyard Estate Grown Red (El Dorado)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Hart 2 Hart
US	"This is a generous, likable Syrah for drinking soon. It's dark in color, full-bodied and dry, with ripe flavors of blackberries, plums, cola, anise, sandalwood and peppery spices. The soft tannins help the wine finish rich and silky."	877/Noir	89	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Wrath 2007 877/Noir Syrah (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Syrah	Wrath
Australia	"Marked by struck flint and petrol notes on the nose, this medium-bodied wine is the most richly textural of Franklin Estate's three single-vineyard wines. Crushed stone and citrus notes linger through the finish."	Netley Road Vineyard	91	35	Western Australia	Frankland River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Frankland Estate 2014 Netley Road Vineyard Riesling (Frankland River)	Riesling	Frankland Estate
Spain	"This low-alcohol Basque rosé starts off funky. Pickled, peppery, herbaceous aromas lead to a tart, acidic palate that's not unusual for this style of wine. Sour, herbal, peppery flavors repeat in lighter form on the finish."	Getaria	83	22	Northern Spain	Getariako Txakolina		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Txomín Etxaníz 2016 Getaria Rosé (Getariako Txakolina)	Rosé	Txomín Etxaníz
US	"A strong boysenberry fruit character is spiced by anise, graphite, cedar and Dr Pepper notes on this bottling. The palate shows light red currant, ripe plum, mulberrry and strawberry, with a touch of pencil shavings adding complexity."	Philanthropist	87	21	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Indigené 2013 Philanthropist Red (Carmel Valley)	Red Blend	Indigené
US	"Dry and racy, with an affinity for a wide variety of foods. Made from two vineyards in this cool-climate appellation, it shows subtle earth, mushroom and eucalyptus notes that deepen the wild raspberry and cherry fruit. With brisk acidity and a flourish of tannins, it's a fine wine to drink now and over the next six years."	Fog-Eater	93	42	California	Anderson Valley				Drew 2010 Fog-Eater Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Drew
Italy	This brightly colored rosé from northeastern Italy offers aromas of small berry fruit and delicate floral tones. It tastes clean and crisp and leaves a cheerful endnote of fresh berry flavors.	Rosato	86	8	Northeastern Italy	Venezia Giulia				Blason 2007 Rosato Rosé (Venezia Giulia)	Rosé	Blason
US	"Subtle scents of white flower and peanut shell meld with core aromas of tropical fruits. The palate feels viscous and open knit, and the residual sugar makes for a clingy finish."	Ali d'Oro	84	30	Virginia	Virginia				CrossKeys 2011 Ali d'Oro White (Virginia)	White Blend	CrossKeys
Spain	"Classic Rioja aromas of berry fruits, spice, tobacco and vanilla lead to a grabby palate that's slightly bumpy in feel. Dry spicy plum and berry flavors are lightly herbal, while the finish tastes the same."	Reserva	89	19	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montecillo 2011 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Montecillo
Spain	"Complex and showing so much of what we love about Ribera del Duero. Baking spices, mature fruit and leather grace the stately bouquet, while the palate sings a pretty tune of berries, plum and brown sugar. There's thrust and potency to the mouthfeel but also a toasty, rich, mocha character. Drinking good now but should hold in there for another five to eight years."	Gran Reserva	92	75	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alidis 2001 Gran Reserva  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Alidis
Germany	"Hints of smoke and earth on the nose lead to a riper and sweeter, approachably fruity palate. It's a light bodied spätlese, easy drinking, with loads of sunny, sweet white grapefruit and tangerine flavors. Drink now."	Spätlese	88	13	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Heinz Eifel 2016 Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Heinz Eifel
US	"This New World blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Sémillon, Chardonnay and Viognier is very fruity. It offers a blast of pineapples, honeysuckles, peaches and figs, with a coating of oaky, vanilla buttercream."	Alluvium Blanc	86	16	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma			Beringer 2007 Alluvium Blanc White (Knights Valley)	White Blend	Beringer
US	"Dark and full-bodied in style and taste, this savory wine offers leathery tannins and value for the quality. Wild berries rise to the fore on the nose and palate, with a floral rejoinder and herbal, woodsy notes."		86	29	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Picayune 2013 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Picayune
France	"This is a deeply rich, very impressive wine from a great white-wine vintage. It's concentrated with the essence of pure Chardonnay. It has tension along with a full texture. Age it for at least 10 years."		95	398	Burgundy	Chevalier-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vincent Girardin 2010  Chevalier-Montrachet	Chardonnay	Domaine Vincent Girardin
Italy	Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot are aged in large oak casks to produce a balanced relationship between the wine's fruit and spice-driven components. It's an informal and easy-drinking wine that would pair with roast beef or honey-glazed ham.	D'Echo	85	16	Tuscany	Toscana				Leopoldo I di Toscana 2007 D'Echo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Leopoldo I di Toscana
France	"Still young with attractive fresh fruits, this wine needs to age. With its bright acidity and white fruits, it's just beginning to hint at the mineral structure behind. Drink from 2018."	Vaucoupin Premier Cru	89	45	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Ellevin 2013 Vaucoupin Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Ellevin
US	"This wine is the top of the line for Black Kite, and it certainly does not disappoint. Tea leaves, raspberry and cherry make a great blend of aromas, while the fruit flavors are bright like red cherries, the texture lively and fresh, and the overall impression very elegant. Best now through 2020."	Angel Hawk	93	85	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Black Kite 2013 Angel Hawk Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Black Kite
US	"This is an impressive take on the unoaked style, with pithy aromas of grapefruit and quinine leading into a tropical sense of guava skins, melon rinds and white-peach flesh. The acidity is mellow but persistent on the sip, where Key lime, pink grapefruit and sharp citrus flavors shine."	Unoaked	92	25	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wrights Station 2014 Unoaked Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Wrights Station
US	"The Shea Vineyard, replanted during the 1990s due to phylloxera, is returning to its old form. Round and fresh fruit flavors, lightly toasty, and showing a dusting of powdered sugar, craft a fruity wine with a raspberry pastry character. Lovely for near-term enjoyment."	Shea Vineyard	89	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rex Hill 2008 Shea Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Rex Hill
US	"This is the first round of wines from this project by John Wagner, who owns parts of Sierra Madre and John Sebastiano vineyards, and winemaker Paul Lato. Black-plum skins, roasted game, anise and sandalwood aromas show on the nose. Earthy and zesty, the palate delivers cranberry-beet juice along with roasted fennel, eucalyptus oil and bitter Earl Grey tea touches."		93	40	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Peake Ranch 2014 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Peake Ranch
Argentina	"Big and forward but still elegant, which is what we like. Spice and bold black fruit carry the bouquet, which leads straight to a smooth palate flush with berry, plum and cola flavors. Finishes like glass, meaning it's super smooth. A voluptuous but balanced wine, with only the slightest hint of syrup. Drink now."	Reserva	90	46	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ksana 2005 Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Ksana
Argentina	"Rough conflicted aromas of horseradish, beets and horse hide lead to a hard grabby palate that feels sticky and tannic. The heavy oak blends with stewed herbal black-fruit flavors before a scratchy tannic finish."	ROD	84	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mascota 2015 ROD Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mascota
US	"This is a light and fruity wine that's forward on the palate, with red berries and hints of orange peel. It leaves a tart, citrusy aftertaste."	99W	86	19	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	RouteStock 2011 99W Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	RouteStock
US	"Ripe fruit flavors and chocolate accents give opulent character to this full-bodied wine. The flavors are suggestive of late-picked grapes, raisins and ripe figs, while the texture is easy and almost soft, with no tannic bite."	Vista Luna	89	26	California	Central Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Neyers 2015 Vista Luna Zinfandel	Zinfandel	Neyers
US	"Rich and oaky, with pineapple jam, tangerine juice, buttered toast and vanilla spice flavors. It's a big, opulent wine, but a little in your face. Drink now."		89	37	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Cakebread 2010 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Cakebread
US	"This release represents a gigantic leap forward for Oberon in their basic Cabernet Sauvignon. Past releases have been so-so. This one's terrific. Blended from vineyards all over the valley, it shows all the hallmarks of a Napa Cab you want. It's dry, full-bodied and impressively ripe in blackberries, currants, licorice and oak, with a long, smooth finish."		91	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Oberon 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Oberon
US	"This wine, from a new collaboration between San Miguel vintner David DuBois and Santa Ynez winemaker Andres Ibarra, shows excellently on the nose, with apple blossoms, white peach flesh, cold butter, seared lemons and garden herbs. The dynamic, engaging palate is framed by pencil shavings and browned butter, with lemon peels, nectarine flesh and hints of salted pineapple."		92	32	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cholame 2012 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Cholame
Italy	"A candied element of butterscotch, caramel and dried apricot opens the nose of this luminous and bright Chardonnay. The wine is smooth and soft in the mouth with enduring flavors of stone fruit and mineral (in fact, vineyard soils are heavy in chalk content). Baglio del Cristo is Sicily's hottest new winery to watch."	Laudàri	90	21	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Baglio del Cristo di Campobello 2007 Laudàri Chardonnay (Sicilia)	Chardonnay	Baglio del Cristo di Campobello
US	"Fresh and bright, with notes of orange peel and lemon, this dry, intensely mineral Riesling is effortlessly quaffable. While delicate in body, the palate is concentrated with apple and lime flavors, and finishes with a slick of beeswax and honey."	Reserve	88	50	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Sheldrake Point 2011 Reserve Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Sheldrake Point
France	"Potentially an aromatic wine that will develop a rich, velvety character. At this young stage, the fruit is dominated by firm tannins that sit at the heart of the wine. It has all the density for a good development, aging over 5–10 years."		91	37	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Bessane 2008  Margaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Bessane
US	"Elegant and crisp, with a cherry-berry nose that gives way to strawberry and lingonberry in the mouth. The medium finish shows nice earth and cherry flavors set in a bed of fine tannins. Drink 1 to 2 years."		84	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes			Damiani 2007 Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Damiani
US	"This is a blend of Testarossa's far-flung vineyards across California, hence the statewide appellation. It's extraordinarily rich and explosive in apricots, pineapples, guavas, nectarines, buttered toast and smoky, caramelized oak. So muscular that you might want to age it for a year or two, to let it calm down."	Diana's	92	55	California	California	California Other			Testarossa 2007 Diana's Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
US	"A slightly different flavor spectrum makes this pale-colored, lean and crisp sparkling wine stand out. With notes of honeydew melon and cucumber, and great balance from juicy acidity, it tastes slightly sweet and as refreshing as those fruit descriptors would suggest."	Extra Dry Cuvee Januariis Blanc de	89	22	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bodkin NV Extra Dry Cuvee Januariis Blanc de Sauvignon Blanc (Lake County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bodkin
Australia	"Odd notes of Pez candy and confectioner's sugar open this new entry from Southeast Australia. With a watery palate and an almost nonexistent finish, the wine does not make as much of an impression as the catchy name."		80	12	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia				Woomera 2006 Chardonnay (South Eastern Australia)	Chardonnay	Woomera
US	"This is a lighter, thinner vintage for this wine, but it offers a lot of pleasure to those with the patience to let it breathe. Delicate fruit flavors of raspberry, cherry and rose water carry a musky note. The finish is underscored with a mineral base."	Erendira's Rise	88	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ermisch 2013 Erendira's Rise Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ermisch
US	"This is Steven Kent's fourth vintage of Lineage, his blockbuster Bordeaux red from carefully tended Livermore fruit. Predominantly Cabernet Sauvignon (65%), it includes 16% Cab Franc, 15% Merlot, 3% Petit Verdot and 2% Malbec. Layered in coffee and herbal cassis, and finely structured, it is an elegant, herbal-kissed, slightly coy wine, enjoyable now with a big meal or ready to sleep in bottle until 2024–2029."		94	145	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lineage 2010 Red (Livermore Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Lineage
Austria	"White summer blossom and fresh green pear create a superlight, superfresh opening. The palate continues in the same vein: ultralight as befits the 2014 vintage, but with an aromatic, spicy, peppery edge. It makes for a perfect, light summer apéritif."		90	19	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Tinhof 2014 White (Burgenland)	White Blend	Tinhof
Chile	"Grapefruit aromas are a touch stale and harsh. This feels plump, with just enough acidity. Citrus and green-herb flavors roll onto a finish that feels oily and grabby."	Reserva Estate Bottled	84	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilensis 2015 Reserva Estate Bottled Sauvignon Blanc (Maule Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Chilensis
US	"In a classic combination of ripe flavors and lip-smacking structure, this full-bodied wine wraps concentrated black cherry and mint aromas and generous cherry and blackberry flavors in muscular tannins that keep the texture fresh."	Estate Bottled	90	40	California	Shenandoah Valley (CA)	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Easton 2013 Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Shenandoah Valley (CA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Easton
France	"This premier cru is on the cooler left bank of the Serein river, making this vintage a crisply mineral wine that's tight with zesty lemon and fine crisp acidity. The hints of yellow fruits are still to develop. The wine is structured and needs to age, so drink from 2018."	Vau de Vey Premier Cru	92	32	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Marc Brocard 2015 Vau de Vey Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Jean-Marc Brocard
US	"Smooth but tangy, this offers good fresh citrus aromas and flavors, a softer-than-usual texture but a bright, clean character that stays fresh on the finish."		84	23	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bota Box 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bota Box
Spain	"Floral red-fruit aromas show a touch of wild animal. The tight and choppy palate holds racy flavors of cherry and plum. A long, fruity finish rolls out little by little, with a lasting feel of grape skins."		89	30	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terroir Al Límit 2016 Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Terroir Al Límit
US	"It is entirely conceivable that this blend of the two Cabernets could improve dramatically with time in the bottle. Currently, it's a very dry, firmly tannic wine, with black currant, mocha, cherry and new oak flavors that have a distinctive edge of sweet herbs, figs and tobacco. Improves considerably with airing in the glass, so decant if you drink it anytime soon."		92	90	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Viader 2005 Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Viader
US	"A waft of freshly baked baguette unfurls on the nose of this wine, followed by sautéed mushroom scents, giving it earthy character. Soft and round on the palate, the fruit tends toward darker, lusher notes of blueberry and plum."	Ewald Vineyard	90	49	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Siduri 2014 Ewald Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
US	"Scents of leather, smoke and mint give this Bordeaux-style red blend a savory intrigue. It has an open and finessed texture, but the acidity jumps high toward the finish, making the wine border on feeling shrill. Try pairing it with seared lamb chops with tapenade to help tame the acidity."	Rooster	83	26	Virginia	Virginia				Veramar NV Rooster Red (Virginia)	Red Blend	Veramar
US	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc, this wine offers subtle, beguiling aromas of coffee, herbs, barrel spice, pencil lead and cherry. The cranberry and cherry flavors are tart and focused, putting a focus on elegance."	Carriage House DuBrul Vineyard	91	50	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Côte Bonneville 2010 Carriage House DuBrul Vineyard Red (Yakima Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Côte Bonneville
US	"Lean and dry on the palate, this medium-bodied wine has a subtle concentration of red-fruit flavors and fine layers of mineral and spice that unfold on the palate. Grown on a pioneering property along the Sonoma Cost, it will be best after 2020."	West Ridge	91	85	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Hirsch 2014 West Ridge Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Hirsch
US	"The winery identifies this as “the best barrels from our best lots.” Supple and streaked with chocolate and caramel, this explosion of cherry, cassis, cola and Dr. Pepper contains sneaky notes of tobacco and pepper threaded through the lingering finish. Richness and depth prevail throughout."	Elizabeth's Reserve	93	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Adelsheim 2010 Elizabeth's Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Adelsheim
US	This limited block selection comes from own-rooted vines planted in 1979. Full-fruited flavors combine into a fresh and lush mix of berries and cherries with a citrusy kick. There's a tropical punch sensibility combined with the texture and depth of a very fine Pinot. The tannins are polished and in perfect proportion.	Flat Block	92	58	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bethel Heights 2014 Flat Block Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Bethel Heights
Spain	"An opening salvo of honey and white fruits is solid as can be. The palate rolls out dry, angular citrus, pineapple and apple flavors in front of a finish that's naturally fresh and nutty. A bubbly with no muss, fuss or confusion. Best if you like ‘em dry."	Capdevila Pujol Reserva Especial Brut Natural	89	15	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cava Blancher NV Capdevila Pujol Reserva Especial Brut Natural Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Cava Blancher
Germany	"Intense lemon and lime-skin aromas add sheen to ripe, juicy citrus, peach and honey flavors in this off-dry Riesling. Racy and crisp on the palate, it finishes vibrant and dry with lingering crushed-slate minerality. A fantastic bargain for such a solid wine."	Dr. L	89	12	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Loosen Bros. 2011 Dr. L Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Loosen Bros.
France	"With all the signature acidity of the 1996 vintage, this shows plenty of aging potential. The wine is thirst-quenchingly fresh, with the flavor of just-squeezed lime juice, but also has a depth of complex tannins and texture. Drink now but age for five years or more."	Blanc de Blancs Brut	94	180	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bruno Paillard 1996 Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Bruno Paillard
Italy	"A blend of Insolia and Chardonnay, this opens with a light golden color and fragrant aromas of honeysuckle, white almond and stone fruit. It shows a thick, creamy consistency on the palate."	Angimbé	88	17	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Cusumano 2011 Angimbé White (Sicilia)	White Blend	Cusumano
Italy	"Löwengang is one of the few Italian white wines built to age many long years in the cellar. Chardonnay is farmed according to bio-dynamic ideals and shaped by oak barrique. The result is creamy, rich, structured and redolent of apricot, vanilla, citrus cream and spice."	Löwengang	92	48	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Alois Lageder 2008 Löwengang Chardonnay (Alto Adige)	Chardonnay	Alois Lageder
US	"One sip is all it takes to understand that this is a vital, impressive and possibly profound wine. A blend of 96% Merlot and 4% Cabernet Franc, it displays the voluptuous richness of a Heidi Barrett wine, but also shows a firmness of character and a structural dryness that elevate it. Exceptionally flavorful in blackberries and cherries, it has tantalizing hints of herbs, olive tapenade and, of course, intensely fine oak. Drink now–2016."		95	200	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Amuse Bouche 2008 Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Amuse Bouche
France	"Vanilla and caramel flavors dominate this wine after 12 months in French oak. That means that the fruit is really not allowed to shine. It is firm, very dry and all about spice. A pepper flavor from the alcohol leaves a burn in the mouth."		83	16	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut Prieur 2012  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut Prieur
US	"Big, ripe, rich and well-oaked. That pretty much says it all about this show-offy wine, with its bold, tropical fruit flavors, crisp coastal acidity and sleek structure. The tart taste of minerally gunmetal adds complexity."	Katherine's Estate Bottled	89	22	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Cambria 2001 Katherine's Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Cambria
US	"They say the grapes come from Lake, Napa, Sonoma, and Mendocino counties. There are some pretty good black-currant and oak aromas, but the flavors are thin and sharp. It’s well made, as you’d expect. Still, the overall impression is lean and austere."	Coastal	83	13	California	North Coast	North Coast			Robert Mondavi 1998 Coastal Cabernet Sauvignon (North Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Robert Mondavi
Italy	"Menthol, mint, leather, forest floor and a balsamic note lead the way. The firm palate offers dried cherry, anise, bitter chocolate, chopped herb and clove alongside assertive tannins."		89	42	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fontanafredda 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Fontanafredda
France	"The fruit isn't the star of this wine; instead, intense notes of forest floor and cola spice dominate the nose and palate. Sure, the red berry and cherry flavors are there, but they're just hanging in the background of this bright yet herbaceous selection."	Les Sangliers	85	12	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Labouré-Roi 2010 Les Sangliers Pinot Noir (Pays d'Oc)	Pinot Noir	Labouré-Roi
US	"Winemaker Kenneth Juhasz sources fruit from the Ranch House Block within the larger Durell Vineyard for this wine. From Wente clones, it offers intensity and bracing acidity—a crisp, bright and stony celebration that's both lovely and sublime. Its gravelly texture recalls rock candy and apple sprinkled with spice."	Durell Vineyard	93	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dunstan 2014 Durell Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Dunstan
US	"Scents of white grapefruit and honeydew rind introduce this dry, refreshing Riesling. It's quite delicate in structure but concentrated with fresh apple flavor accented by bright lemon-lime acidity. Finishes on an earthy saffron note."	Bullhorn Creek Vineyard	87	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Red Newt Cellars 2011 Bullhorn Creek Vineyard Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Red Newt Cellars
Italy	"Aromas of red cherry, blackberry, herb and a whiff of blue flower lead the nose. Made entirely with Sangiovese, the palate doles out fleshy plum and juicy black cherry while clove, white pepper and grilled herb provide backup. Sleek tannins make this already very accessible."	Riserva	90	35	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Calcinaia 2011 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Villa Calcinaia
US	"Despite the cartoonish label, this wine is rough and rugged, with a tannic authority that may mellow with bottle age. Spice, berry, currant and leaf all combine into a wine whose herbal side seems to be its strength."	Sweeney Estate	87	40	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cherry Hill 2006 Sweeney Estate Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Cherry Hill
France	"A generous and ripe wine, this is rich with citrus, apple along with hints of tropical fruits. The mineral texture gives the wine its shape and brings out the full-throated fruitiness. It is a wine to age for a few months, so drink from 2018."	Domaine Pascal Balland	88	28	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Collegiale des Domaines de Loire 2016 Domaine Pascal Balland  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Collegiale des Domaines de Loire
US	"In the blend are smaller percentages of Cab Franc, Merlot and Petit Verdot. The Red Mountain AVA is noted for thick, tannic wines, with superior aging potential. Here the earthy, peppery red fruits are buttressed with vivid acids and somewhat chewy tannins. The wine was aged two years in 40% new French oak."	La Bestia	87	55	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lachini 2011 La Bestia Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lachini
Italy	"This landmark Italian wine continues to show the best of Tuscany, as it faithfully does year after year. The quality is obvious, thanks to rich notes of chocolate, black cherry and spice that are wrapped tight within a lush, soft and texture. The close is velvety and very long."	Tignanello	94	99	Tuscany	Toscana				Marchesi Antinori 2008 Tignanello Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Marchesi Antinori
Portugal	"With winemaking from Francisco Olazabal of Quinta do Vale Meão behind it, this is a ripe, powerful and concentrated wine. It has solid tannins, dark juicy black fruits and a balance between structure and acidity that will allow it to age. Drink this exemplary wine from 2017."	Sete Vales	90	13	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de Porrais 2012 Sete Vales Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de Porrais
US	"Deceptively shy about its use of oak, this white exudes rich aromas of baked pear and vanilla yet delivers a refreshing amount of acidity on the palate, remaining crisp yet softly layered around a medium build. The finish lingers on a ginger snap accent."	Montona Reserve	90	53	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Andretti 2013 Montona Reserve Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Andretti
Spain	"Intense, concentrated aromas of rubber band, blackened spices, mint and eucalyptus lead to a shear, rock-hard palate that offers almost zero cushion to absorb massively rugged tannins. Woody, minty blackberry flavors end with heavy oak, herbal notes and blatant astringency. Drink 2018–2030."	F	90	85	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Fuentespina 2011 F  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Fuentespina
Germany	"Hints of beeswax and lemon rind introduce this deeply mineral dry Riesling. It's delicately framed, with tart tangerine flavors that bristle with acidity. A hint of honey lingers softly on the finish."	Kiedricher Sandgrub Erste Lage	89	59	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Baron Knyphausen 2010 Kiedricher Sandgrub Erste Lage Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Baron Knyphausen
US	"From the producer's monumental Atlas Peak vineyard, this is a tightly wound, solidly constructed mountain Cab, blended with a handful of Petit Verdot. Tobacco, black tea and a sliver of coconut intermingle around a medium-bodied whole that will benefit from cellaring, through 2021."	Animo	91	85	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Michael Mondavi Family Estate 2011 Animo Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Michael Mondavi Family Estate
US	"The aromas of apricot, drizzled honey, lime and pear are followed by off-dry, lightly spritzy stone-fruit flavors that linger."	The Jack	88	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Saviah 2014 The Jack Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Saviah
Italy	"This offers red currant, black cherry and chocolate flavors, with a hint of green pepper. It's round and accessible, with soft tannins."	Contessa di Radda	87	18	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Agricoltori del Chianti Geografico 2010 Contessa di Radda  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Agricoltori del Chianti Geografico
US	"This wide-open, flavorful wine is lifted by accents of tobacco and cocoa that sit above the light and pretty cherry flavor. The finish is laden with a mocha note, which provides a pleasing conclusion."	H3	88	15	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2010 H3 Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Columbia Crest
South Africa	"Dusty tannins with a fair amount of grip are a good match to the plum, white chocolate and intense, dusty earth. A note of oaky vanilla carries through to the slightly herby finish."		86	15	Coastal Region					Fleur Du Cap 2001 Merlot (Coastal Region)	Merlot	Fleur Du Cap
US	"Fermented in 80% stainless steel and 20% barrel, this at first shows a touch of barrel reduction on the nose that dissipates into richly layered stone fruit and fresh lime. Lingering minerality provides freshness and perspective."	Hi Vista Vineyard	91	19	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tin Barn 2015 Hi Vista Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Carneros)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tin Barn
Italy	"One of Italy's most iconic bottlings, the 2012 Sassicaia is drop-dead gorgeous. A blend of 85% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Cabernet Franc, it boasts sensations of blue flowers, cedar, juicy red currants, ripe raspberries, white pepper and a balsamic note. Structured, radiant and loaded with finesse, it delivers everything you'd expect from a world-class wine and more. Drink 2018–2032."	Sassicaia	99	235	Tuscany	Bolgheri Sassicaia		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta San Guido 2012 Sassicaia  (Bolgheri Sassicaia)	Red Blend	Tenuta San Guido
US	"This is a light and charming Pinot Noir with aromas like cherry candy, bright fruit flavors and a touch of candied sweetness on the finish. It is light to medium bodied and benefits from crisp acidity and soft tannins to liven up the texture."		86	24	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Outlier 2012 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Outlier
Austria	"For now, funky yeast dominates the nose. The palate, however, abounds with friendly yellow Mirabelle plum and mandarin notes, all pulled into beautiful focus by lemon freshness. There is concentration and drive, energy and verve. This is beautiful, impressive and yet friendly and gentle. Lovely balance and aromatic length."	Sprinzenberg	92	30	Kremstal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Geyerhof 2015 Sprinzenberg Riesling (Kremstal)	Riesling	Geyerhof
US	"Entirely sourced from this Sangiacomo family-farmed vineyard, which is planted entirely to the Old Wente clone, this wine offers fleshy and tropical juiciness and texture. Aged in French oak, the vast majority of it neutral, the wine lets the fruit and acidity speak for themselves."	Sangiacomo Green Acres Hill	90	46	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Eric Kent 2013 Sangiacomo Green Acres Hill Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Eric Kent
US	"Made by Robert Pepi, this wine reveals an elegance of dried herb and forest floor, while dry, generous tannins pack a punch. Blackberry and mocha lurk in the background, unable to overcome the wine's greener aspects."	Spring Mountain District	84	65	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Eponymous 2011 Spring Mountain District Cabernet Sauvignon (Spring Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Eponymous
US	"This high-octane wine smells like Port, honey and black figs. It tastes very ripe, almost hot, feels quite tannic and heavy, and has a touch of sweetness to redeem it. Enjoy this as an after-dinner drink with chocolate or a cigar."	Peoples Blend	85	18	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	The Winery SF 2011 Peoples Blend Red (North Coast)	Red Blend	The Winery SF
US	"This wine's aromas are locked up but still show nuance, with fresh herb, flower, vanilla, chocolate and cherry notes. The palate shows restraint despite the warm region and vintage, with firm, lightly dry tannins providing support. It shows well at the dinner table."	Weinbau Vineyard Block 10	89	36	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Adega Northwest 2014 Weinbau Vineyard Block 10 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Adega Northwest
France	"Produced from Chardonnay grown on the Montagne de Reims and in the Sézanne region further south, this is a fresh wine, more fruity than mineral although with a definite tilt towards citrus acidity and perfumed acidity. It's delicate, stylish and the bottling is ready to drink. Palmer is the brand name for a grouping of seven growers."	Blanc de Blancs Brut	89	79	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Palmer & Co NV Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Palmer & Co
US	"A red-mauve in color, this bottling shows pomegranate, watermelon, strawberry paste and brioche on the nose. It's a rich style of rosé, with strawberry, cherry and red-plum fruit lifted by clove spice and a strong acidity."	Soul Mate	88	22	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Grey Wolf Cellars 2015 Soul Mate Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	Grey Wolf Cellars
France	This is an attractive blend of Braucol and Syrah which gives a ripe spicy wine. Red-berry flavors dominate with a rich texture and light acidity. The wine is perfumed and ready to drink.	Les Gravels	87	16	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Rotier 2015 Les Gravels Rosé (Gaillac)	Rosé	Domaine Rotier
Italy	"Fruity aromas of dark berry and scorched soil lead the nose on this informal red. The simple easygoing palate offers morello cherry and a hint of dried herb alongside soft, fleeting tannins."		86	15	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Coli 2015  Morellino di Scansano	Red Blend	Coli
US	"The intriguing golden-pink color looks like sun shining through a rose petal, and the aromas of honey, buttered popcorn and pecan pie are just as appealing. Once sipped, the flavors of poached salmon somehow show. These continue into a long finish, although the acidity soon wipes the slate clean like a good rosé should. This is one of many wines made by ninth-generation Santa Maria Valleyite James Ontiveros."	Rosé	92	18	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Alta Maria 2013 Rosé Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Alta Maria
Germany	"This plump, medium-bodied Riesling is off-dry in style but avoids the one-dimensional fruitiness that sometimes plague the genre. Slate and brine notes mark the nose, balanced against peach, apple and citrus flavors."		87	26	Mosel-Saar-Ruwer			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Dr. H. Thanisch (Erben Thanisch) 2007 Riesling (Mosel-Saar-Ruwer)	Riesling	Dr. H. Thanisch (Erben Thanisch)
France	"Ripe and juicy, this wine has good acidity that accompanies the attractive, seemingly sweet tannins. Concentrated, it needs several years to broaden out."	Classic	85	16	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lauduc 2010 Classic  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lauduc
US	"Reduced, with a pronounced aroma and flavor of barrel, in actuality this is a stainless-steel-fermented wine that takes on weight and density as if it spent time in wood. Meaty, it has an end note of caramel."	Coryelle Fields Vineyard Joon Rosé of	85	23	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tin Barn 2014 Coryelle Fields Vineyard Joon Rosé of Syrah (Sonoma Coast)	Syrah	Tin Barn
Spain	"This ruby colored Syrah-led blend is stout, oaky, minerally and convincing, with ripe cassis, prune and licorice aromas. Full, rubbery tannins make for a choppy palate, while briny and earthy flavors of blackberry and plum finish with a punch of acidity."	Selección	89	22	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Monterebro 2013 Selección Red (Jumilla)	Red Blend	Monterebro
US	"A new side project between longtime Shafer Vineyards partners Doug Shafer and Elias Fernandez, the Eighty Four wines are meant to showcase varieties outside of what they do at their day jobs. A leathery texture with juicy plum and blackberry make for a supple, enjoyable wine, laced in coconut and rocky earth. Drink now through 2020."		91	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Eighty Four 2012 Malbec (Napa Valley)	Malbec	Eighty Four
US	"Intensely dark and focused, this bottling from Santa Barbara County's historic vineyard is unrivaled in intensity, showing mulberry, elderberry, crushed rock, roast beef and a hint of sagebrush. Full but not sweet boysenberry flavors come through on the palate, balanced by dusty earth, wet stone and more chaparral spice notes."	Sanford & Benedict	94	58	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fess Parker 2015 Sanford & Benedict Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Fess Parker
US	"Soft and tannic, with jammy flavors of blackberries, cherries, dark chocolate and spices. Not showing much structure, and not going anywhere, so drink up."		85	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Valley Legend 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Valley Legend
US	"Ciel du Cheval Vineyard fruit makes up the majority of this wine, with the balance from Olsen Vineyard in the Yakima Valley. Aromas are bright and fruit forward, with notes of purple fruit and spice. The palate is rich, dense and dark, pulling up just a touch toward the finish."	Wild Eyed	91	48	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Mark Ryan 2014 Wild Eyed Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	Mark Ryan
US	"A blend sourced from the Steinhauer, Bancroft Ranch and St. Helena Home vineyards, among others, this is a full-bodied and ageworthy wine. Leathery black pepper and blackberry notes form the backbone, with a length of currant, raspberry and dark cherry fruit, accented with minty tobacco. Cellar through 2033."	Private Reserve	93	170	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Beringer 2013 Private Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beringer
Israel	"Restrained aromas of black plum barely set the stage for flavors of dark plum, cherry-vanilla, mint eucalyptus and ground black pepper. Fruit flavors are soft, but the minty notes never overpower brightness and acidity. Tannins are just shy of opulent, and the finish is marked by a note of tart apple crispness."		91	40	Golan Heights			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Bazelet HaGolan 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Golan Heights)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bazelet HaGolan
Argentina	"This Cabernet Sauvignon-led blend opens with oaky, medicinal aromas of mint and cherry candy. The palate is fairly full but raw in feel, while scratchy, long-running flavors of leather and earth accent core red fruit. Licorice and mint lead an oaky finish."	Gala 2 Cabernet Sauvignon-Cabernet Franc-Merlot	88	39	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luigi Bosca 2010 Gala 2 Cabernet Sauvignon-Cabernet Franc-Merlot Red (Mendoza)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Luigi Bosca
Italy	"This is still rather closed, but eventually reveals aromas suggesting red berry, clove and a balsamic note that carry over to the bracing palate along with raspberry extract. It's tightly tannic, with an Amaretto-like finish."		87	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Dosio 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Dosio
US	"Among the impressive single-vineyard Adelsheim Pinots, this is the only one from this tiny AVA. It's loaded with bright, sparky cranberry and raspberry fruit, whose juicy flavors hit the palate's bullseye. The penetrating power is underscored with minerally acidity. Drink now through 2030."	Ribbon Springs Vineyard	93	75	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Adelsheim 2013 Ribbon Springs Vineyard Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Adelsheim
Portugal	"Elegant, fresh wine, full of delicious red berry fruits, a fruit salad of red and black plums and a light touch of spice. Bright, juicy, ready to drink."	Castelo do Sulco Colheita	86	9	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Parras Vinhos 2008 Castelo do Sulco Colheita Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Parras Vinhos
US	"Sharp and jammy, with blackberry, cherry and black raspberry flavors that finish dry and tannic. It's all upfront, so drink now."	Tecolote Vineyards	84	39	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma			Elements of Sonoma 2003 Tecolote Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon (Knights Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Elements of Sonoma
US	"This large-production Zin has lots to like, beginning with the smooth, dry tannins and continuing through the classic flavors of black currants, briary forest berries and exotic spices. It contains some Petite Sirah, which gives it added body and depth. Drink now with barbecue, beef tacos and pepperoni pizza."		88	24	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Seghesio 2011 Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Seghesio
US	"Four out of five of the Bordeaux red varieties are represented here, as well as Petite Sirah. The mix is juicy in cherry and cranberry, supported by a soft, tannic backbone that's somewhat dull on the finish, accented along the way by oak and leather."	Signature Series	83	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tiedemann 2011 Signature Series Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Tiedemann
US	"A soft, gluey Pinot Noir, with almost no structure and bizarre cherry candy and medicinal flavors."	Estate Grown	80	18	California	Cienega Valley	Central Coast			Pietra Santa 2009 Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Cienega Valley)	Pinot Noir	Pietra Santa
France	"From a single parcel of old vines, this melon and kiwi-flavored wine has both a round texture and a line of crisp acidity. It is full of ripe fruit, concentrated and brimming with tangy orange acidity at the end. Drink this rich wine from 2018."	Domaine des Grandes Esperances Le Roi Soleil	89	25	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Saget la Perrière 2016 Domaine des Grandes Esperances Le Roi Soleil Sauvignon Blanc (Touraine)	Sauvignon Blanc	Saget la Perrière
France	"This wine has the lightest of rosé colors, so fresh and light and fruity. With crisp acidity, raspberry and red currants, it just dances on the palate."		89	19	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Commanderie de la Bargemone 2013 Rosé (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rosé	Commanderie de la Bargemone
South Africa	"A medium to deep ruby color opens things up. The wine is well-balanced and the tannins soft. Unfortunately, however, this structure is fleshed out with only light coffee notes, and therein lies the problem."		82	14	Paarl					Backsberg 1998 Merlot (Paarl)	Merlot	Backsberg
US	"This is a spaghetti with tomato sauce wine, high in acidity, with very ripe, sweet cherry and cured tobacco flavors and firm tannins. It's kind of like an old fashioned Chianti."	AD	86	28	California	North Coast	North Coast			Carlotta 2009 AD Red (North Coast)	Red Blend	Carlotta
US	"Cigar box and very ripe strawberry dominate the aromatic profile, though a bit of bell pepper lingers in the background. It's light and racy on the palate, with cherry cola, cedar and mellow tannins, making for a very fresh and fun wine, best served after mild chilling."		89	22	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Brander 2012 Merlot (Santa Ynez Valley)	Merlot	Brander
Italy	"This Riserva shows sweet ripe fruit, with rum cake, blackberry jam and cinnamon-cream notes. Some bright cherry and prune accents also appear."	50 Vendemmia Riserva	88	16	Southern Italy	Salice Salentino				Leone de Castris 2009 50 Vendemmia Riserva Red (Salice Salentino)	Red Blend	Leone de Castris
US	"Brisk lemon and apple notes are delicate and unassuming on the nose, making the blossomy, peachy palate on this Chardonnay a pleasant surprise. Despite its bold alcohol, zesty acidity lends freshness and the finish is invigoratingly mineral."	Barrel Fermented	89	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Damiani 2014 Barrel Fermented Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Damiani
US	"This is the winery's first vintage of prominently labeling its reserve-tier Cab under the To Kalon name, a nod to the vineyard's importance in the blend, which is almost all Cabernet Sauvignon, with handfuls of Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. Soft and structured, it's a subtly powerful wine, offering cassis, cranberry, dried herb and savory touch of black tea."	To Kalon Vineyard Reserve	93	145	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Robert Mondavi 2011 To Kalon Vineyard Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Robert Mondavi
US	"Power and grace come together in this deceptively concentrated, full-bodied, complex, sophisticated and age-worthy wine. A light hand on the new-oak nuances allows the pure, focused fruit flavors to course through on the palate and linger on the finish. It will be best after 2020."	Ferrington Vineyard	95	65	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	FEL 2014 Ferrington Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	FEL
US	"A light entry holds flavors of strawberry and tomato leaf, then turns tannic. Chewy and earthy, with more than a hint of seed and stem, this wine comes from biodynamically farmed grapes that add some earthy nuances, but put too much emphasis on green tea, stemmy flavors."	Renegade Ridge Estate	85	75	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Archery Summit 2004 Renegade Ridge Estate Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Archery Summit
US	"This is a pleasant, medium-bodied wine with ripe fruit and spice flavors and a touch of tannin providing firmness. What it lacks in varietal personality it makes up in value."		85	18	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	The Naked Grape NV Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	The Naked Grape
US	"This is the first wine from this new winery. Clean, light berry fruit is the whole show, and it's a forward, fruity Zin with friendly, simple flavors."	Cervina	85	22	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Venus 1998 Cervina Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Venus
US	"Sanguine and velvety, this richly derived wine made from one clone of Pinot Noir is tannic in black cherry, cinnamon and tar, with a lean, mid-length finish."	Clone 828	88	58	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Halleck 2013 Clone 828 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Halleck
France	"The steep Monts Damnés Vineyard is one of the top sites in Sancerre. It has produced a wine that is both concentrated and aromatically fruity. It is stylish and full of acidity, with white fruits and tight structure. Ready for aging over several years."	La Côtes des Monts Damnés	93	32	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2010 La Côtes des Monts Damnés  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Henri Bourgeois
France	"Owned by the Bernard family who also own one of the major Bordeaux negociants, Millésima, the wine is structured, deliciously fruity and with a series of smoky tannins that will allow it to age. It comes from a vineyard close to Pauillac and that shows in the dense Cabernet Sauvignon that gives the wine its weight. Drink from 2021."		91	17	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Peyrabon 2014  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Peyrabon
US	"This is clean and fresh, with bright scents and flavors of pomegranate and raspberry. It feels good in the mouth, showing youthful punch and presence; the score could rise with another year or two in the bottle."	Crannell Vineyard	87	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amity 2006 Crannell Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Amity
Italy	"New leather, truffle, sun-baked soil, menthol and grilled herb aromas practically jump out of the glass. The big, chewy palate delivers mature wild cherry, black raspberry, licorice and tobacco notes, set against a backdrop of firm, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2020–2027."		93	55	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Col d'Orcia 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Col d'Orcia
Germany	"Waxy lanolin and spice notes add complexity to tart stone-fruit aromas on this sprightly Riesling. Semidry in style, the palate drips with peach nectar flavor, balanced by bracing tangerine acidity. It finishes long, with a refreshing spray of herb notes."	Bernkasteler alte Badstube am Doctorberg Kabinett	90	28	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler 2012 Bernkasteler alte Badstube am Doctorberg Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler
US	"A smooth, supple version of Zinfandel, this is full-bodied and rich but not overly showy or oaky. Blended from 90% Zinfandel plus Petite Sirah and Malbec, it has enticing wild blackberry aromas and flavors, touches of cinnamon and cedar and a lingering finish."	Reserve Old Vine	90	20	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Ironstone 2012 Reserve Old Vine Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Ironstone
Italy	"This sleek, easy-to-drink wine starts off with aromas of plum and lack cherry allied to subtle scents of sandalwood. The wood continues on the palate, but just as an accent—the emphasis is on the fruit."		87	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Valiano 2001  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Valiano
Italy	"Soft, supple and inviting, this is a beautifully executed Chianti Classico that puts as much emphasis on the quality of aromas as it does on the feel the wine imparts in the mouth. It's polished and plush with lingering notes of red fruit, spice and blue flowers."		91	30	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Fontodi 2007  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Fontodi
US	"Ripe, strawberry/raspberry preserves, with a pleasing, jammy, fruity, luscious richness. Ten percent Petite Sirah adds color and punch. There's a fair amount of tannin, but overall a nice balance, and the plush fruit is the highlight."		89	19	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Castle 1998 Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Castle
Greece	"The bone-dry, earthy minerality of Assyrtiko blends well with the crisp, fresh fruit flavors of Sauvignon Blanc in this white blend. Clean, simple flavors of citrus, spice and slate give the wine a quaffable, food-friendly edge."	Ambelonas at Agios Pavlos	87	13	Halkidiki			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Tsantali 2006 Ambelonas at Agios Pavlos White (Halkidiki)	White Blend	Tsantali
US	"Copper-pink in color, this lively, fuller-bodied style rosé is from 100% Pinot Noir, picked specifically for the style, then given time to ferment in stainless barrels and neutral French oak. Intense acidity gives a sizzling quality on the palate, with biting flavors of strawberry and watermelon."	Apollo's Folly Rosé of	90	28	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Silver Trident 2014 Apollo's Folly Rosé of Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Silver Trident
Spain	"Staunch aromas of leather and animal hide ride heavily on top of rubbery blackberry scents. This feels solid but scattered, with cherry and cassis flavors that come across jammy. Rubbery notes and a mild cheesy oak character dominate the finish."	The Issue of Inexpensive Wines is When They Are Not Good Enough	85	11	Levante	Valencia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mamarracho 2014 The Issue of Inexpensive Wines is When They Are Not Good Enough Red (Valencia)	Red Blend	Mamarracho
US	"There's a very good wine in here, but the winery has released it far too early, which shifts the burden of cellaring to the buyer. Right now it's all primary fruit, acidity and oak. But the fruit is beautifully layered in tiers of roasted blackberries, grilled cherries and cola, and the oak is splendid. This dry, silky wine desperately needs to be held until at least late 2010, and should drink well through 2014."	Maritime	92	54	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			W.H. Smith 2008 Maritime Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	W.H. Smith
US	"Soft, layered and reasonably complex, this red blend showcases juicy black cherry, cassis and a wealth of dried herb. A good value for the quality, it'll serve a gathering well, or do its job as a weekday wine."	Tyto	88	18	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Owl Ridge 2012 Tyto Red (Alexander Valley)	Red Blend	Owl Ridge
US	"Lush and fruit forward, Rapture, whose motto is “Don't be left behind!” is full bodied but soft, with leather and herb tones and a smoky finish. Blended with a smidgen of Petite Sirah and reaching 14.9% abv, it tastes every bit of that, with a smoky finish of oak."	Rapture	87	59	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Michael David 2010 Rapture Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Michael David
Chile	"Dry, earthy, spicy aromas of currant and red plum lead to a palate that's high in acidity and almost scouring. Tart, borderline sour plum and currant flavors finish crisp but stripped."	Reserva	86	13	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Volcanes de Chile 2014 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Rapel Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bodega Volcanes de Chile
US	"Full, fleshy and flavorful, this blend of the three estate vineyards offers pretty fruit flavors of strawberry and Bing cherry. It carries a whiff of white pepper, along with luscious, orange-tinged acidity."	Three Vineyard	88	32	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2012 Three Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Chehalem
Portugal	"The wine is ripe, generous and lightly structured. Black currant and black plum fruits surround a dry core that gives texture. It's not for long-term aging."	Tapada dos Coelheiros	86	38	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade dos Coelheiros 2009 Tapada dos Coelheiros Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade dos Coelheiros
US	This is a high-strung sparkler made from equal parts Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. It has a stony texture that leans into rich flavors of brioche and honey.	Bubbles	87	42	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Luna 2013 Bubbles Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Luna
Australia	"An interesting wine, at a good price: Has pastry dough, lime and yellow fruit aromas, and a slightly viscous texture. In the mouth, stone fruit wears a minerally cloak. White pepper and herb flavors add zip to the finish."	The Long Paddock	87	10	Victoria	Victoria				Redbank 2002 The Long Paddock Chardonnay (Victoria)	Chardonnay	Redbank
US	"Marked by excessive heat from high alcohol, with a jalapeño pepper burn all the way through. If you can get past that, it's dry and smoothly tannic, with rich berrry, currant, cocoa and spice flavors."	Il Campo	86	39	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Armida 2009 Il Campo Red (Dry Creek Valley)	Red Blend	Armida
US	"Aged more than two years in air-dried French oak, this is classic Oakville Cabernet Sauvignon, velvety and plush. It boasts juicy blackberry and black cherry fruit aromas and flavors, with weighty oak and a mix of coconut flake and chocolate that linger on the finish."	Family Reserve	93	145	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Venge 2011 Family Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Venge
US	"A 100% varietal wine with layers of leather and bacon at the core, this full-bodied bottling is otherwise soft and juicy in red and black fruit. Overlaying it all is a smoky quality that overbears at times, but will pair well with the right foods."	Estate Grown	88	53	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Envy 2012 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Envy
US	"Generous in lemon custard and pear aromas and flavors, this is a fairly full-bodied style of Chardonnay. It offers roundness balanced by a minerally finish."	The Heritage Collection	87	12	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peirano 2012 The Heritage Collection Chardonnay (Lodi)	Chardonnay	Peirano
Italy	"Aromas of espresso, underbrush, leather, dark spice, mature black-skinned fruit and a suggestion of oak lead the way. The firm palate offers dried black cherry, mocha, vanilla and star anise alongside fine-grained tannins that leave a dusty finish."	Riserva	90	75	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pietranera 2010 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Pietranera
Italy	"This stunning wine opens with scents of tilled earth, leather, pipe tobacco, forest floor and wild berry. The focused, vibrant palate delivers ripe red cherry, white pepper, grilled herb, licorice and an energizing mineral note. Youthfully austere, refined tannins and fresh acidity provide impeccable balance and an impressive, ageworthy structure. Drink 2020–2045."	Vigna Rionda Riserva	96	150	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Massolino 2010 Vigna Rionda Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Massolino
Israel	"An extremely crisp Sauvignon Blanc with fresh lemony citrus aromas and flavors combined with subtle nuances of grass and underripe pineapple. A smooth texture and bracing acidity follow through to a slightly sour but clean, lingering finish."	Kosher	84	13	Shomron			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Recanati 2006 Kosher Sauvignon Blanc (Shomron)	Sauvignon Blanc	Recanati
France	"An incredibly creamy notion of ripe pear rises from the glass. There are also hints of sultana. The aromatic effect is one of huge generosity. The palate, on the other hand, is taut and medium dry, corralling its richness with pleasantly bitter texture and pervading freshness. There is utter concentration, immense verve and freshness. A delicious and moreish contrast between utter precision and the abandon of generosity. The finish is long, dry and fresh."	Brand Grand Cru	94	24	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Charles Sparr 2013 Brand Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Charles Sparr
New Zealand	"Starting to show its age with a pale golden hue, this fumé is classy and restrained. Aromas of waxy lemon, pineapple and green bean mingle with base notes of butterscotch and smoke from the oak. The palate offers less excitement with the fruit disappearing some and searing acidity taking over. Nevertheless, this wine would be a versatile pairing for a variety of dishes."	Kosher Reserve Fumé	89	22	South Island					Goose Bay 2014 Kosher Reserve Fumé Sauvignon Blanc (South Island)	Sauvignon Blanc	Goose Bay
Italy	"Menthol, new leather, blue flower and sage aromas lead this wine's nose, along with a whiff of toast. Taut and savory, it offers crunchy red berry, star anise, ground clove and a hint of tobacco on the palate. Youthfully assertive, fine-grained tannins and vibrant acidity lend structure."	Ovello	90	60	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Morassino 2014 Ovello  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Morassino
France	"A soft juicy wine, with mid-weight. The berry fruits, the black currant juice and the fresh acidity are enjoyable. It's developing fast, and not likely to age."		87	34	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Ferrière 2007  Margaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Ferrière
Italy	"A few famous names have dipped into the Ovello cru for grapes and Cascina Morassino is part of that elite group. Facing the church steeple of Barbaresco, the vineyard delivers smoky notes of tar and asphalt backed by ripe fruit and cedar wood. There's a wild, messy character to this wine that is charming."	Ovello	88	44	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Cascina Morassino 2008 Ovello  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Morassino
US	"There are tons of ripe tangerine, apricot and lime flavors in this flashy Chardonnay. It's rich in vanilla and buttered, toasty oak, with brisk acidity. Easy to drink now."	Estate  Reserve	87	40	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Stuhlmuller Vineyards 2010 Estate  Reserve Chardonnay (Alexander Valley)	Chardonnay	Stuhlmuller Vineyards
Spain	"Jammy, creamy and superripe, with raspberry, burnt toast and coffee on the thick, meaty nose. Flavors reminiscent of an ice cream sundae work the palate, which means berry syrup, chocolate sauce and vanilla are highly prominent. Texturally speaking, this is a smooth, soft and plush wine. It pushes the envelope on ripeness, but that's become the Cirsion way. An awesome wine that deserves a proper decanting."	Cirsion	96	303	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Roda 2005 Cirsion  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Roda
France	"This powerful, concentrated wine hails from the steep granite slopes of the Sommerberg. It is packed with both acidity and structured white fruits and citrus. The wine is textured with great depth of flavor, the acidity streaking right through the wine. It needs aging over at least 5–6 years."	Sommerberg Grand Cru	94	50	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Schoffit 2010 Sommerberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Schoffit
Argentina	"Raspberry is the lead aroma on an otherwise earthy, mossy and aggressive nose. Full bodied and rubbery, this has a blackberry flavor and an overriding baked character. Sweet and unwaivering on the finish."	Gestos	84	14	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Flichman 2011 Gestos Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Finca Flichman
US	"An easy-drinking, sophisticated Sauvignon Blanc, very ripe in pineapples, oranges and kiwi fruit, but balanced with crisp acidity. A touch of new oak adds smoky creaminess. The single vineyard referenced on the label is in a warmer part of Napa Valley."	Single Vineyard	87	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Maroon 2010 Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Maroon
Italy	"This Sangiovese opens with a saturated, deep color and segues into thick aromas of leather, black cherry, chocolate and tobacco. Fresh red fruit and cola co-exist with those heavier tones giving the wine heft and power. The mouthfeel is fruity and straightforward. Part of the Conte Ferdinando Guicciardini estates."	Tosco Forte	87	20	Tuscany	Colli della Toscana Centrale				Castello di Poppiano 2004 Tosco Forte Sangiovese (Colli della Toscana Centrale)	Sangiovese	Castello di Poppiano
US	"This blend of Mourvèdre (78%) and Grenache is a very pretty pale peach color. Aged in a mixture of concrete, stainless steel and neutral French oak, it suggests aromas of citrus, strawberry, herb and spice. It tingles the palate with fresh, lively flavors, showing poise and presence with a citrus-filled finish that lingers."	Oldfield Estate	92	22	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Efeste 2015 Oldfield Estate Rosé (Yakima Valley)	Rosé	Efeste
US	"Pricey for the variety, especially considering the quality, which is not high. Smells and tastes vegetal, with traces of asparagus, oregano and mint, and a weird sweetness on the finish. —S.H."		82	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Peju 2000 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Peju
Chile	"This small-production blend of Carmenère, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah is deep, layered and exciting. The nose is creamy but diligent, with plum, cassis, chocolate and a touch of popcorn coming from the oak. The palate is smooth and healthy, with cassis, cherry, plum, tobacco and herb flavors in front of a bright, alert, cola-driven finish. Really good for a Chilean blend. 500 cases produced."	Tupu Edicion Limitada	90	18	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Santa Cruz 2006 Tupu Edicion Limitada Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Viña Santa Cruz
Italy	"A 50-50 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this opens with aromas of red currant, cooking spice and a lightly toasted note. The sleek, easy palate doles juicy black cherry, crushed raspberry, white pepper and mocha alongside supple tannins and fresh acidity. Enjoy soon."	Balla La Vecchia	88	15	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria San Felo 2012 Balla La Vecchia Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Fattoria San Felo
Portugal	"Syrah is not an approved grape for Douro wines, so the grapes from the small parcel at Romaneira go under the regional name. The wine is rich, generous and concentrated. Perfumed black fruits are laced with fine tannins and a ripe acidity. A wine for aging further, it will be ready from 2018."		90	35	Duriense			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Romaneira 2013 Syrah (Duriense)	Syrah	Quinta da Romaneira
Spain	"Fairly flat on the nose, and also innocuous on the palate. Flavors of green melon and nectarine are modest at best, and while the mouthfeel is decent, the overall character of the wine isn't that exciting. Finishes pithy, citric and mealy. Yet another mediocre Navarran Chardonnay."		83	13	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Señorío de Sarria 2007 Chardonnay (Navarra)	Chardonnay	Señorío de Sarria
Italy	"Structured and loaded with finesse, this opens with a bouquet of blue flower, perfumed red berry and a whiff of cake spice. The silky, focused palate delivers creamy red cherry, ripe raspberry, cinnamon, licorice and mineral tones set in a framework of supple tannins. Drink through 2020."	Spanna Bernardo Vallana	91	25	Piedmont	Colline Novaresi		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vallana 2011 Spanna Bernardo Vallana Nebbiolo (Colline Novaresi)	Nebbiolo	Vallana
France	"At perfect maturity, this rich and complex wine is ripe and full of the more tropical flavors of Sauvignon Blanc. Peach and pineapple are dominant, cut with acidity and tangy lemon zest. It's a full-bodied, concentrated wine that is ready to drink."	Domaine de la Perrière Mégalithe	91	70	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Saget la Perrière 2011 Domaine de la Perrière Mégalithe  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Saget la Perrière
US	"There's a thin line between attractive gooseberry and hay aromas, and more severe pungency. This wine is strong in the latter."		81	16	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Two Wives 2006 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Two Wives
US	"Extremely ripe and tropical aromas of tuberose, jasmine and apple blossoms prove quite overpowering on the nose of this wine. The palate shows lots of apple juice flavors and trends toward banana and pineapple tropicality."	Fleur de Edna Winemaker Series	85	27	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Edna Valley Vineyard 2014 Fleur de Edna Winemaker Series Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Edna Valley Vineyard
Germany	"Ethereally light in body and texture, this dry Riesling offers loads of juicy tangerine and grapefruit flavors. It's refreshingly tart, with a lean, steely finish. Drink now through 2020."	Dry	90	12	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Villa Wolf 2015 Dry Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Villa Wolf
France	The wine is very fresh and fruity with lively red-berry flavors balanced delicately with light tannins and acidity. It's refreshing with a red currant aftertaste.	Liane	85	18	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Sulauze 2012 Liane Red (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine de Sulauze
Italy	"From a simpatico, family-run winery comes this benchmark Barolo. La Serra speaks highly of the Langhe territory and of winemaking innovation. Aromas here include cherry cola, vanilla bean, leather and crushed granite stone. The wine is determined and direct with a savory note of cured meat on the long finish. Drink after 2017."	La Serra	95	100	Piedmont	Barolo				Eugenio Bocchino 2006 La Serra  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Eugenio Bocchino
Spain	"Melon, peach and vanilla aromas don't display much oak while coming across clean and ripe. This feels juicy, with orange, tangerine and nectarine flavors. The finish is spunky and acidic but not overly deep or complex. This is 95% Viura and 5% Malvasia."	Blanco Fermentado En Barrica	88	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valserrano 2013 Blanco Fermentado En Barrica White (Rioja)	White Blend	Valserrano
US	"Lots of rich, layered black cherry and currant fruit in this dry Cabernet, which was blended with some Cab Franc and Petite Verdot. There are also interesting notes of mushrooms beginning to emerge as the wine picks up bottle age. The finish, though, is simple despite some firm tannins, and it's hard to see the wine going anywhere, so drink up."	Star Lane Vineyard	87	44	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast			Star Lane Vineyard 2009 Star Lane Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Star Lane Vineyard
US	"Big, rich and complex, this is a Cabernet you want to lay down. Tasted in the late Fall of 2013, it's tannic, oaky and dry, brimming with spectacularly ripe blackberry, cherry and cassis flavors. The alcohol is a bit high, giving the wine some heat, and yet the balance is so good that the wine should easily develop over the next eight years."		92	110	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Hestan 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hestan
Italy	"Exotic spice, vanilla, dark-skinned fruit and French oak aromas lift out of the glass. The palate shows toasted oak, coconut, espresso raspberry and cherry alongside tight close-grained tannins that grip the austere finish. It's still on its oak so give it time to come around. Drink after 2023."	Bussia	91	95	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Parusso 2013 Bussia  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Parusso
France	"This soft simple Chardonnay is all fruit. Ripe pear and melon flavors are the order of the day here, giving a rounded wine with just the right amount of acidity. Drink now."	La Fruitière	85	15	Loire Valley	Val de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lieubeau 2016 La Fruitière Chardonnay (Val de Loire)	Chardonnay	Lieubeau
US	"This is a silly name, and it's not a very good wine. Acids and tannins dominate, making it astringent and bitter, and the cherry fruit is thin and rather overripe."	Poggio Alla Pietra Brunello di Sonoma Estate Grown	82	60	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Petroni 2005 Poggio Alla Pietra Brunello di Sonoma Estate Grown Sangiovese (Sonoma Valley)	Sangiovese	Petroni
France	"This wine is quite closed at this stage with dark tannins and a firm texture. The dry edge obscures attractive fruitiness, finishing with acidity and freshness."		86	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Tourbeille 2011  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Tourbeille
US	"Sweet in jammy apricots and oranges, it has a creamy mouthfeel and a good burst of acidity for balance."		83	10	California	California	California Other			Tin Roof 2012 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Tin Roof
France	"Produced from vines in the Mâcon region, this citrus and yellow-fruit-flavored wine is rich, rounded and mature. It still has plenty of freshness, supplemented by almond and butter flavors. Drink now."		86	20	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison L'Envoyé 2011  Bourgogne	Chardonnay	Maison L'Envoyé
US	"Very dry and fairly tannic, with cassis flavors, this Cab is quite enjoyable now and should hold for a couple of years. It has an elegance and structural balance that bring to mind the pre-cult era of Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon."		90	46	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Frostwatch 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frostwatch
US	"Quite hard and almost impenetrable at first, this slowly opens to give a glimpse of compact, dried blueberry fruit and a dash of dark chocolate. The tannins are hard and herbal also. Aeration will help."		86	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Oak Knoll 2010 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Oak Knoll
US	"Cherry, berry and sinewy leather make for a memorable experience of fruit and savory accents in this farm-designate that impresses from start to finish. Offering length and breadth, it's balanced despite noticeable ripeness and body."	Marcucci Farms	92	34	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Portalupi 2014 Marcucci Farms Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Portalupi
France	"Grapefruit flavor is the key to this attractive, fruity wine. Crisp and lightly herbaceous, it is fresh while also having a rounder background. Drink now, but better to wait until early 2016."		85	18	Southwest France	Côtes du Tarn		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine D'en Ségur 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Côtes du Tarn)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine D'en Ségur
US	"Ripe blackberry and plum flavors resonate at the core of this big, full-bodied wine. It's a bit jagged in nature though, juggling contrasts of ripe fruit with sharp acidity. Soft, chalky tannins frame the finish."		86	30	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Sannino 2013 Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Sannino
Spain	"The bouquet on this Cava is a bit gaseous, with mild lime and apple aromas. In the mouth, it's foamy but fresh and lifted. Flavors of candied apple and mango finish in sweet fashion. Nice for Cava but with limits."	Brut Exclusive Gran Reserva	87	16	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Gelida 2008 Brut Exclusive Gran Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Marqués de Gelida
France	"A stunning white with superb balance and layer upon layer of aromas and flavors. An expressive white-flower note accents the solid backbone of ripe red apple and firm nectarine fruit. The medium-weight palate is slightly creamy but not overdone, with hints of toast, sweet spice and almond-flavored nuttiness that unfold on the finish."	Odyssée	90	20	Languedoc-Roussillon	Limoux		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Château Rives-Blanques 2010 Odyssée Chardonnay (Limoux)	Chardonnay	Château Rives-Blanques
US	"Offering layers of juicy black currant, this is a soft, malleable wine, subtle in oak and tannin, blended with 10% Cabernet Sauvignon. A touch of cedar and herb provides additional character, while the finish lands softly."	Windacre	88	30	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Merriam 2012 Windacre Merlot (Russian River Valley)	Merlot	Merriam
France	"The dusty tannins dominate this firm and dry wine. With its new wood aging and its concentration, it is complex and dense. The ripe black fruit offers power and sweetness. The wine is likely to age well over five years or more."	Cuvée Vieilles Vignes	90	24	Bordeaux	Puisseguin Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lanbersac 2009 Cuvée Vieilles Vignes  (Puisseguin Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lanbersac
US	"The barrel toast carries a lightly charred edge, while the strawberry fruit comes up front and center with flavors of sweet pastry. There's a lick of licorice running through it as well, and the overall structure suggests drinking it up now through 2020."	First Class Estate Grown	90	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Benton-Lane 2014 First Class Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Benton-Lane
Portugal	"This wine is a fine exposition of the structure and density of a serious Douro wine. A field blend, it is packed with dark berry fruits and sweet tannins, with a strong mineral element that reflects the tough schist of the vineyards. It's drinkable now, but the wine will be better in 2016."	VT '08	91	47	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Sagrado 2008 VT '08 Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Sagrado
France	"This is the second wine from one of the group of chateaus with Corbin in their names. It is a tight wine, firm with tannins and with a concentrated texture and flavors of over-extraction. That said, the wine will probably develop over time into something serious with a dark, dense aftertaste."	Divin de Corbin	90	35	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Corbin 2014 Divin de Corbin  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Corbin
US	"This is a very solid, well-structured and deeply flavorful wine from the first whiff of blackberries and black pepper to the mouth-coating but dry flavors to the lingering spicy finish. Best to drink after 2018."	DTR Ranch	91	40	California	Fiddletown	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Terre Rouge 2013 DTR Ranch Syrah (Fiddletown)	Syrah	Terre Rouge
Italy	"Concentrated and delicious, this is made with organically grown Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo and Colorino. It delivers ripe black cherry, blue flower, leather, white pepper, cinnamon and a hint of vanilla alongside firm, velvety tannins. It's already accessible so enjoy now–2016."		93	30	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Porta di Vertine 2011  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	La Porta di Vertine
Chile	"This is overtly rustic, roasted, leathery and strange on the nose. A wide but wayward palate seems sluggish, while rubbery black-fruit and burnt-wood flavors finish with murky berry tones."	Reserva	81	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casas Patronales 2013 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Maule Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viña Casas Patronales
Hungary	"Hints of baking spice, smoke and black coffee add kick to the sweet black-plum and cherry flavors on this full-bodied red blend. It's a big, luscious wine, with abundant vanilla and toasted oak notes, but hints of fresh herb and peppery black spice add balance."	Cuvée 7	87	55	Villány			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Sauska 2008 Cuvée 7 Red (Villány)	Red Blend	Sauska
US	"Sagebrush aromas lead off this bottling from the newish Fossil Point label, which is connected to the higher end Center of Effort brand. On the palate, spice, tar and pomegranate accompany some fairly weighty tannins, meaning that this will probably emerge as a better wine by 2016."		86	17	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fossil Point 2012 Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Fossil Point
US	"This blend of Merlot (40%), Cabernet Franc (29%), Petit Verdot (18%) and Cabernet Sauvignon opens with quite pure aromas of fresh herbs, flowers, anise and red fruit that are followed by sumptuous red-fruit flavors that show vitality."	Exhibition	90	22	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Fall Line 2013 Exhibition Red (Yakima Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Fall Line
Germany	"Starts off with apple and pineapple aromas, but quickly develops intensely mineral flavors to go alongside. Likewise, it seems round—almost fat—in the mouth at first, then finishes with refreshing acidity, a mouthwatering mix of sweet and tart."	Josephshofer Kabinett	89	25	Mosel-Saar-Ruwer			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2007 Josephshofer Kabinett Riesling (Mosel-Saar-Ruwer)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
Germany	"Ripe sweet peach and nectarine flavors are slightly caramelized in this semidry Riesling. Its spry zesty demeanor is deeply refreshing though, finishing on a revitalizing citrus note. Drink now through 2018."	Piesporter Michelsberg	88	12	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Konrad Hähn 2015 Piesporter Michelsberg Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Konrad Hähn
US	"Char, firepit, barrel spice and herb aromas lead to elegantly styled cranberry flavors in this wine. The tannins lend a light structure."	L'abime Corfu Crossing Vineyard	88	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Finn Hill 2013 L'abime Corfu Crossing Vineyard Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Finn Hill
France	"All the Fèvre vines are at the top of this vineyard, giving very structured, long-lived wines. This is certainly an age-worthy wine, tightly coiled and nervy, with a strong mineral note at its heart. Lemon and quince flavors are caught up in the complex structure. Drink from 2020."	Les Clos Grand Cru	96	115	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	William Fèvre 2013 Les Clos Grand Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	William Fèvre
Portugal	"A blend of five grapes, this is a firm, tannic and age-worthy wine. Even the high alcohol doesn't show on the rich, well-balanced palate. It's full of plum and black currant flavors, and wood-derived flavors show on the finish."	Rol de Coisas Antigas	92	20	Bairrada			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Campolargo 2009 Rol de Coisas Antigas Red (Bairrada)	Portuguese Red	Campolargo
Austria	"Yellow fruits lead off this sophisticated wine. With its creamy texture, overlaid by a more steely texture, it's a wine that has aging potential as well as present fruitiness for early drinking. So age for four years or give in to the freshness now. Screwcap."	Terrassen Smaragd	92	30	Wachau			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domäne Wachau 2012 Terrassen Smaragd Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Domäne Wachau
Argentina	"This waxy, heavily oaked Chardonnay regularly pulls the same score. This vintage has aromas of grapefruit, quince and garlic. Blasting oak and modest acidity result in flatness, while oak resin is by far the dominant flavor, with creamy apple and pithy bitterness lurking."	Lindaflor	87	35	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Monteviejo 2013 Lindaflor Chardonnay (Uco Valley)	Chardonnay	Monteviejo
Chile	"The bouquet smells like spiked fruit cocktail, and in the long run what's wrong with that? The palate is open and fairly easy, with a touch of kick pushing citrus, tropical fruit and even some mineral notes. A more citrusy and fresh style of Viognier, with 15% Chardonnay."	Viognier Chardonnay	87	8	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Estampa 2006 Viognier Chardonnay White (Colchagua Valley)	White Blend	Estampa
US	"This wine is just what a Sonoma Valley Cabernet should be. It's softly tannic and likeable now, with rich, ripe blackberry, black currant, blueberry and oak flavors. Shows real elegance as well as structural integrity."		89	40	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Gundlach Bundschu 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gundlach Bundschu
Spain	"Initial aromas of horsey red-berry fruits are jammy as well as grassy. This feels blocky and static on the palate, while plum and berry flavors are more generic than specific. A finish with licorice, pepper and spice flavors is bold, with firm tannic grip."		89	30	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aljibes 2012 Syrah (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Syrah	Aljibes
Italy	"Campanaro is a unique blend of Fiano and Greco grapes that opens with a beautiful bouquet of stone fruit, honey, white almond and Golden Delicious apple. It a dry, crisp wine with a focused, fine feel in the mouth."	Campanaro	90	33	Southern Italy	Irpinia				Feudi di San Gregorio 2009 Campanaro White (Irpinia)	White Blend	Feudi di San Gregorio
US	"Lots of sharp-edged oak around a soft, plummy, chocolate-covered cherry of a wine. Smooth and easy-drinking, up to a fairly tannic finish. The acids keep everything in balance."		87	20	California	Shenandoah Valley (CA)	Sierra Foothills	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Easton 1997 Zinfandel (Shenandoah Valley (CA))	Zinfandel	Easton
France	"This is a finely balanced, if still very structured wine. It has powerful tannins, but also rich, black, juicy fruits that are coming into integration. Solid and concentrated, the wine has great potential and needs to age for at least four years."	Château Rauzan-Despagne Réserve	90	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Rauzan Despagne 2010 Château Rauzan-Despagne Réserve  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Rauzan Despagne
US	"This is a beautifully exotic and delicate wine with steely minerality and subdued power. Full of lemony flavor, it complementarily exudes fresh tangerine and grapefruit peel, enwrapping its nuanced fruit with floral highlights."	Estate Grown	94	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rochioli 2016 Estate Grown Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Rochioli
Spain	"Dusty apple, spice and tropical fruit aromas feed into a mellow palate that isn't terribly acidic or cutting. Nectarine, passion fruit and mango flavors finish ripe and friendly, with residual sweetness and tropical fruit flavors."	Kila	87	13	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vins El Cep 2011 Kila Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Vins El Cep
US	"An appellation wine that's affordable and instantly likable, this has strong forest and mushroom elements, seeming at once rustic and sophisticated. Cranberry and orange tones add brightness to the savory character, framed by fine tannins."		90	35	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Siduri 2015 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
France	"Michel Laroche has been branching out of Chablis in recent years and his southern French effort has some chlorine notes along with aromas of mint and sweet wood. The power is up there, but there isn't suppleness to match. The palate pulsates while the finish is dark and sharp, with a burnt flavor."		82	7	Languedoc-Roussillon	Vin de Pays d'Oc		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Michel Laroche 2001 Merlot (Vin de Pays d'Oc)	Merlot	Michel Laroche
US	"Black as coal, with a heavy, smoky, meaty nose, this is one of a growing number of excellent biodynamic Syrahs from Oregon. It marries tangy acids to chewy red and blue fruits, with streaks of coffee liqueur and caramel latté. Half was whole-cluster fermented, and it all spent time in 50% new French oak."	Reserve	92	75	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cowhorn 2013 Reserve Syrah (Applegate Valley)	Syrah	Cowhorn
US	"Somewhat light in color, this is an aromatically appealing wine that shows a complex assortment of coffee, vanilla, pencil lead, cherry, blueberry and high-toned herbal notes. It's exquisitely polished in its styling, with plush tannins and a long, lingering finish. A pretty expression of the variety that shows a great degree of elegance and deftness, it drinks well out of the gate but continues to improve with additional time to breathe."	Double Canyon Vineyard	93	48	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Double Canyon 2012 Double Canyon Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Double Canyon
Chile	"Green minty aromas come with a heavy shot of clove on this basic Pinot. Chunky and grabby in feel, this offers generic berry flavors and more than enough forced oak and clove."	Wave Series Right Wave	84	12	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Carmen 2015 Wave Series Right Wave Pinot Noir (Leyda Valley)	Pinot Noir	Carmen
France	"Full bodied and richly textured, this wine stood out in a flight of southern Rhônes for its obvious oak. It's a toasty, cedary, vanilla-laden wine, but with enough fruit weight to support the wood. Drink it now if you like that style, or give it a few years' in the cellar and see if the fruit emerges over time."	Les Christins	90	32	Rhône Valley	Vacqueyras		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Famille Perrin 2011 Les Christins Red (Vacqueyras)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Famille Perrin
US	"This deeply colored, generous-tasting and mouthfilling wine is dry and well balanced without obvious oak to fancy it up. Made from Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot, it tastes full bodied, ripe and grapy in aroma, with blackberry jam flavors."	Randolph Reserve	90	35	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	City Winery Chicago 2013 Randolph Reserve Red (North Coast)	Red Blend	City Winery Chicago
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, Canaiolo and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas suggesting mature dark-skinned fruit, toast, sunbaked earth and cooking spice. On the polished, straightforward palate, hints of clove, orange peel and anise back up a core of dried black cherry while close-grained tannins provide the framework. Drink through 2018."		88	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Cappellina 2012  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Tenuta Cappellina
Chile	"Aromas of sea shell, green melon and papaya are a touch briny. This feels good but simple, with no detectable oak. A flavor profile that leans towards generic citrus and apple offers nothing new or different on the finish."	Organic	86	14	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cono Sur 2016 Organic Chardonnay (San Antonio)	Chardonnay	Cono Sur
US	"This is a simply rendered, nicely light-bodied version of the variety, round and fleshy in mouthfeel with a taste of sugar-rimmed lime."		87	27	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	William Hill Estate 2014 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	William Hill Estate
Austria	"Some earthy spice mingles with the citrus zest that does not want to reveal itself quite yet, but there are notions of citron and grapefruit peel. There is a textured intensity at the core of this slender body, something addictive and moreish that you simply want to fathom. Light-bodied but rather seductive with an intensity that slowly creeps up on you."	Hochrain Smaragd	94	75	Wachau			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Franz Hirtzberger 2014 Hochrain Smaragd Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Franz Hirtzberger
France	"Very aromatic, gentle, almost floral notes of Cox's Orange Pippin appear with the first whiff. They get their full due on the off-dry palate which boosts the fruit flavors and paints them in a golden light. There is grip and backbone and ample fruit. Drink while the fruit is at its height: 2016–2018. Finishes off dry."	Schoenenbourg Grand Cru	89	35	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine de la Tour Blanche 2012 Schoenenbourg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine de la Tour Blanche
France	"Lifted chamomile joins riper pear and apple fruit on the nose of this wine. On the concentrated palate these are joined by lemon and grapefruit zest in an unapologetically bracing style. This wine is clean, dry, fresh and totally lip-smacking with the full force of citrus behind it."	Tradition	90	22	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Emile Beyer 2015 Tradition Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Emile Beyer
Italy	"This opens with a pretty floral fragrance of acacia, Spanish broom and chamomile. The palate doles out white peach and tangerine zest alongside fresh acidity."		87	20	Tuscany	Bolgheri		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Campo al Mare 2013 White (Bolgheri)	White Blend	Campo al Mare
France	"From vines that surround the castle of Mercuès that crowns a rock above the River Lot, this wine is richly structured, packed with juicy black fruits as well as a firm dry core. It's a dense wine, dark with intense tannins. It is serious as well as opulently fruity. Drink this wine from 2020."	Château de Mercuès	92	25	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2012 Château de Mercuès Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Georges Vigouroux
Italy	"Light garnet in color, this wine has a subtle bouquet that is redolent of blue flower, almond paste, tobacco and even citrus. The palate feels tight and crisp."	Cavaliere	89	60	Tuscany	Toscana				Michele Satta 2007 Cavaliere Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Michele Satta
France	"Ripe while also herbal, this is an easy fruity wine. It has an attractive spice and perfumed white-fruit character that enhances the crisp citrus fruit. Drink now."	Château de la Roche Sauvignon Blanc	85	13	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pierre Chainier 2016 Château de la Roche Sauvignon Blanc Sauvignon Blanc (Touraine)	Sauvignon Blanc	Pierre Chainier
France	"From vines more than 50 years old, this is a full-throated, concentrated wine. Solid tannins and rich black fruits combine with structure and a sweet, ripe aftertaste. The acidity at the end gives just the right lift. Drink this powerful wine from 2017."	Vieilles Vignes	93	75	Burgundy	Vosne-Romanée		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Alex Gambal 2011 Vieilles Vignes  (Vosne-Romanée)	Pinot Noir	Alex Gambal
US	"Light and a bit cloudy in appearance, this wine begins with a nose of wet slate and raspberry. Next comes a flavor of cherry tomato sauce that's combined with stewed spices of clove, anise and dried orange peel. Layered, interesting and complex."	Zotovich Vineyard	93	70	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tantara 2012 Zotovich Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Tantara
Greece	"Produced from indigenous red varieties grown on the slopes of Mt. Olympus, the Rapsani Grand Reserve starts with voluptuous aromas of blackberry, spice box and liquorice, offering full-bodied flavors of black fruit and olive on the palate. The fruit is well balanced by a spice and mineral backbone. A very good red for lamb, dried meats or stews."	Grand Reserve Hand Picked Grapes	88	30	Rapsani			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Tsantali 2009 Grand Reserve Hand Picked Grapes Red (Rapsani)	Red Blend	Tsantali
US	"A majority of Cabernet Sauvignon is blended with 22% Merlot in this woody, somewhat herbal and robustly intense red, impacted in subtle ways by oak. The finish is meager."		85	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kelly Family Vineyards 2013 Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Kelly Family Vineyards
Spain	"Scratchy red-fruit aromas are a bit raw and chemical. This is grabby and gritty in the mouth, with flavors of plum, berry, green herbs and oaky carob. A woody, tannic, lightly herbal and green finish feels drawing and snappy. This is mostly Carignan with lesser amounts of Garnacha and Syrah."	L'Avi Arrufi	88	49	Catalonia	Terra Alta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Celler Piñol 2009 L'Avi Arrufi Red (Terra Alta)	Red Blend	Celler Piñol
Italy	"Formerly known as Cannubi Boschis, this impressive wine boasts alluring aromas of crushed raspberry, baking spice, chopped mint, violet and woodland berry. The savory elegant palate delivers succulent Marasca cherry, strawberry compote, cinnamon, licorice and a hint of coffee. Fine-grained tannins and bright acidity provide polished support and great balance. Drink 2023–2038."	Aleste	97	170	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Sandrone 2013 Aleste  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Sandrone
Argentina	"This smells mildly reduced and candied at first, with notes of blackberry, horse hide and licorice. Firm, chewy and lush on the palate, this full-force Malbec delivers ripe blackberry, boysenberry, spice and rooty licorice flavors prior to a spicy, dark finish that's bolstered by firm acidity. Drink through 2019."	Gran Reserva	90	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Larrea 2010 Gran Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Larrea
US	"Beaulieu does what it's done so well for so long, producing a Cabernet that reflects real Napa character, at a good price. The wine is dry and fancy, with an elegant structure of acids and tannins housing classic black currant, herb and cedar flavors. With production of 43,000 cases, it's easy to find."		87	23	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Beaulieu Vineyard 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beaulieu Vineyard
Spain	"Lightly smoked, minerally berry aromas are leathery and ripe, but perfectly healthy. The palate feels entirely in sync, with fine tannins and lasting acidity. Layered, earthy plum and berry flavors are spicy and show notes of vanilla and tobacco prior to a smooth finish. Drink through 2022."	Izarbe Gran Reserva	92	60	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Larchago 2005 Izarbe Gran Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Larchago
US	"Black pepper, espresso, dark berries and woody herbs show on the nose of this blend of 45% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Sangiovese, 13% Petit Verdot, 6% Merlot and 6% Freisa from the Los Alamos and Valley View Vineyards. Stewed blackberries and more pepper show on the densely structured,  acid-laced palate, which also offers coffee and dark chocolate flavors."	Riserva	92	38	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Toccata 2013 Riserva Red (Santa Barbara County)	Red Blend	Toccata
Argentina	"Jammy, somewhat green aromas are suggestive of tomato sauce with oregano and thyme. This feels full, creamy and thick, with earthy, herbal berry flavors that finish with creamy weight and chewy tannins."		86	22	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cicchitti 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cicchitti
France	"Very intense wine, packed with dark tannins, solid and powerful. It is leavened with great perfumes, while the overall effect is dark, brooding and concentrated."		93	110	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vieux Château Mazerat 2008  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Vieux Château Mazerat
US	"Made in the Peachy Canyon style of great power and ripeness, this is one of the more assertive Zinfandels out there. Blended with some Petite Sirah, which gives it even greater heft, it's basically a nuclear blast of wild, briary summer berries and spices."	Mustang Springs	88	38	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Peachy Canyon 2011 Mustang Springs Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Peachy Canyon
US	"Here's a good buy in a big, rich, decadently delicious Syrah. Soft and dry, with refined tannins, it offers flavors of currants, blackberries, cherries, chocolate, licorice, Dr. Pepper cola, black pepper and spices. Easy to like, yet complex."	Grand Reserve	90	25	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Kendall-Jackson 2007 Grand Reserve Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Kendall-Jackson
US	"Made in a style to appeal to today's Chardonnay fans, this has flavors of buttered toast, popcorn, vanilla, pineapple and Key lime pie, with crisp acidity."		85	36	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Chronicle 2010 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Chronicle
Spain	"Leesy, bready aromas are ripe and fruity. This is soft in feel and a touch heavy, which may be a reflection of the warm 2009 vintage. Nectarine and other ripe flavors finish full and sweet. This almost tastes like a brut Cava despite being a brut nature."	Brut Nature Gran Reserva Reserva de la Familia	89	16	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps 2009 Brut Nature Gran Reserva Reserva de la Familia Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Juvé y Camps
Australia	"Captivating, with zesty lemon and wet stones on the nose, followed by a complex medley of citrus, passionfruit and carnations on the palate. The wine finishes well, with punchy notes of lime marmalade and dry chalk. Try with smoked trout. Drink now for its vibrant fruit or lay down for a few years for more honeyed depth."	Hand Picked	90	15	South Australia	Clare Valley				Knappstein 2008 Hand Picked Riesling (Clare Valley)	Riesling	Knappstein
US	"Soft and pretty, this marries light spice to fruit flavors of apple and strawberry. Think blanc de noir without the sparkle and you're on the right trail. It's got substantial palate weight and a fairly thick mouthfeel."	White	88	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Emerson 2015 White Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Emerson
Spain	"Ripe, earthy berry and cassis aromas smell damp at first but unfold nicely. Bright acidity and abrupt tannins make for a packed palate. Lightly oaky flavors of plum and berry show a note of vanilla. It finishes crisp and choppy due to the aforementioned bold acidity. Drink through 2022."	Crianza	90	15	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	R+ 2012 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	R+
US	"Good price for a wine that combines the acidity you want in a Sauvignon Blanc with plenty of ripe tangerine, lime, green grass and vanilla flavors. There's a honeyed finish, but the wine is fundamentally dry."	Estate	86	15	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Clos La Chance 2010 Estate Sauvignon Blanc (Central Coast)	Sauvignon Blanc	Clos La Chance
US	"The very hot vintage took its toll on this 100% varietal Syrah. While it's nicely dry, with a finely tannic structure, it tastes a bit soft and hot. The cherry and blackberry flavors have a dessicated, raisiny edge. Drink now."	Hope Family Vineyard	86	42	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Austin Hope 2004 Hope Family Vineyard Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Austin Hope
Italy	"This blend of 70% Nero d'Avola and 30% Syrah opens with aromas of blackberry and blue flower. The lean palate is drying out, but still offers a black cherry note and astringent wood tannins that give it an abrupt, drying finish."	Helios	86	26	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Di Giovanna 2012 Helios Red (Terre Siciliane)	Red Blend	Di Giovanna
US	"This wine is a unique blend of Malbec (60%), Syrah (20%), Merlot (15%) and Petit Verdot. It opens with brooding but alluring aromas of dark plum, asphalt, and a kiss of baking spice. The flavors are full bodied and palate coating, showing weight but also a sense of suppleness that charms the senses."	Mr. Owl's	91	34	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Reininger 2012 Mr. Owl's Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Reininger
Portugal	A brief period of wood aging delivers soft tannins and juicy blackberry fruits to this ripe wine. A streak of acidity gives the powerful wine a crisp edge. Drink now.	Valcatrina by Santos Lima	88	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2015 Valcatrina by Santos Lima Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
US	"A high-acid, weighty and complex white, this vintage is even better than the last, gorgeous in a golden tannish color. Tropical guava and white flowers weave seamlessly through a web of minerality and freshness, without compromising body and texture. This is a delicious wine."	Wayfarer Vineyard	95	80	California	Fort Ross-Seaview	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wayfarer 2013 Wayfarer Vineyard Chardonnay (Fort Ross-Seaview)	Chardonnay	Wayfarer
US	"Tasted twice, with divergent results; the 86 rating reflects the average of both bottles. One bottle seemed overly heavy, with an odd mix of jalapeño peppers and honey. The better (and hopefully more representative) bottle showed richness without excessive weight, hints of cream and toast and penetrating citrus flavors, and would have rated 89 points on its own."	Eleven Oaks	86	23	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Babcock 2001 Eleven Oaks Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Barbara County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Babcock
US	"Strong scents and flavors of oak and spice mask the fruit. It feels a bit flat on the palate, as if heading toward early oxidation. The oak and butterscotch flavors carry through onto the finish. Two bottles tasted."	Reserve	87	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Waterbrook 2010 Reserve Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Waterbrook
France	"A very perfumed, fragrant and refreshing wine. It is full in the mouth, ripe, smelling of hedgerow blossoms and having a touch of spring in its fruits. Ready to drink, but also keep until 2016."	Cuvée Tradition	87	14	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pierre and Charles Sparr 2011 Cuvée Tradition Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Pierre and Charles Sparr
Portugal	"With chocolate as well as fruit flavors, this is a structured wine. A bitter edge gives the juicy damson fruit a jolt. However, it should develop well to give a ripely textured wine from 2016."	Vinha do Almo	86	9	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade do Perdigão 2011 Vinha do Almo Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade do Perdigão
US	"This Merlot is of everyday quality, with an easy-to-like silky texture and soft, almost sweet flavors of cherry, mocha and spice. It's not a bad value, and it should be widely available."		84	12	California	California	California Other			Mirassou 2010 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Mirassou
US	"Bill Price's Sonoma-based winery name checks this historic Santa Maria vineyard in this epic bottling, which shows red cherry, raspberry, rhubarb, cinnamon sticks, nutmeg and cola on the nose. It's amazingly energetic on the palate, with more ripe raspberries and cherries, but also a vivid spice rack of clove and peppercorn, as well as noticeable tannic grip."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	95	60	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Three Sticks 2012 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Three Sticks
US	"This potent Syrah is marked with strong scents of organic compost, umami, and roasted meat; it's packed with plenty of purple and black fruits. Though it tails off slightly in the finish, it seems destined for a good 6–8 year ride in the cellar, improving all the way."	Boushey-McPherson Vineyard	92	40	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bunnell 2008 Boushey-McPherson Vineyard Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Bunnell
Argentina	"Ripe, deep aromas of cassis and marzipan evolve to show minerality. A big, chunky palate features flavors of baked blackberry, cassis and chocolate, while a mild, somewhat languorous finish is chewy and leaves a lasting taste of prune. Drink now through 2018."	Obra Prima Coleccion Gran Reserva	91	43	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Familia Cassone 2011 Obra Prima Coleccion Gran Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Familia Cassone
US	"Here's a big, bold Zinfandel, explosive in wild forest berries, perfectly ripe and picked under the summer sun. It's softly smooth, with rich tannins and a long, sweetly spicy finish. Ed Sbragia has mastered the difficult art of elevating Dry Creek Valley. Drink now–2015."	La Promessa	93	28	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Sbragia 2009 La Promessa Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Sbragia
US	"A very rich Pinot Noir, this tastes almost as heavy as pie filling. It's delicious, tasting of brown sugar, ripe black cherry and pie spice, with a buttery toast note from oak barrels. It's a little soft, so drink up."	Estate	87	22	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Gloria Ferrer 2009 Estate Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Gloria Ferrer
Portugal	"This single-vineyard wine is richly structured and seriously impressive, coming from a parcel planted with Syrah and Touriga Franca. Wood aging for 20 months has given the wine both spice and concentration. With the acidity and the firm tannins at the end, the wine will be ready to drink from 2019."	Vinha das Romãs	94	25	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Monte da Ravasqueira 2014 Vinha das Romãs Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Monte da Ravasqueira
Argentina	"Cool, earthy aromas of wild berry, herbs and graham cracker set up an angular feeling palate with plenty of acidic pop. The flavor profile features reedy raspberry and plum flavors accented by bacon flavors, while the finish is long, narrow, firm in feel and a touch hot. Drink through 2019."	Bramare	91	45	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Cobos 2011 Bramare Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Viña Cobos
US	"From an estate vineyard high atop the appellation and blended with 9% Merlot, 6% Cabernet Franc and 5% Malbec, this is a bold, balanced wine made by Julien Fayard. Juicy blackberry and blueberry layer along soft, fine-grain tannins, making an impression on the palate. A creamy richness lingers on the finish, accented by black licorice. Cellar through 2022."		94	190	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mithra 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mithra
Italy	"Toast, moist underbrush, grilled herb and balsamic aromas lead the nose. On the full-bodied austere palate, fine-grained tannins support tart cherry, cranberry, vanilla and star anise. Give this several more years to unwind and develop. Drink 2013–2033."	Cannubi	92	108	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poderi Luigi Einaudi 2013 Cannubi  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Poderi Luigi Einaudi
Portugal	"Tannins give a dark, mineral structure. The black fruits, slowly coming through, are still part of this serious purpose, with wood flavors and dry fruits prominent. It still needs aging, so don't drink before 2016."	Casa de Santar Reserva	91	22	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dão Sul 2009 Casa de Santar Reserva Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Dão Sul
Italy	"Made with 85% Merlot blended with varying amounts of Petit Verdot, Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of truffle, underbrush, baked plum and dark cooking spice. The palate delivers licorice, roasted coffee bean and blueberry extract alongside astringent tannins that dry out the palate. While the tannins are still aggressive, the fruit richness is starting to dry out."	Fuochi	87	40	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggioventoso 2010 Fuochi Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Poggioventoso
Spain	"Tobacco, mocha, lemony oak and red-fruit aromas comprise a good, traditional Rioja bouquet. The mouthfeel is pinched and raw, while herb, tomato and dried raspberry flavors carry the palate to an earthy, mossy conclusion. Drink this very good Rioja now through 2018."	Viña Muriel Reserva	89	40	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Muriel 2006 Viña Muriel Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Muriel
Italy	"A blend of Negroamaro and 15% Malvasia Nera, this opens with aromas of dark berry and toast. The palate offers ripe blackberry, black cherry, mocha and allspice alongside firm tannins. It ends on a note of bitter almond."	Schiaccianoci	87	18	Southern Italy	Salento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Varvaglione Vigne & Vini 2013 Schiaccianoci Red (Salento)	Red Blend	Varvaglione Vigne & Vini
Chile	"Blackberry, vanilla and minerally aromas give this solidity on the nose. A high-acid palate is a bit shrill, which amplifies tangy red raspberry and plum flavors. On the finish, this rides high and fast on a lasting beam of acidity."	Reserva	86	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilensis 2012 Reserva Malbec (Maule Valley)	Malbec	Chilensis
Portugal	This top wine from Quinta Vale Dona Maria comes from a small parcel of old vines on the estate close to the river Torto. Foot treading in lagars give the wine its richness and sumptuous character. It also provides tannins that are cushioned by the superripe black fruits and acidity. This long-term wine shouldn't be touched until 2020.	Vinha do Rio	95	150	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta Vale Dona Maria 2012 Vinha do Rio Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta Vale Dona Maria
US	"Tight and tart, this is packed with concentrated, high-acid flavors of cranberry and raspberry. The wine is young and fresh, with both grip and depth, and should age nicely through 2019–2021."	Atração	89	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coelho 2012 Atração Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Coelho
US	"A fairly complex, rich and layered nose of stewed plum, root beer, mace and allspice is set against an oak-laden, vanilla-based structure on the nose of this bottling. The palate offers rich black plum, but with decent tang, as well as earthy chipped slate and iron elements, before settling into light licorice spice."	Fog's Reach	91	35	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	J. Lohr 2013 Fog's Reach Pinot Noir (Arroyo Seco)	Pinot Noir	J. Lohr
Austria	"Juicy, yellow pear and red apple make for that irresistible sweet-sour combination. This is so full-flavored, rounded and yet fresh that you simply want to sip more and more. If you haven't yet discovered the Sauvignon Blancs of Styria, this wine tells you what treasures await if you start looking."	Therese	90	24	Südsteiermark			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Polz 2013 Therese Sauvignon Blanc (Südsteiermark)	Sauvignon Blanc	Polz
US	"Black cherries, cola, fennel and dill come together for a thick aromatic profile on this blend of Grenache, Syrah and Carignane. Pencil lead, blackberry preserves and black pepper show on the palate, which is rich but not particularly fruity, thanks to beef char and woody flavors."	Complicated	88	20	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Taken Wine Co. 2013 Complicated Red (Central Coast)	Red Blend	Taken Wine Co.
France	"Here's a simple but enjoyable Cab with notes of black plum, violet and cassis. Medium weight with soft tannins and a solid finish."	Réserve St. Martin	84	10	Languedoc-Roussillon	Vin de Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Les Vignerons de la Méditerranée 2009 Réserve St. Martin Cabernet Sauvignon (Vin de Pays d'Oc)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Les Vignerons de la Méditerranée
US	"Lemon zest and honeysuckle aromas have a dusty, mineral edge on this bracing Riesling sparkling. Tart tangerine and peach flavors are pristine on the palate, but it's aggressively foamy with a dense, thick wall of froth that lingers."	Bottle Fermented Sparkling	87	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wagner 2012 Bottle Fermented Sparkling Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Wagner
France	"Designed as a fruity vision of Malbec, this is a ripe, lightly wood aged wine, laden with berry fruits, soft tannins and an open texture. It's ready to drink, a fine barbecue style, friendly wine."	Pigmentum Rouge	85	12	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2012 Pigmentum Rouge Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Georges Vigouroux
US	"One of the best Malbecs on the market. It's perfect for drinking now despite big tannins. Shows vast, deep blackberry, blueberry, dark chocolate, currant and anise flavors, with a long, spicy finish. Grill up a steak and pop the cork."	Gist Ranch	91	50	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Thomas Fogarty 2007 Gist Ranch Malbec (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Malbec	Thomas Fogarty
US	"Made in a style to appeal to the masses, this is a soft, sweet Chardonnay. It's rich in vanilla cream, pineapple and orange jam and buttered toast flavors."	Estate Vineyard	85	22	California	Anderson Valley				Handley 2010 Estate Vineyard Chardonnay (Anderson Valley)	Chardonnay	Handley
US	"This elegant bottling by two service-industry veterans shows tons of potpourri, dried lavender, black raspberry and red plum on the nose. The flavors are quite broad and inviting, with hibiscus and ripe tomato meshing into juniper and clove. It's light in mouthfeel and weight, but well structured."	Reserve	93	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Point & Line 2015 Reserve Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Point & Line
US	"A good wine to drink now for its sweet, ripe berry and mocha flavors and smoky coat of oak. It has smooth tannins and a spicy finish. Give it a good decant to let it breathe for a few hours."		87	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Mount Veeder 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mount Veeder
US	This is a simple representation of the variety: medium in acidity and weight and a roundness of appropriate apple and pear that finishes flat.	Reserve	84	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frei Brothers 2014 Reserve Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Frei Brothers
US	"This elegant Cabernet nicely threads the needle between fruit and herb, slaloming down the palate with a lingonberry here, a sprig of thyme there, underpinned with earth and chocolate. It's a wine that may be sipped and savored, offering subtle pleasures along the way."		90	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	RiverAerie 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	RiverAerie
US	"This has a relatively light, traditional color with a brownish rim, complex aromas of cedar and bay leaf, with dry, mature flavors supported by firm acidity and tannins. Medium bodied and rather lean in flavor intensity, it's made in an enjoyable, lean style."	Small Lot Blend	86	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Parducci 2013 Small Lot Blend Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Parducci
Austria	"Pure and soaring elderberry fruit with overtones of Morello cherry puts this in the darker fruit spectrum. Nonetheless, it has all the freshness and verve of red-fruited styles. This balanced and immensely enjoyable wine only reveals its seriousness slowly. Velvety texture and definite but gentle structure spell that this will also age well."	Tesoro	93	60	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Esterházy 2012 Tesoro Red (Burgenland)	Red Blend	Esterházy
US	"Savory, cooked apples spiked with apple cider vinegar mark the nose and palate of this simple, homespun Chardonnay."		82	11	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Standing Stone 2008 Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Standing Stone
US	"Rich, peppery and smooth, this is a nicely developed, elegant Zin. It's leathery on the palate with a finish of rose petals and bittersweet chocolate."		89	25	California	Fiddletown	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Renwood 2011 Zinfandel (Fiddletown)	Zinfandel	Renwood
US	"Crisp acidity makes this blush wine clean and vibrant. You'll find strawberry, vanilla, thyme and cinnamon spice flavors that finish ripe and lush. It's a fine wine, delicately structured, and fairly priced. From Pisoni."	Rosé of Pinot Noir	86	18	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Lucy 2012 Rosé of Pinot Noir Rosé (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Rosé	Lucy
Chile	"This is a standard SB that was made for near-term quaffing. The nose delivers citrus and oceanic crispness, while in the mouth it's modest, with white pepper, green bean, bell pepper and citrus flavors. On the finish, it's citrusy at first but then slips toward bitter tasting."	Crucero Reserva	86	13	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Siegel 2012 Crucero Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Siegel
Chile	"Dry, barrel-influenced and solid on the nose, with tempered aromas of black cherry and berry. The palate is juicy and shows good physical definition, while the flavors of raspberry and plum are good. Straight-ahead and solid on the finish."	Gran Reserva	88	25	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Portal Del Alto 2006 Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Portal Del Alto
US	"Quite dry to the point of astringency, this stylish Syrah brings flavors of toast, coffee grounds and tangy berries. There is just a hint of finishing heat."		90	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rulo 2009 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Rulo
New Zealand	"This is a tight, crisp rendering of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc. Struck flint aromas add nuance, while the bright lemon-lime flavors whirl together into a citrus sorbet of refreshment."		91	19	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Nautilus 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Nautilus
Spain	"Brawny but lovely, with monster black fruit, balsam wood, tobacco and cola nut aromas. The palate is ultra rich and modern in style, with deep, brandied flavors of cola, black cherry and spice. Driven, modern and properly tannic, with a fair amount of mocha and creaminess on the finish. Drink from late 2010 thru 2014."	Amancio	95	167	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sierra Cantabria 2006 Amancio  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Sierra Cantabria
US	"Light in color, this wine is shy on the nose, yielding pleasant rose petal, pomegranate, cranberry and graphite aromas as it takes on air. The palate is bright, with a healthy dose of cranberry skin-like tannins to hold it all together. A solid Pinot for a sunny day."	Rosella's Vineyard	88	60	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Miner 2014 Rosella's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Miner
US	"This remains tight and somewhat impenetrable, with focused, tart flavors of red berry, lemon and pineapple. The scent of oak references considerable time in 40% new barrels. Once the fruit flavors fade, it's mostly acid that remains in the finish."		87	32	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kontos 2010 Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Kontos
Chile	"This wine smells subtly of hickory and resin but is otherwise neutral on the nose. It feels creamy, smooth and woody, with oak leading the flavor profile, with other notes of melon and honey. This is a plump, oaky, honeyed style of Chardonnay."	Angostura Gran Reserva	86	14	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa Silva 2011 Angostura Gran Reserva Chardonnay (Colchagua Valley)	Chardonnay	Casa Silva
Argentina	"Rubbery plum and berry aromas lean toward red fruits after airing and settling. Racy acidity makes for a firm palate, while this tastes savory and like meaty berry and plum. A tight finish holds onto a meaty essence."	Killka Collection	89	15	Mendoza Province	Valle de Uco		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salentein 2015 Killka Collection Malbec (Valle de Uco)	Malbec	Salentein
US	"A generic, regional South-Central Coast Pinot showing berry, cola, herb and sautéed mushroom flavors encased in soft, silky tannins and crisp acids. Has little complexity and best consumed now."		85	28	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Bernardus 2000 Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"There's a concentrated forest floor funk to the nose of this intriguing blend of 58% Grenache, 21% Syrah and 21% Carignane, as well as sweet root vegetable, blueberry, black plum and dried beef aromas. The palate is very wound up in a reductive, tarry tensions, with elderberry fruit and incense oil flavors. Needs some time to unfurl."	Spe'y Camp 4 Vineyard	88	30	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kitá 2013 Spe'y Camp 4 Vineyard Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Kitá
US	"Good price for a Santa Rita Hills Pinot Noir this good. Shows lots of zippy acidity and is very dry, with complex layers of raspberries, cherries, Dr. Pepper cola and dusty spices. Drink now."		90	24	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Ampelos 2009 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Ampelos
US	"Sturdy and hard in tannins, brisk in acids, this Pinot will benefit from a year or so in bottle. It's extremely dry, with earthy, balsam and mushroom-inspired flavors of blackberries, black cherries and cola."		87	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			J Vineyards & Winery 2006 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	J Vineyards & Winery
US	"It opens with sweet/tart raspberry fruit, a streamlined, well-defined wine underscored by tart, citrusy acids. It does not show the harmonious complexity of the blends, but it is a very pleasant wine, soft and approachable, sweet and smooth. A bit one-dimensional; it begins with fresh berry fruit, tosses in a hint of cherry tobacco, and leaves a slightly earthy impression in the finish, but fails to move in the mouth."	Meyer Vineyard	87	42	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lemelson 2005 Meyer Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lemelson
Italy	"This has aged for 20 months in oak and presents tones of cherry fruit, blackberry, blue flower, spice and toasted almond. There's a slightly pungent note of bruised apple or plum that gives the wine sharp brightness."	Riserva	89	28	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Castello d'Albola 2007 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Castello d'Albola
US	"From grapes grown predominantly in Oak Knoll, and blended with Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc and Merlot, this Cab offers a richness of oak and coffee on the nose before a juicy midpalate delivers red currant and red cherry. It finishes dry in pronounced tannins."		86	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fortune 1621 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fortune 1621
Italy	"This enjoyable all-Sangiovese wine offers black cherry, tilled earth and new leather aromas. The savory palate delivers red plum flavors accented by cinnamon and clove, framed in lithe tannins. Enjoy through 2019."	Riserva	89	25	Tuscany	Chianti Colli Fiorentini		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Torre a Cona 2013 Riserva  (Chianti Colli Fiorentini)	Sangiovese	Fattoria Torre a Cona
US	"A blend of Grenache (50%) and Cinsault (20%) along with equal parts Mourvèdre and Syrah, this wine draws you into the glass with notes of smoked meat, bark, raspberry, blue fruit and peppery spices. It brings a rich, mouthful of generous fruit flavors that hit the delicious gong and then linger to hear it resonate."	Besoleil	91	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Betz Family 2012 Besoleil Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rhône-style Red Blend	Betz Family
US	"You want decadence, opulence and fabulosity in your Chardonnay? This one's for you. It's tremendous in ripe pineapple, pear, peach, mango, lime, tangerine and papaya flavors. So much fruit, while the oak application is never heavy handed, applying just the right touch of buttered toast. Where does all that vanilla honey come from? A magnificent example of a first-growth California Chardonnay, at a great price."	Block UU Bien Nacido Vineyard	96	32	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Foxen 2010 Block UU Bien Nacido Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Foxen
US	"Quite light in color, this wine starts out reduced initially, followed by aromas of red fruit and herb. The tangy cranberry flavors are light and elegant, with the oak seemingly dialed back."	Abracadabra	87	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Brian Carter Cellars 2014 Abracadabra Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Brian Carter Cellars
US	"Fresh aromas of honeysuckle lead to a palate where honey and vanilla come together atop ripe peach. Medium bodied, the texture is unctuous before finishing lean and light."		88	25	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Terlato 2014 Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	Terlato
US	"Dark in color, this wine was fermented in neutral barrels and then aged in stainless steel, preserving its freshness and acidity. Cranberry, strawberry and watermelon define the flavor profile amidst a dry backbone."	Rosé of	88	20	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Karah Estate 2016 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Karah Estate
US	"This bottling by Jim Clendenen is all about subtlety, with red currants, tiny bits of strawberry and iron showing on the nose. A rusty cherry character shows once sipped, with chaparral and pencil lead emerging as well. This wine requires attention, but rewards those with focus and patience."	La Bauge Au-Dessus	89	35	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Au Bon Climat 2010 La Bauge Au-Dessus Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Au Bon Climat
US	"Aromas of smoke and sweet apple introduce an intensely flavored palate that's full of ripe yellow peach, waxy flower and fresh fennel. Off-dry and bold in structure, it finishes with a hint of lanolin and a lingering minerality."	RTR Vineyard Semi-Dry	88	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Red Tail Ridge 2011 RTR Vineyard Semi-Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Red Tail Ridge
US	"Here's a complex, layered wine that impresses for sheer power. It floods the mouth with ripe flavors of black currants, blackberries, black cherries, dark chocolate, anise and cedar that finish deep and long. Delicious and dry, but quite closed now in tannins, and needs time. Best after 2009, at least."	SOLO	92	85	California	Stags Leap District	Napa			Silverado 2005 SOLO Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Silverado
US	"This robust red shows plenty of ripe berry flavors, firm texture and full body. It has a gripping mouthfeel and persistent raspberry and cranberry flavors that make the mouth water."		89	25	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Fenestra 2011 Tempranillo (Livermore Valley)	Tempranillo	Fenestra
US	"Lightly fruity, this all-Pinot Noir rosé just hints at strawberry, but seems overloaded with flavors and scents of pastry crust and vanilla cookie."	Dry	85	19	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Winter's Hill 2014 Dry Rosé (Dundee Hills)	Rosé	Winter's Hill
US	"From an organically farmed block planted entirely to the Pommard clone, this wine offers strawberry, earth and black tea, diluted slightly by a tannic underbite that competes with the fruit. Softly structured, it grips further on the finish."	Don Miguel Vineyard Earthquake Block	87	52	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Marimar Estate 2013 Don Miguel Vineyard Earthquake Block Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Marimar Estate
Italy	"Antinori's blend of 55% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot and 15% Cabernet Franc creates a vibrant, structured wine that shows tension and energy. It opens with aromas of black cherry, black currant, dark spices and leather that carry through to the palate alongside firm but refined tannins and vibrant freshness. It already has nice depth but give it time to develop complexity. Drink 2015–2030."		94	110	Tuscany	Bolgheri Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Guado al Tasso 2010  Bolgheri Superiore	Red Blend	Guado al Tasso
Italy	"This easy expression of Syrah is redolent of ripe berry, moist earth and forest floor. There's a touch of fresh mint or peppermint as well, and a drying mineral feel on the close."		87	10	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				MandraRossa 2010 Syrah (Sicilia)	Syrah	MandraRossa
US	"This blend is proprietors Claire and Gonzague Lurton's foray into California fruit: the two of them together owner several estates in Bordeaux. Their estate vineyard site, still in replanting mode, sits atop a compelling knoll atop Chalk Hill. Leathery and smoky, this wine is classically styled in currant and pencil lead, with a dry, restrained body that lingers on the palate."		92	75	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Acaibo 2013 Red (Sonoma County)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Acaibo
Germany	"Whiffs of ripe red berries and stone fruit lend a particularly fruity tone to this just off-dry Riesling. While medium bodied in style, sumptuously ripe flavors of peach and nectarine give the palate a distinct plumpness. Wraps up tart and tight with a shower of citrus acidity."	Rüdesheimer Halbtrocken	90	16	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Nägler 2012 Rüdesheimer Halbtrocken Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Dr. Nägler
US	"Crafted from estate-grown Dijon clones, this outstanding effort offers sophisticated flavors of pear, quince, ginger and lemon curd, wrapped together in a buttered-nut finish. Barrel fermentation helps smooth the way into a beautifully balanced, ageworthy style."	Reserve	93	35	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Stoller 2013 Reserve Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Stoller
US	"The 2010 Select is a step ahead of Torii Mor's single vineyard offerings, but holds to the common thread of hard, tart, tight wines with little flesh on their bones. Here the raspberry and strawberry fruit pokes through the herbs and tannins enough to warrant drinking sooner while waiting for the others to (possibly) soften up."	Dundee Hills Select	87	45	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Torii Mor 2010 Dundee Hills Select Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Torii Mor
US	"Sweet, spicy fruit, with nicely matched toasty oak framing it. Everything balances out; this actually has the best balance and most seductive fruit of the three Lolonis bottlings, and certainly represents the best value."		88	20	California	Redwood Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lolonis 1998 Zinfandel (Redwood Valley)	Zinfandel	Lolonis
US	"Except for being just a bit linear, this is a really good Cabernet for the price. It offers rich blackberry, black currant liqueur, anise and cedar flavors that are wrapped into firm tannins. The balance is really impressive. It's throwing some sediment already, so decant it."		90	20	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Firestone 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Ynez Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Firestone
US	"Sourced entirely from Pepper Bridge Vineyard, this chewy, substantial Cabernet has deep and delicious cassis and berry flavors that are accented with sweet, toasty oak. It spent three years in tight-grain French barrels, bearing the espresso-laden depths to show for it. This is thoroughly delicious and ageworthy."	Caimbry	94	40	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kontos 2008 Caimbry Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kontos
US	"Although it's 100% varietal and comes from one of the state's oldest Cabernet vineyards, this wine is somewhat blue-fruited for the variety, with notes of plum and mountain blueberry along with herb, graphite, espresso and spice. The palate shows more of the same, bringing a sense of restraint and polish along with lightly grainy tannins that need some time to stretch their legs. It doesn't scream Cabernet but it still brings plenty of appeal. Best after 2022."	Plus One Kiona Vineyard	90	75	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Rasa 2014 Plus One Kiona Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rasa
Italy	"A smoky, graphite tone of ash or crushed mineral opens the nose of this densely concentrated wine. Dark chocolate, sweet cherry and fresh tobacco leaf are followed by a chewy, syrupy mouthfeel with fine, polished tannins."	Arnione	94	75	Tuscany	Bolgheri Superiore				Campo alla Sughera 2008 Arnione  (Bolgheri Superiore)	Red Blend	Campo alla Sughera
US	"From an estate vineyard high atop the appellation and blended with 9% Merlot, 6% Cabernet Franc and 5% Malbec, this is a bold, balanced wine made by Julien Fayard. Juicy blackberry and blueberry layer along soft, fine-grain tannins, making an impression on the palate. A creamy richness lingers on the finish, accented by black licorice. Cellar through 2022."		94	190	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mithra 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mithra
US	This wine is all about power and hedonism. Brooding dark fruit aromas meld with black licorice and lead to a seamless full-bodied blackberry and black-cherry flavors. It demands another sip.	Cattle King Upland Vineyard	94	70	Washington	Snipes Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	K Vintners 2013 Cattle King Upland Vineyard Syrah (Snipes Mountain)	Syrah	K Vintners
Italy	"This is a lovely Nebbiolo that serves as a perfect introductory wine for those interested in eventually expanding their knowledge of Barbaresco and Barolo. Made with the same grape, this wine offers small berry aromas backed by ethereal tones of violet and licorice."		88	17	Piedmont	Nebbiolo d'Alba				Damilano 2008  Nebbiolo d'Alba	Nebbiolo	Damilano
US	"Though fairly light in color, the aromas on this single-vineyard wine are quite dark and meaty: dried mushroom, dried cherry, even beef jerky. Once sipped, macerated cherry, chai, black tea and espresso combine into a soft, expressive mouthfeel that finishes with tart cranberry."	Four Boys Vineyard	93	72	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pessagno 2011 Four Boys Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Pessagno
France	"This shows the proper attention to structure that is the inheritance of any Nuits-Saint-Georges. But around that structure, Gilles Jayer builds a velvet curtain of ripe black fruits, touched with spice and leavened with acidity. It's a wine that is delicious now, but certainly should be aged."	Les Hauts Poirets	92	149	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jayer-Gilles 2006 Les Hauts Poirets  (Nuits-St.-Georges)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Jayer-Gilles
US	"Fruit-forward and luxurious, this is an estate-grown wine. Savory and soft, it traffics in dried cranberry and cherry besides a taste of truffle and black tea. Fresh and vibrant on the palate, it ends in a flush of caramel."	East Slope	93	90	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Donum 2012 East Slope Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Donum
Spain	"Woody, earthy berry aromas are more elegant than overpowering. This crianza feels fresh, albeit a touch raw and scratchy. Earthy, lightly oaked flavors of vanilla, plum and cherry finish dry, spicy and with scrappy tannins."	Crianza	88	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Milenrama 2011 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Milenrama
France	"Very rich, almost overripe pear dominates the palate, which also has a rich marzipan edge. Residual sugar is just about cut by citrus freshness. This is at the cusp of being just a little too much."	Barriques	88	37	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Ostertag 2013 Barriques Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Ostertag
US	"This limited, two-barrel release from Jaxon makes a strong case for the quality of Southern Oregon Malbec. It's dark to the point of black, and the flavors continue to emphasize black cherry fruit, along with dark chocolate, roasted coffee and clean earth. Tannic and chewy, it is a solid choice for anything grilled."		90	26	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Jaxon 2012 Malbec (Rogue Valley)	Malbec	Jaxon
US	"Just two barrels were made, from a mix of Syrah and Pinot Noir. It's a pale, pretty rosé, with flavors of watermelon and strawberry, and good concentration through the mid-palate."	Rustique	87	19	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coeur de Terre 2012 Rustique Rosé (McMinnville)	Rosé	Coeur de Terre
US	"Tremendously rich and ripe, this Pinot just dazzles the palate with waves of raspberries, cherries, cocoa, red licorice, bacon and other intense umami flavors. It's dry and silky, but the drawback is excessive softness."	Clark & Telephone Vineyard	88	44	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Belle Glos 2008 Clark & Telephone Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Belle Glos
France	"Stylish and fruity, this has red currant crispness and an attractive warm, ripe background. It's balanced and fresh, with intense fruitiness at the end."	Douce Vie Les Muraires	87	19	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bernard Magrez 2014 Douce Vie Les Muraires Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Bernard Magrez
US	"Strongly flavored in wild berries, tobacco and cola, this also has a vegetal note lurking around the edges. It's likeable for its dryness and firm tannins, which should perform well with a steak."	Block 1970	85	36	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Limerick Lane 2009 Block 1970 Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Limerick Lane
Chile	"There's not much point in making a reserve-style wine if the barrels are subpar. Aggressive menthol and sappy green-barrel aromas and flavors dominate this wine. There's good weight and texture, just not much in the way of vinous flavor."	Prima Reserva	80	13	Maipo Valley			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	De Martino 1999 Prima Reserva Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	De Martino
Italy	"You'll find pretty scents of red berry, violet, pressed powder and a whiff of moist soil on this vibrant, savory red. The juicy, lively palate doles out tart red cherry, anise, cake spice and orange peel alongside zesty acidity and supple tannins. It's made to be enjoyed young so drink now."	RS	88	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Badia a Coltibuono 2014 RS  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Badia a Coltibuono
Australia	"This Riesling starts out strong, with a likable tangle of apricots, peaches and apples on the nose. The palate is a bit watery, though it offers up some nice flavors of lime rind and pomelo. Short finish. Drink soon, preferably with cold roast pork."	Devil's Corner	84	16	Tasmania	Tasmania				Tamar Ridge 2008 Devil's Corner Riesling (Tasmania)	Riesling	Tamar Ridge
US	"Sleek and distinctive, this is loaded with snappy flavors of lime, green melon and wet stone. The fermentation in French oak (20% new) brings a lick of butterscotch to the finish."	Lynette	92	38	Oregon	Columbia Gorge (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Phelps Creek 2014 Lynette Chardonnay (Columbia Gorge (OR))	Chardonnay	Phelps Creek
Germany	"Ripe melon and grapefruit flavors are plush and pristine in this forward off-dry Riesling. Zesty tangerine acidity brightens the midpalate and leads a moderately long, sugar-cookie finish. It's a refreshing, fruity quaffer intended for youthful consumption."		88	12	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Saint M 2013 Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Saint M
South Africa	"An interesting blend of equal parts Syrah and Mourvèdre wiith 8% Tannat, The Pepper Pot offers concentrated aromas and flavors of dark forest berries and fleshy black plums. A hint of leather and game unfolds on the finish, while medium acidity keeps the flavors fresh on the palate."	The Pepper Pot	89	15	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Edgebaston 2010 The Pepper Pot Red (Stellenbosch)	Red Blend	Edgebaston
US	"Deep red plum, dried rose, lavender and oak smoke show on the nose of this bottling from Rick Longoria's estate vineyard, while it also offers a sanguine, feral quality. The palate continues the intrigue, its dried seaweed and wild sagebrush notes giving nuance to the tart strawberry and cranberry fruit."	Fe Ciega Vineyard	92	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Longoria 2014 Fe Ciega Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Longoria
US	"Bob's is the producer's estate vineyard, acquired in 2014, a foggy site near the Petaluma Gap. Here, it allows for fleshy flavors of pear, brioche and honey, offering ripeness within a classic structure of minerality. Intense in tension and body, it has a dark color and a lingering tease of honeycomb."	Bob's Ranch	94	65	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Walt 2014 Bob's Ranch Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Walt
France	"From Château des Landes' old vines, this is a concentrated, solid wine. Dark tannins have dark chocolate and licorice flavors, with a structure that dominates the fruit and needs to soften. New wood aging was perhaps excessive, but give the wine time. Drink from 2017."	Cuvée Prestige	88	40	Bordeaux	Lussac Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château des Landes 2011 Cuvée Prestige  (Lussac Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château des Landes
France	"Dark colored wine, its fruit structured with building blocks of dense tannins, acidity and a plum skin texture. The wine has a fine balance, rich but also restrained and elegant. For aging over 3–4 years."		90	42	Bordeaux	Moulis-en-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut-Bellevue 2009  Moulis-en-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut-Bellevue
France	"There's a distinct salinity to this Chard, complementing the green apple and hard peach flavors. Notes of sweet lemony citrus linger on the mouthwatering finish."	Les Grains	86	10	France Other	Mediterranée		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Marrenon 2009 Les Grains Chardonnay (Mediterranée)	Chardonnay	Marrenon
France	"Silky wine, fresh and light, balanced with high acidity cutting through black berry fruits. The structure has some substance, but this is a light, aromatic wine, developing fast, already delicious, and only for medium-term aging."		93	450	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Margaux 2007  Margaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Margaux
US	"A personal wine project of winemaker Ric Forman and his wife, Cheryl Emmolo, this gorgeously rendered, elegant, minerality-driven white offers subtle waves of apple skin, lemon and tangerine. Bright from start to finish, it's well worth seeking out."		93	25	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rossi Wallace 2014 Chardonnay (Rutherford)	Chardonnay	Rossi Wallace
US	"The fruit is apricot through and through, concentrated and thick. This is softer and less acidic than most Washington Rieslings, with suggestions of butter and caramel. It should be chilled a bit to firm it up."	Late Harvest	86	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Washington Hills 2008 Late Harvest Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Washington Hills
US	"The McIntyre family took over their Santa Lucia Highlands vineyards in 1987. The wine kicks off with aromas of black mustard, violet and dark spices. Once sipped, the mouthfeel is rich and full, but the nondescript flavors fall somewhere between tart cranberry and warm strawberry."	Estate 25th Anniversary	89	36	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	McIntyre Vineyards 2012 Estate 25th Anniversary Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	McIntyre Vineyards
US	"Soft and robustly concentrated, this showcases its mountain fruit in a powerful way, with interwoven layers of cola spice, tobacco and dark black fruit. The oak adds a reductive character to the dense, full-bodied whole."		91	110	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	J. Davies 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	J. Davies
France	"There's quite an explosion of crisp fruit in this wine, as it shows crisp, green flavors, green apples, tense acidity and fruit tannins. Definitely cool climate, it still could age for 5 months."		86	26	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Remy-Pannier 2007  Pouilly-Fumé	Sauvignon Blanc	Remy-Pannier
US	"Richly fruity and semisweet, this medium-bodied wine smells like cotton candy and tastes like pear syrup. Smooth in texture and mouth-filling in concentration, it finishes on lingering sweetness."	Jam's Blend	85	12	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Tortoise Creek 2015 Jam's Blend Chardonnay (Lodi)	Chardonnay	Tortoise Creek
US	"Almost all varietal (with 2% Malbec) from one of the state's premier sites, this wine draws you into the glass with aromas of coffee, scorched earth, herb, spice and dark fruit. The palate shows a beguiling sense of restraint and detail, with the tannins combed to a fine sheen, perfectly framed acidity and a lengthy finish. It's an exquisite example of the variety that should have a long life ahead of it. It will be best after 2020."	Champoux Vineyard	93	55	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Januik 2012 Champoux Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Januik
US	"Made in a drink-me-now style, this is a delicately balanced wine, rich in oak, with a wealth of raspberries and cherries. It's soft, delicious and a little high in alcohol."	Durell Vineyard	86	54	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Pali 2010 Durell Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Pali
Italy	"Nebbiolo from two vineyard sites (Le Coste and Mosconi) is blended to create a tasty wine with notes of cherry, blackberry and leather. It's silky smooth on the finish despite its young age."	Le Coste Mosconi	91	82	Piedmont	Barolo				Parusso 2008 Le Coste Mosconi  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Parusso
US	"The winery identifies this as their reserve-level wine, giving it 14 months in 50% new French oak barrels. Raspberry and cherry flavors are prominent, along with scents and flavors of cookie dough. The wine has moderate depth and length, although the tannins turn a little bitter. Some additional bottle age should help smooth it out."	Signature Cuvée	88	60	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Willamette Valley Vineyards 2011 Signature Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Willamette Valley Vineyards
England	"A touch of honey clings to appetizingly tart red-apple fruit on the nose. The palate brings in a bright streak of lemon freshness that is both countered and enhanced by the fine, creamy mousse. Elegant litheness and an ease of touch elevate flavors to tart, crisp ripeness. The lip-smacking, pure finish reveals lovely brioche notes. Still taut and fresh, it would make a great apéritif. The wine will round out with a little bottle age. Drink 2017–2025."	Blanc de Noirs	93	43	England			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Exton Park Vineyard NV Blanc de Noirs Pinot Noir (England)	Pinot Noir	Exton Park Vineyard
US	"Aromas of vanilla, butter and barrel spice are followed by lightly styled fruit and barrel flavors. The concentration seems faint."	Reserve	86	30	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Mercer 2015 Reserve Chardonnay (Horse Heaven Hills)	Chardonnay	Mercer
Spain	"This slightly brooding red has a sweet and sour, tart cherry and toasty wood profile. As this shows some depth and has tannins to lose, it may benefit from aging another year. The tart fruit and good acidity make it a good choice to pair with lamb or other fatty meats. Drink now–2005+. —M.M."	Crianza 1998	86	14	Northern Spain	Rioja				Otanon 1998 Crianza 1998  (Rioja)	Red Blend	Otanon
US	"Herbal and somewhat oaky, this wine is also spritzy and fresh in acidity, with tropical elements of pineapple that meet citrus-driven tones of grapefruit and lemon."	Valhall Vineyard	88	21	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pech Merle 2016 Valhall Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Pech Merle
US	"Light pear and apple flavors, with a dash of melon, comprise this simple, pleasantly acidic white wine. Though it does not have the density of many other Oregon Pinot Gris bottlings, it is reliable and fresh, with a screwcap for good measure."		85	12	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Duck Pond 2008 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Duck Pond
US	"A 100% varietal wine, this still has a puckering sense to the tannins, the power and weight of the wine generous and robust. Leather and banana figure into the bouquet, with the savory-laden flavors leaning toward black pepper and dark, ripe plum. This wine needs time; cellar through 2022."	Mailbox Vineyard Reserve	91	68	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Keenan 2012 Mailbox Vineyard Reserve Merlot (Spring Mountain District)	Merlot	Keenan
US	"Cooked cherries, hard cinnamon candies, rhubarb pie and smoked meats arise on the nose of this bottling from the Malibu winery. Ripe cherries, anise and pepper also combine for a pleasant, easy-drinking palate."		88	32	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Dolin 2012 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Dolin
US	"Packed in upfront, with some atypical grassy, wildflower aromas. Chunky fruit and Port-like flavors make a statement, as does a black-tea note on the finish. Slightly clumsy now, the hope here is that some time in the cellar will help weld any incongruent elements."	Vineyard Reserve	88	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Liparita 1997 Vineyard Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Liparita
US	"Jon Martinez, who arrived in Washington barely six years ago, is knocking the ball out of the park. Improving with each new release, he has locked in a stellar collection of vineyards, and made Rhône-style wines his focus. This is a revelation. Pure berries, cassis, rock, earth, licorice, and a hint of baking spices. Gorgeous."	Upland Vineyard Gravière G.S.M.	95	40	Washington	Snipes Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Maison Bleue 2009 Upland Vineyard Gravière G.S.M. Red (Snipes Mountain)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Maison Bleue
France	"Light in color while full of fruit, this is a ripe and jammy wine. A good core of tannins are surrounded by ripe cherry and strawberry-flavored fruits. There is a good future for this dense wine, so drink from 2017."	Vignes du Domaine	89	33	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Max 2013 Vignes du Domaine  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Louis Max
Portugal	"This is the second wine from the Pintas vineyard in the heart of the Pinhão valley. It's powered by mint, dark plums and new wood flavors to give a richly concentrated, juicy wine. It's still young, showing all its initial fruitiness, and those tannins and acidity will need several years. Drink from 2017."	Pintas Character	93	40	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wine & Soul 2012 Pintas Character Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wine & Soul
Italy	"Menthol, aromatic herb, purple flower and new leather scents meld together in this wine. On the firm, focused, palate, clove, star anise and espresso hints back up Marasca cherry and cranberry flavors while tightly knit but refined tannins and bright acidity provide support."		91	45	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Oddero 2013  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Oddero
Chile	"More oaky and resiny than in prior years, with a strong, undeniable scent of sawdust. This suggests faux-oak aging via tank staves, which results in a textured but resiny wine that lacks fresh fruit. Too much like a tour through the sawmill."	Castillo de Molina Reserva	83	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Pedro 2008 Castillo de Molina Reserva Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	San Pedro
US	"Lovely aromatics suggest wet stone, raspberry and pomegranate. This is a sleek, subtle wine. Its winery notes suggest it is a “slow bloomer” in the glass, which proves out if you give it that chance. It's balanced and resonant, with the promise of further improvement with another few years of bottle age."	Abby's Block Reserve	91	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coeur de Terre 2014 Abby's Block Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Coeur de Terre
Germany	"Smoky veins of struck flint and slate lend a savory mineral tone to this refreshingly tonic Riesling. Sweet-tart tangerine and grapefruit flavors are juxtaposed by bracing lime acidity, a racy mélange that lingers for a long but invigorating finish."	Nik Weis Selection Urban	90	12	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		St. Urbans-Hof 2015 Nik Weis Selection Urban Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Urbans-Hof
US	"This is powerful in tropical fruit, apricot and oak flavors, but balanced with acidity and a tangy, minerally taste of stones. Rich and evocative, it appeals to the senses while retaining a complex intellectual charm. Drink now with lobster or crab dishes, especially a rich, buttery risotto."	Sorelle	93	38	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Baldacci 2010 Sorelle Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Baldacci
Italy	"This is a lean, simple sparkling wine with stone fruit and grapefruit followed by almond and melon. Foamy and crisp, pair this wine with seafood appetizers."	Satén	87	24	Lombardy	Franciacorta				Cà del Vént NV Satén Chardonnay (Franciacorta)	Chardonnay	Cà del Vént
Germany	"This wine's calling card is its electric acidity, which provides a poignant counterbalance to the wine's plump feel on the palate. Ripe citrus notes of pineapple and orange offer plenty of flavor to go along with the superb length. It's ready to drink, yet should prove capable of aging at least 5–6 years."	Vom Schiefer Trocken	90	18	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ansgar Clüsserath 2010 Vom Schiefer Trocken Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Ansgar Clüsserath
US	"This blend of Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Pinotage is complex yet restrained from start to finish. Aromas of red cherry, cranberry and grape fold into vanilla, smoke, fig presserves and a sanguine character. On the palate, these are met with a smooth tannic structure and a rooibos tea note. It is lush and silky in mouthfeel and boasts a long, harmonious finish."	Josie's Knoll Rotunda	90	20	Virginia	Monticello		Carrie Dykes		Lovingston 2015 Josie's Knoll Rotunda Red (Monticello)	Red Blend	Lovingston
US	"Some awkward flavors and textures in this dry, tannic wine. Polished blackberries and cherries co-exist beside less ripe mint, and the tannins and acids are sharp and green. Seems like problems at the sorting table."		85	40	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			A.S. Kiken 2008 Red (Diamond Mountain District)	Red Blend	A.S. Kiken
US	"You can taste the dosage on this Chardonnay, Pinot Noir and Pinot Meunier brut in the overt sweetness that accompanies the pear, citrus and raspberry fruit flavors. With noticeable residual sugar, it's not really a dry sparkling wine, but it is delicious."	Vintage Brut	87	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			J Vineyards & Winery 2005 Vintage Brut Sparkling (Russian River Valley)	Sparkling Blend	J Vineyards & Winery
US	"Thick in black peppery cinnamon, this wine offers a zig-zag of fruit and power without falling over the edge of extremity. The mix includes 5% Petite Sirah. Full bodied and big, it finishes in a taste of sweet vanilla."		87	30	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wilson 2012 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Wilson
US	"The aromas bring spicy notes of cayenne pepper, along with notes of dark-roasted coffee, wood spice and cherry. The palate is full of polished yet voluptuous dark-fruit flavors that are backed by lightly grainy tannins."	Canoe Ridge Estate	90	28	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2014 Canoe Ridge Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"An astonishing wine, creamy and loaded with lush fruit flavors. The tropical fruits are just the beginning; layer upon layer of marshmallow, whipped cream, brioche, butterscotch, buttered nuts, toast and more keep piling on. With all that richness, it remains a billowy, pillowy Chardonnay, light as a feather, yet deep and dreamy."	Sigrid	95	80	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bergström 2009 Sigrid Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Bergström
Chile	"The nose is big and forward, a statement of modernity for this French-owned Chilean winery. Once you get to the wine itself, it's a bit boxed in and young, but with plenty of berry and cherry fruit. The finish is big and expansive, an indication that the wine should age nicely for at least four or five years. A good wine for fans of Chile's reds."	Le Dix de Los Vascos	88	40	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite) 1999 Le Dix de Los Vascos Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite)
Chile	"Alejandro Hernandez, professor of viticulture and oenology at Chile's Catholic University, produced this attractive bottle of Chardonnay to drink tonight. Aromas of toasted oak, apple and pineapple open. The viscous mouthfeel is supported by crisp acidity. Offers a long apple-pineapple finish with a butterscotch finale."	Reserva	87	12	Central Valley					Portal Del Alto 1999 Reserva Chardonnay (Central Valley)	Chardonnay	Portal Del Alto
France	"Pure Sauvignon Blanc, this is herbal while also crisp, very fruity, bright and lively. Gooseberry juice dominates this intense wine."	Element Terre	88	16	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Pierrettes 2009 Element Terre Sauvignon Blanc (Touraine)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine des Pierrettes
US	"Unfortunately this wine just hangs on the cusp of quality. The nose is somewhat muddy and grassy. Plummy fruit with tangy acids carry the unrefined palate. Cola nut is noticeable on the dry finish. The effort seems to be there, but the result is not stellar."		82	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Helvetia 1998 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Helvetia
US	"Caramel, oak and intensely ripe mango and peach flavors mark this Chardonnay. It's simple and straightforward, but pleasant drinking."		86	34	California	Mt. Harlan	Central Coast			Calera 2012 Chardonnay (Mt. Harlan)	Chardonnay	Calera
US	"Greenwood suggests cellaring this wine for four years but in the meantime it's more baked bread than earthy, red fruit and pretty high in acidity."		84	30	California	Mendocino Ridge		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Greenwood Ridge 2009 Pinot Noir (Mendocino Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Greenwood Ridge
US	"A seductive, downright sexy wine, this opens with scents of dried cherries and sandalwood. Those cherry flavors expand inside a frame of dark chocolate. Tannins have a bit of a shell, but ample aeration takes the stiffness out."	West Hill	91	60	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Shea 2013 West Hill Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Shea
US	"Spicy cardamom adds to the exotic perfume that opens this wine that is juicy in acidity and bright with crisp red cherry. Refreshing, it takes on more weight and substance as it glides effortlessly to the finish."		92	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	David Bruce 2013 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	David Bruce
US	"Excellent concentration impresses here, with a full-throttle mix of citrus, apple, pear and peach fruit. Fermented and aged in stainless steel, this spent five months on the lees and offers length and balance."	Domaine	91	29	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	King Estate 2014 Domaine Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	King Estate
France	"Crisp and lively, this is a tight and mineral wine. Baked-apple fruitiness is balanced by bright acidity and a tangy aftertaste. Drink from 2018."	Tradition	86	19	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Deux Roches 2015 Tradition  (Saint-Véran)	Chardonnay	Domaine des Deux Roches
US	"A barrel selection from the estate and Shaw vineyards, this spent a couple of years in new French oak. It shows good concentration and oak influence. Cassis fruit is underscored with vivid acidity, and the wine retains its balance through a long finish that offers highlights of smoke and char."	Red Mountain Reserve	90	55	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hightower 2010 Red Mountain Reserve Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Hightower
US	"Light and watery, this Cab is somewhat dull and lifeless, not showing much in the way of fruit or structure."		81	11	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cooper Station 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cooper Station
US	"Very young, this is a fine follow-up to the winery's outstanding 2009. Dark and rich, the estate-grown fruit offers far more flavor than almost any domestic Merlot in this price range. Blackberries, black cherry, smoke and espresso lead into a grainy, chocolaty, tannic finish."	Estate Grown	87	8	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	StoneCap 2010 Estate Grown Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	StoneCap
Argentina	"Lean, dusty red-fruit aromas are redolent of nail polish. A grabby palate is chunky and home to syrupy, cloying flavors of medicinal red fruits. Burnt, rubbery notes characterize the finish."	Urban Uco	81	15	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	O. Fournier 2013 Urban Uco Tempranillo (Uco Valley)	Tempranillo	O. Fournier
US	"Fermented in French oak and concrete, aromas of charry toast, pear, herb, lees and spice are followed by medium-bodied fruit flavors. It comes up a bit flat on the finish."		88	37	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dance 2015 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Dance
France	"The product of a partnership between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie with the Perrin family of Château Beaucastel in Châteauneuf-du-Pape, this bottling achieves instant fame. Happily, it is also a very fine wine, perfectly balanced between crisp fruit and acidity. In the background a touch of tannin accompanies pepper and minerality. It is ready to drink."		91	26	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Miraval 2015 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Miraval
Portugal	"Named after the rare Douro golden oriole bird (which obviously likes to eat figs), this is a bright, fruity wine with light tannins that give it a delicious fresh, red fruit character. It has a smoky edge from wood aging, finely balanced and ready to drink now."	Papa Figos	89	15	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Ferreirinha 2014 Papa Figos Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Casa Ferreirinha
US	"Give this ageable Pinot time in the cellar. It's tight now in tannins, with fresh acidity perking up primary fruit flavors of cherries, raspberries and jam. Very fine in structure, very complex in depth, it should come into its own after 2010."	Keefer Ranch Vineyard	92	50	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Pali 2007 Keefer Ranch Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Pali
Australia	"It's refreshing to see another importer take a chance on Pinot Noir from the Adelaide Hills, a region that can reliably ripen the variety at reasonable crop loads. This is a rounder, more supple style of Pinot than most from Australia, with cola, spice and cherry notes reminiscent of Dr. Pepper, or of some Pinots from California's Russian River Valley. Drink now–2020."	SV	90	28	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Loom 2013 SV Pinot Noir (Adelaide Hills)	Pinot Noir	Loom
Germany	"Toasted nut, smoke and slate aromas lend complexity and nuance to this high-pitched Riesling Sekt. Lemon-lime acidity and vivacious effervescence give the palate an electric feel, countered nicely by delicate swirls of sweet red apple and caramel. It's concentrated and boldly penetrating through a long finish."	Riesling Sekt Brut	92	50	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Robert Weil 2014 Riesling Sekt Brut Sparkling (Rheingau)	Sparkling Blend	Robert Weil
Italy	"Aromas of plum, tilled soil, truffle, dark baking spice and a whiff of violet lead the nose. The medium-bodied, easygoing palate offers juicy black cherry, white pepper and clove framed in lithe tannins and lively acidity. Enjoy through 2018."		88	25	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Corsignano 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Fattoria di Corsignano
New Zealand	"Better known for its Pinot Noir, Ata Rangi has turned in a fine performance with its 2007 Sauvignon Blanc. It's grassy, but balanced by ripe fig and stone fruit characters that weave an intricately detailed medium-weight palate. Long on the finish. Drink now–2009."		91	27	Martinborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ata Rangi 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Martinborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Ata Rangi
US	"Drier and better structured than your typical Paso Robles Cab, this polished wine shows an earthy, herbal edge to the cherry, blackberry and cedar flavors. Shows a Bordeaux-like finesse and elegance that's all too rare in Cabernet from this appellation."	Reserve	91	39	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Nipa 2005 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Nipa
US	"Very ripe, soft and sugary sweet, this Cab has flavors of blackberries, cherries, mocha and caramelized oak. It doesn't really taste like the kind of tannic, ageworthy wine you expect from Diamond Mountain. Drink now."		86	60	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			Coniglio 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Coniglio
Chile	"Meaty aromas and scents of stewed red-berry fruits are rustic. This feels hard and high in unabsorbed acidity. A strong smear of buttery oak rests on top of edgy currant and red-plum flavors, while this is spicy and oaky on the finish."	Reserva Terroir El Algarrobo	84	13	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TerraNoble 2014 Reserva Terroir El Algarrobo Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	TerraNoble
US	"A lovely wine, rich and balanced and crisp, that shows how sometimes an offbeat blend can be better than a varietal wine. Made from Chardonnay, Gewürztraminer and Viognier, it's deliciously off-dry. Each variety brings something to the table, resulting in a whole that's superior to its parts."	VGS Explorer Epice	91	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Château Potelle 2010 VGS Explorer Epice White (Napa Valley)	White Blend	Château Potelle
Germany	"This is a big, broad-shouldered Riesling, with plenty of body and a slightly oily mouthfeel. Powerful mineral notes dominate, giving the impression of liquid stone and spice, finishing almost totally dry."	Silberlack Erstes Gewächs	92	77	Rheingau			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Schloss Johannisberger 2006 Silberlack Erstes Gewächs Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Schloss Johannisberger
US	"A blend of several vineyards, this was aged for 17 months in French oak. The barrel influence is subtle, but the time in wood has helped to round out the tannins. The strawberry and raspberry fruit still has sharp edges and an herbal streak, bumping up against a smooth, chocolaty finish."	Deux Verres Reserve	88	38	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Torii Mor 2012 Deux Verres Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Torii Mor
US	"An impressive young Cabernet that shows plenty of classic Oakville character. It's dry and balanced, with firm, complex tannins and a solid core of ripe blackberry and currant fruit, as well as a fine overlay of sweet, smoky oak. Feels fine and important in the mouth, and should benefit from aging through at least 2017."	TKO	93	80	California	Oakville	Napa			Rockroom Winemaking Cooperative 2007 TKO Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rockroom Winemaking Cooperative
US	"This youthfully full-bodied, grippy wine has juicy cassis and a leathery texture at its core, with dried herb and cedar playing at its edges, a fine representation of a tannic vintage that offers structure in spades. Densely concentrated, it has ages to go in the bottle; drink now through 2023."		91	86	California	Stags Leap District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chimney Rock 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chimney Rock
US	"Aromas of smoke, herb, barrel spice and dark fruit lead to medium-bodied, supple fruit flavors. It doesn't all seem to come together at present, with the wood seeming primary."	Reserve Coyote Canyon	88	40	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Crest 2014 Reserve Coyote Canyon Syrah (Horse Heaven Hills)	Syrah	Columbia Crest
US	"This bubbly is on the sweet side. It has sugary pineapple and orange flavors. A little scoury in texture, it's an easy sparkling wine to drink with sweet foods, like wedding cake."	Sweet Cuvée	84	13	California	California	California Other			Korbel NV Sweet Cuvée Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
US	"This intriguing and delicious wine includes 15% Viognier, the two grapes spending nine months in French oak, only 30% of it new. The oak provides structure and strength in unobtrusive ways, allowing the freshness of pomelo and grapefruit to speak and remain tangy against a tease of vanilla. The finish is dry and lengthy."	T Bar T Ranch	91	35	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Hall 2014 T Bar T Ranch Sauvignon Blanc (Alexander Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Hall
US	"High-toned, fragrant, toasted oak nuances meld beautifully with delicious black cherry aromas and flavors in this well-balanced, abundantly proportioned wine. It is full bodied, opulent in texture, with enough fine-grained tannin and acidity to support the high level of ripeness. It keeps demanding another sip."	Anderson Creek Vineyard	94	49	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	MacPhail 2012 Anderson Creek Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	MacPhail
US	"What Americans need is a good $8 Zinfandel, and what do you know? That's just what this is. Dry as dust but sweet in fruit, with all kinds of savory spices, this is the perfect everyday wine for barbecue. Production was 8,000 cases, so it shouldn't be too hard to find."	Reserve	86	8	California	California	California Other			Oak Grove 2010 Reserve Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Oak Grove
Italy	"Aromas of dark berry, tilled soil, underbrush and espresso lead the nose while the taut palate offers sour cherry, sage, white pepper and star anise. It's still tightly wound and nervous, with bracing tannins. Drink 2019–2029."	Monvigliero	90	70	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pietro Rinaldi 2011 Monvigliero  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Pietro Rinaldi
Spain	"Dusty aromas of yellow apple and cream soda are creamier than the palate, which is tangy, lemony and green. This tastes of briny citrus and green apple, while tangerine, lime and green-herb flavors define the finish."	Brut	88	16	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	El Xamfrà 2011 Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	El Xamfrà
New Zealand	"This wine is flashy and there's no denying that, starting with a heady nose of toast, smoke and orange peel. The palate is viscous and grainy on notes of mint and ginger, with barely enough acidity to maintain balance. Nonetheless, it is inherently appealing."		88	15	Marlborough					Governor's Bay 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Governor's Bay
US	"This is a lovely Sauvignon Blanc that shows how well the Santa Ynez Valley can ripen the variety, while maintaining its vital acidity. Fermented in stainless steel, the wine shows tart flavors of lemons, limes and tropical fruits."		89	18	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Carr 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Carr
Italy	"Oak, ripe dark-skinned fruit, menthol, grilled herbs and brown cooking spice aromas lead the way. The firm palate offers baked black cherry, vanilla, dark chocolate, espresso and anise accompanied by firm, refined tannins. It's well balanced and already almost accessible."		91	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Fusina 2011  Barolo	Nebbiolo	La Fusina
US	"A blend of fruit from Klipsun, Slide Mountain, Elephant Mountain and Ciel du Cheval vineyards, this wine offers generous aromas of raspberries, chocolate and spice. The palate is packed to the brim with fruit flavors that linger on the finish."	Palisades	90	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Soos Creek 2013 Palisades Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Soos Creek
US	"Vanilla, herb, cherry, coconut and barrel spice aromas are followed by supple cherry and spice flavors in this wine. The barrel influence is a bit up-front, but it still provides plenty of pleasure."	Estate Riverbend Vineyard	89	40	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Fielding Hills 2014 Estate Riverbend Vineyard Merlot (Wahluke Slope)	Merlot	Fielding Hills
US	"This Syrah is overripe. It has a taste of raisins and prunes­—a baked, Porty quality—like the grapes had been grilled before being made into wine."		81	25	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Paredon 2007 Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Paredon
US	"Tasted in February, 2014, this Pinot was showing a slight effervescence, not unpleasant, but considered a flaw. The spritziness might calm down with a few more months in the bottle. The wine itself is dry, silky and solid in cola, raspberry jam, orange peel and sandalwood flavors."		84	14	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Masterpiece 2012 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Masterpiece
France	"This ripe Chardonnay has a soft texture and only the lightest minerality. It is fresh, tangy with lemon-zest flavors and refreshing acidity. The aftertaste with a burst of crispness is particularly attractive."	Esprit Blanc de Blancs Brut	88	38	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Baron-Fuenté NV Esprit Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Baron-Fuenté
Portugal	"When it was planted with Bordeaux grapes in 1974, this vineyard was a first in Portugal. It continues to produce great wines, with this is the latest release. It is sophisticated and rich, while also finely structured. Its wood aging lifts the wine and adds spice and density. As with past vintages, this wine needs to age. Drink after 2020."	Quinta da Bacalhôa	94	38	Península de Setúbal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bacalhôa Wines of Portugal 2014 Quinta da Bacalhôa Red (Península de Setúbal)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Bacalhôa Wines of Portugal
US	"The barrel toast carries a lightly charred edge, while the strawberry fruit comes up front and center with flavors of sweet pastry. There's a lick of licorice running through it as well, and the overall structure suggests drinking it up now through 2020."	First Class Estate Grown	90	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Benton-Lane 2014 First Class Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Benton-Lane
US	"Pungent tobacco, sage and grape juice aromas lead the nose on this tasty wine. The tannins are well dispersed on the palate, and the flavors balance between dark purple fruits and herbals of licorice and crushed marjoram."	Billy Goat Hill	90	45	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Blackjack 2010 Billy Goat Hill Merlot (Santa Barbara County)	Merlot	Blackjack
Argentina	"Shows pretty good concentration and depth on the nose, where it only slightly hints at the herbal character that comes later. The palate is a touch astringent, with cola, blackberry and herbal flavors. Persistent on the finish, but also herbal and not overly complex."	Malbec Reserva	87	14	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vila 2007 Malbec Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Vila
France	"This bright pink-colored wine is made from Malbec. It is fruity and fresh with strawberry flavors and layers of acidity that give it a crisp, tight aftertaste. Drink now."	Pigmentum	85	12	Southwest France	Côtes du Lot		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2014 Pigmentum Rosé (Côtes du Lot)	Rosé	Georges Vigouroux
US	"This dry, light-footed Riesling offers savory notes of bruised apple and walnut skin. It's refreshingly breezy on the palate with streaks of lemon acidity, and finishes crisp and clean."	STV Estate Vineyard	86	25	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Silver Thread 2013 STV Estate Vineyard Riesling (Seneca Lake)	Riesling	Silver Thread
Italy	"Alluring Nebbiolo aromas of dark berry, purple flower, baking spice, truffle and herb slowly unfold in this wine. The savory, succulent palate doles out Marasca cherry, raspberry compote, cinnamon and licorice flavors against a backdrop of firm, refined tannins and bright acidity."	Asili	92	75	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Luisin 2014 Asili  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Luisin
Spain	"This blend of Tempranillo, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Garnacha is gamy on the nose, with aromas of tomato leaf, compost and cherry-pie filling. The palate is decidedly acidic, while flavors of zesty red fruits like red currant and sour plum come across herbal and a touch weedy."	Raso de Larrainzar	84	24	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pago de Larrainzar 2008 Raso de Larrainzar Red (Navarra)	Red Blend	Pago de Larrainzar
Israel	A round and spicy Merlot. Dark plum and blackberry flourish while fleeting nuances of tobacco glimmer on the medium-length finish. The silky texture and soft tannins are sure to please those with a gentler palate.	Kosher	84	16	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Recanati 2006 Kosher Merlot (Galilee)	Merlot	Recanati
Argentina	"Opens with minerally, almost metallic aromas, along with rubber and berry mixed in. Feels fresh and ready, with plum, berry and chocolaty flavors. Finishes with a smooth feel, but maybe it could use a bit more cut and tannic structure. A wine that falls squarely in the middle zone."	Clasico	85	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tierra Prometida 2008 Clasico Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Tierra Prometida
Lebanon	"Smoky and rich with a swirl of petrol, dried apple and smoked nut skin flavors on the nose and palate, this is a dry, full-bodied white blend that's intentionally savory in style. Pleasantly pithy in the midpalate with hints of sun-dried hay and orange peel."	Musar Jeune	86	20	Bekaa Valley			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Château Musar 2009 Musar Jeune White (Bekaa Valley)	White Blend	Château Musar
US	"This is like a sparking Shiraz from Australia. It's pretty much as dark in color as a red wine, with a full body and a raspberry pie flavor. The palate is a little bit scouring and sweet, along with the classic yeastiness of a sparkling wine."	Rouge de Noirs	88	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Schug 2009 Rouge de Noirs Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Schug
US	"Heaps of blueberry, blackberry and mocha flavors make up the palate of this dry, soft Merlot. A few drops of Petite Sirah, Malbec and Petit Verdot add layers of flavor and texture."		85	7	California	California	California Other			Barefoot NV Merlot (California)	Merlot	Barefoot
US	"Aromas of coffee, toast, vanilla spice and dark fruit offer immediate appeal. The black-fruit flavors are ripe and generous, sticking around on the tart finish."	The Explorer Series	90	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	North by Northwest 2013 The Explorer Series Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	North by Northwest
Australia	"One of Australia's most expensive and sought-after Cabernet blends, Mount Mary's Quintet has failed to impress more than one American critic. It's an appealing, well-crafted wine that combines leather, cherry and dried herbs in a somewhat lean, crisp style that delivers a long, mineral-and-cedar finish."	Quintet	89	145	Victoria	Yarra Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Mount Mary 2004 Quintet Red (Yarra Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Mount Mary
US	"Big, rich and sappy, this tastes like cherry and raspberry jam that has been boiled down and made into wine—a suggestion of its youth. It is very fine, with keen acidity and a noble structure tinged with minerality. Give it 3–5 years to age."	Rancho Ontiveros	90	48	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Hug 2009 Rancho Ontiveros Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Hug
US	"This is made from 92% Cabernet Sauvignon and 8% Pinot Noir, an interesting and fulfilling combination thats robust on the palate. Pinkish-orange in color, it's both tangy and weighty, finishing dry in orange zest."	Rose & Thistle	90	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Adair Bachman 2014 Rose & Thistle Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Adair Bachman
France	A Bordeaux saved from its high alcohol by its acidity. There is power and superripe fruit yet parallel to these is the black currant acidity that cuts right through. Age for 1–2 years.		85	22	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saint-Michel 2010  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Saint-Michel
Germany	"Honey tangerine and jasmine notes perfume this intensely aromatic, complex wine. While dry in style, it's surprisingly rich and honeyed on the palate. The midpalate tightens with pineapple acidity, followed by a brash mineral finish."	Brauneberger Juffer-Sonnenuhr Trocken GG	92	65	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2012 Brauneberger Juffer-Sonnenuhr Trocken GG Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
France	"A firmly structured wine, packed with fruit, acidity and complex tannins. It is powerful, dark and rich with great weight to balance the dry, smoky character from wood aging. It's impressive, concentrated with a touch of licorice and spice that  cuts through the acidity. Drink from 2020."		94	257	Burgundy	Latricières-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Faiveley 2011  Latricières-Chambertin	Pinot Noir	Domaine Faiveley
US	"This is a very dry and dusty wine. That experience starts on the nose, where dried oregano, pencil shavings and bittersweet-chocolate aromas meet with restrained blackberry juice. The herbal wave carries into the sip, with marjoram, bay leaf and dill playing into slightly sour black-plum fruit."	The Chairman Series	88	42	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Firestone 2014 The Chairman Series Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Ynez Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Firestone
France	"For a Grand Cru from Vosne-Romanée, this is a wine on the light side, its tannins soft and dominated by new-wood flavors. That said, it is still a fine wine, packed with ripe fruit and fresh acidity. The structure floats over the fruit; a few months and it may fatten out."		91	350	Burgundy	Romanée-St.-Vivant		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2008  Romanée-St.-Vivant	Pinot Noir	Louis Latour
US	"This Rhône red puts lots of toasty goodness around light fruit from a blend of Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre and Counoise grapes. Soft and generous, it starts with watermelon and ends with black cherries, all coated with mocha and cinnamon. What's not to like?"	Heartwood	88	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Buried Cane 2008 Heartwood Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rhône-style Red Blend	Buried Cane
US	"The winery actually released this wine after the 2007, no doubt to give it the extra bottle age needed. Nonetheless, it's still quite tannic, bringing to mind an older style of Howell Mountain Cabernet. It's refreshing to have an ageable alternative to the soft, sweet modern style. Rich in mountain blackberries and sweet currants, this wine should develop over the next decade."	Blue Hall Vineyard	94	59	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Camiana 2006 Blue Hall Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Camiana
US	"This vineyard has been source to some of the winery's greatest bottlings. The wine is enormously fruity, with raspberry, cherry and red-plum flavors that flood the palate. But it's no mere fruit bomb, offering the most wonderful tannin-acid structure and a dryness that keeps the wine stimulating through a long, spicy finish. Drinkable now, but also cellar worthy through 2018, at least."	Klopp Ranch	95	57	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Merry Edwards 2010 Klopp Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
US	"This Pinot certainly has lots of concentrated fruit, with an intensity of cherry and raspberry jam, pomegranates and cola. It's also well oaked, to judge from the strong layer of buttered cinnamon toast. Feels strong and indelicate now, with a punch of acidity, but could mellow over the next 2–3 years."	River Road Ranch	88	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Trione 2008 River Road Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Trione
US	"B.R. Cohn's more widely made Cab, this wine is sourced from multiple vineyards in Sonoma, Mendocino and Lake counties. Exhibiting currant, cranberry and mint on the nose and palate, it's restrained in texture, quite linear, with a quick, robust finish."	Silver Label	87	20	California	North Coast	North Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	B.R. Cohn 2011 Silver Label Cabernet Sauvignon (North Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	B.R. Cohn
US	"Merges Ojai's leaner, more elegant style of winemaking with the rich pedigree of this fine vineyard to produce a dry, complex and food-friendly wine. It's zesty in acidity, with intricate flavors of cherries, cola, minerals and dried herbs. Should do interesting things over the next six years. Give it a good decant after opening the bottle."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	92	38	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Ojai 2007 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ojai
US	"Lush, rich, beguiling now. Tastes fat and unctuous, like a Pomerol despite being made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, offering a creamy wealth of cherries, currants, chocolate, anise, herbs, spices and smoky oak. For all the flamboyance, it's bone dry, with classically solid Napa tannins, courtesy of fruit from Oakville and Howell Mountain. Should develop in the bottle through 2018."	J. Daniel Cuvée	95	125	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Lail 2006 J. Daniel Cuvée Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lail
Portugal	"This impressive wine, packed with both fruit and tannins, is just setting out on a long road of aging. It is rich, dense with dry fruit and wood tannins, and buttressed with dark black fruits layered with acidity. The wine, with its ripe fruit and firm structure, needs time. Drink from 2018."	Conceito	93	80	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Conceito Vinhos 2013 Conceito Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Conceito Vinhos
France	"A closed nose leads to a gently concentrated palate of tart aromatic red-cherry fruit pervaded by conifer notes. Very finely structured tannins create a texture of starched crackling silk while darker cherry notes lurk in the background and are met with juicy freshness. This is aromatic, elegant and long."	Quintessence	90	38	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Charles Frey 2014 Quintessence Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Charles Frey
France	"This is a soft, ripe wine, with juicy acidity to keep it fresh. Flavors of lemon, tangy spice and baked apples are balanced by the taut texture of this still-young wine. Drink from 2017."	Clos de la Chaise Dieu	89	50	Burgundy	Bourgogne Hautes Côtes de Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Santenay 2013 Clos de la Chaise Dieu  (Bourgogne Hautes Côtes de Beaune)	Chardonnay	Château de Santenay
US	"This wine's name translates to “dear father” in Farsi, the Persian owner's native tongue.The blend of 63% Shiraz and 37% Petite Sirah offers black fruit, wet earth and anise on the nose—altogether quite reserved for such a dark wine. The mouthfeel is full, but the flavors of black currant and cola are very shy."	Baba Joon	86	35	California	California	California Other	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fazeli Cellars 2014 Baba Joon Red (California)	Red Blend	Fazeli Cellars
US	"For some reason, the winery held the '06 back later than the 2007. Maybe because it was so tannic. Still is, with a biting, palate-shutting astringency made harder by the wine's extreme dryness. But there's a place for tannic, dry Syrahs, and this is a very good one, with precisely measured oak framing deep, impressive blackberry, leather and black pepper flavors."	Three Coins Betsy's Vineyard	91	28	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Lawer 2006 Three Coins Betsy's Vineyard Syrah (Sonoma County)	Syrah	Lawer
France	"This earthy Chardonnay from a limestone plot has more to do with texture and tight acidity than fruit. It presents a sharp, too-crisp edge."	La Réserve d'Amélie	82	18	Beaujolais	Beaujolais-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Gérard Charvet 2014 La Réserve d'Amélie  (Beaujolais-Villages)	Chardonnay	Gérard Charvet
US	"As soon as you unscrew the top on this 100% Syrah blush wine, the aromas of raspberries and strawberries release into the air, like incense. Those fruits follow through in the taste, turning jammy, heavy and sweet. The alcohol is a heady 14.9% by volume."	Roseum Huerhuero	84	13	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Vina Robles 2012 Roseum Huerhuero Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	Vina Robles
US	"This wine puts jammy aromas, very ripe flavors, full body and deep, dark fruit flavors on a broad, soft texture."	Melange d'Amis Reserve	87	55	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cuda Ridge Wines 2013 Melange d'Amis Reserve Red (Livermore Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cuda Ridge Wines
US	"Abundant dark fruit flavors, particularly Bing cherry, give this full-bodied wine lots to like. Light touches of spicy oak, moderate, grippy tannins and a generous mouthfeel all add to its considerable appeal."		91	39	California	Red Hills Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sol Rouge 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Hills Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sol Rouge
US	"This winery is at the extreme edge of the pick-early, low-alcohol movement, which can make the wines challenging for the usual California Pinot fan. But this Pinot begins on familar territory, with heady aromas of dried violet and scarlet rose, damp forest floor, and cinnamon-laced cranberry sauce, managing to be both brisk and funky. The flavors are light and tart, but will pick up more savory characteristics from 2018–2024."	Bloom's Field	93	70	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Domaine de la Cote 2012 Bloom's Field Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Domaine de la Cote
Germany	"Pretty standard dry Riesling but done well, marrying bold fruit aromas of apple, pear and melon with undercurrents of spice and minerality. It's medium-bodied, harmonious and shows excellent persistence on the finish."	X-treme	88	22	Pfalz			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Leo 2007 X-treme Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Leo
Italy	"Toasted oak, roasted coffee bean, dill and espresso aromas lead the nose on this Tuscan red. On the palate, notes of exotic spice accent the core of dried black cherry alongside drying but fleeting tannins. It lacks fruit richness and is shy on freshness so drink sooner rather than later."	Crano	86	31	Tuscany	Cortona		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Baldetti Alfonso 2011 Crano Syrah (Cortona)	Syrah	Baldetti Alfonso
US	"More tannic than in previous vintages, and not as immediately rich, this Cab-dominated Bordeaux blend will benefit from decanting. It needs some air to open up and reveal its heart of cassis. Will develop with six or so years of aging, but doesn't seem like a longterm cellar candidate."		89	75	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			J. Davies 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	J. Davies
Italy	"Aromas of mature black fruit, tobacco, allspice and mocha unfold in the glass along with a note of tilled earth. The opulent palate offers blackberry extract, dried plum, licorice and chocolate while velvety tannins provide support and give it a smooth texture. Drink through 2019."	Bramasole	91	53	Tuscany	Cortona		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Braccesca 2009 Bramasole Syrah (Cortona)	Syrah	La Braccesca
US	"Oak dominates this Chardonnay, with buttered toast and butterscotch notes offering an immediate impact. Underneath the oak tones are very rich, opulent flavors of pineapple and orange jam and lime tart. It's a bit jumbled now, but this may be a Chardonnay that can take some cellaring. Give it 3–4 years."		93	75	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Carte Blanche 2009 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Carte Blanche
US	"There's something about this wine that strongly suggests it will improve in the cellar after a good bit of aging. As it is, it's dry, smooth, tannic and intense, with concentrated blackberry and black currant flavors, and a buttered toast note from aging in oak. It's completely delicious, but if you can keep from popping the cork, it should reward after 2015."	Extended Elevage	93	50	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Topel 2007 Extended Elevage Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Topel
US	"This wine, from a label named after one of the state's wine pioneers, is Chardonnay in the traditional California style—done exceedingly well. Aromas of caramelized apples and butterscotch lead into a palate full of apple flesh, vanilla custard and sea salt, yet with enough pithy acidity to keep the mouth watering."	Reserve	92	40	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Martin Ray 2013 Reserve Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Martin Ray
Australia	"Hints of lemon curd and struck flint emerge from they lass, while the palate reveals flavors of apple, pear and citrus. With its pared-back flavors and restrained nature, this medium-bodied Chardonnay should prove versatile at the table. Drink now–2016."		88	25	South Australia	Eden Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Heggies Vineyard 2011 Chardonnay (Eden Valley)	Chardonnay	Heggies Vineyard
Germany	"Pleasantly plump and custardy in texture, this complex, mouthfilling wine offers a whirl of aromas and flavors, ranging from fresh asphalt to lime custard and green apple. By the finish, any objectionable notes have vanished, leaving a clean, lingering finish beaming with elegance. Consider decanting if drinking in the near future, or simply hold 3–5 years before sampling."	Bockenauer Felseneck Spätlese	90	33	Nahe			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Schäfer-Fröhlich 2005 Bockenauer Felseneck Spätlese Riesling (Nahe)	Riesling	Schäfer-Fröhlich
US	"Spicy, oaky and rich in flavor and texture, this wine tastes of vanilla, butter and ripe red cherries upon first sip, feels soft and easy on the palate. As it opens, more fruit and oaky spice flavors emerge, while firm tannins give it grip."	Costa Vineyard	90	45	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Lula 2013 Costa Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mendocino)	Pinot Noir	Lula
France	"With black currant fruits dominant, this is an inherently fruity wine. The juicy feel makes the wine seem light, not yet quite connecting between fruit and a very dry tannic texture. Give it until 2016."		85	13	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château des Lattes 2011  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château des Lattes
US	"This comes from a popular vineyard in the Los Alamos Valley, and offers nose-tingling aromas of black pepper, tar and a slightly sour take on purple fruit. It's not as exciting as some of the winery's other wines, but still serves as a solid take on the grape, mixing ripe fruit, crushed herbs and brown spice."	Thompson Vineyard	88	50	California	Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Jaffurs 2012 Thompson Vineyard Syrah (Santa Barbara)	Syrah	Jaffurs
Italy	"Ripe plum, blue flower and an earthy whiff of truffle lead the nose, while the juicy palate offers black cherry and clove flavors with a hint of game. Chewy tannins provide the framework."		90	32	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Calonica 2013  Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Red Blend	La Calonica
France	"This is a structured, full-bodied wine that has solid tannins and concentrated fruitiness. It is packed with red-berry flavors, ripe tannins and spice from the wood aging. The wine will take time to develop. Drink from 2022."	Les Lavières Premier Cru	92	36	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Seguin-Manuel 2015 Les Lavières Premier Cru  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Seguin-Manuel
Spain	"Forced oak and modest red-fruit aromas are good enough to draw you in. This feels snappy, with cheek-puckering acidity. Tart red-fruit flavors of plum and currant are woody but honest, while the wine's initial forced oak character settles down on the finish."	Varietales	86	11	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Baron De Ley 2014 Varietales  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Baron De Ley
US	A soft texture and slight sweetness make this deep-pink-colored wine easy on the palate. It has lots of fresh melon and raspberry flavors.		86	10	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	The Archivist 2015 Rosé (Lodi)	Rosé	The Archivist
France	This unoaked wine made from low-yield vines has great minerality and a tight texture. It is packed with acidity as well as citrus fruits. The mineral edge gives the wine tightness and also brings out apples and tangy acidity. Drink from 2017.		88	21	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2014  Saint-Véran	Chardonnay	Joseph Drouhin
US	"Everything about this Syrah works. It's dry, crisp in acidity, elegantly tannic and, above all, superbly drinkable, with subtle but powerful cherry, currant, cola, bacon and sandalwood flavors. Feels delicious and important, with a bit more weight than a Pinot Noir."	Estate Grown	92	48	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Zotovich Cellars 2010 Estate Grown Syrah (Sta. Rita Hills)	Syrah	Zotovich Cellars
Germany	"Hugely ripe, with 14.5% alcohol and a touch of residual sweetness, but also a richly textured mouthfeel and layers of honey, apricot preserves, slate-driven minerality and spice. It may be a bit precariously balanced, so opt for drinking it over the near term."	Rüedesheim Berg Rottland Erstes Gewächs	92	44	Rheingau			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Johannishof 2006 Rüedesheim Berg Rottland Erstes Gewächs Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Johannishof
US	"There's no oak on this simple Sauvignon Blanc. It's made in a softer style, which makes the apricot, orange and lime flavors taste riper than they really are."		84	10	California	California	California Other			Tin Roof 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tin Roof
Austria	"Lifted lemon purity, cushioned by riper stone fruit, especially yellow plum and greengage, makes this a complete and super-refreshing, fruity number."	Von den Terrassen	90	25	Kremstal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Sepp Moser 2013 Von den Terrassen Riesling (Kremstal)	Riesling	Sepp Moser
Spain	"Oaky aromas suggest sandalwood along with plum and blackberry. This feels lively but also tight and gripping, something that a few years on its side should tame. Ripe black-fruit flavors are savory on the backside. It is firmly structured, with a meaty flavor on the finish. Drink through 2026."	Gaudium Gran Vino	92	45	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Cáceres 2011 Gaudium Gran Vino  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Marqués de Cáceres
US	"This Pinot, one of a few that hail from Carmel Valley, combines instant drinkability with a certain complexity. The wine is softly approachable in ripe raspberry purée, cherry pie filling, cola and anise flavors, wrapped into a delightfully silky texture. Drink now."	Ingrid's Vineyard	90	80	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast			Bernardus 2006 Ingrid's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Carmel Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
Chile	"Green bean and lettuce aromas run the tight, green nose straight into a lip-smacking, acidic palate with tart apple and green citrus flavors, i.e. lime. Crisp and acidic on the finish, with a minerally feel."		84	12	Limarí Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Tabalí 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Limarí Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Viña Tabalí
Germany	"Buoyantly tropical, this fragrant Riesling and Müller-Thurgau blend bursts from the glass with sweet, succulent mango, pineapple and melon flavors. Off dry in style, it's concentrated and juicy yet elegantly structured. The finish is full of kick and liveliness. Drink now through 2017."	Piesporter Michelsberg	89	10	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Karl Josef 2014 Piesporter Michelsberg White (Mosel)	White Blend	Karl Josef
US	"A proprietary Cab/Pinot/Nebbiolo blend. Flavors are light and the tannins are tough: a grapey, cherry-candy start that finishes with serious toast and tannin. The mid-palate simply isn't there, and can't support the thick, tannic finish."	Mescolare Red Wine	84	18	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Weisinger's of Ashland NV Mescolare Red Wine Red (Oregon)	Red Blend	Weisinger's of Ashland
US	"Spicy, smoky new oak leaps out of the glass, like a blast of caramelized meringue, but the fruit is so rich that the oak is in balance. The underlying flavors of blackberries, licorice and chocolate are, in a word, delicious. Now through 2011."	Estate Grown	92	65	California	Rutherford	Napa			Provenance Vineyards 2005 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Provenance Vineyards
France	Red fruits and soft tannins give this rounded wine a generous feel. It has spice and rich berry fruits that are lifted with a touch of acidity. Drink this attractive wine from 2018.	Cuvée Carpe Diem	87	21	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Seguin 2014 Cuvée Carpe Diem  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Seguin
US	"This is a sleek, crisp and streamlined first offering from the young appellation's newest vineyard, which overlooks nearby Lake Cachuma. Fresh and bright lime sorbet aromas lead to peppery verve on the palate, with flavors of white pepper, cut grass, sour lime skins and apple peels."		90	36	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Grimm's Bluff 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Grimm's Bluff
US	"From the Nunes Vineyard, this robust red is concentrated in black cherry, tar and cinnamon spice, full bodied from having been cradled in French oak, 20% of it new. The acidity and body are both medium level, while the ripeness is high."	Black Label	88	59	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Roadhouse Winery 2014 Black Label Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Roadhouse Winery
France	"Citric tartness dominates nose and palate, making for a spritzy, lime-flavored fizz with frothy bubbles. The dry palate is light yet fruity, making this fun, easy-drinking and refreshing."		89	30	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Gustave Lorentz NV Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Gustave Lorentz
Canada	"From a vintage that pushes the fruit out in front, this is loaded with tart, tangy blackberry, boysenberry and huckleberry flavors. At first stiff and compact, it blooms open to reveal streaks of sandalwood, sassafras, iron filings and clean earth. It's a high-wire wine with aging potential at least until 2030."	Equinoxe	93	85	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Le Vieux Pin 2012 Equinoxe Syrah (Okanagan Valley)	Syrah	Le Vieux Pin
US	"The dried tobacco, vanilla, green olive and cocoa aromas seem somewhat unusual for the variety and vintage. The chocolate and cherry flavors are creamy in feel, displaying a good sense of balance and length."	XVIII	89	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dunham 2012 XVIII Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dunham
France	"This complex, spicy and fruity wine is big, with attractive acidity. It is piled with berry fruits that give a rich character. The fruits are supported by well-judged wood. This full-bodied wine will develop well; drink from 2017."		90	14	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Verrière 2012  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Verrière
France	"So intense and concentrated, this wine epitomizes the essence of Riesling. Steely, tight, very nervy and bone dry, it is packed with flavors of citrus, orange zest, grapefruit and green apple skins. The texture of this young wine is beautifully crisp. Drink from 2016."	Clos Saint-Landelin Vorbourg Grand Cru	94	50	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	René Muré 2010 Clos Saint-Landelin Vorbourg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	René Muré
US	"Rich and multi-layered, the wine smells like lemon and cream, while tastes recall marzipan, lemon and pear. It feels luxurious in texture and has a tasty, lingering finish. While full bodied, it doesn't get as heavy as the flavors might suggest and shows good balance."		90	18	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Paul Dolan 2013 Chardonnay (Mendocino County)	Chardonnay	Paul Dolan
US	"Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon take the lead on this Bordeaux-style blend that brings overt notes of vanilla, coconut and dark fruit, with the barrel notes riding high. It's full bodied and rich with the oak overtaking the varietal flavors but still offering appeal."	Homesteader	88	40	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Henry Earl 2010 Homesteader Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Henry Earl
US	"This wine is a blend of Merlot (58%), Cabernet Sauvignon (36%), Cabernet Franc (5%) and Petit Verdot. Vibrant aromas of cherry meats, raspberry, dried herb and barrel spice are followed by a fruit-forward flavorful palate backed by firm tannins. It has a high yum factor."	D2	93	48	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	DeLille 2014 D2 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	DeLille
Chile	"From the start, this is a heavily roasted and fully oaked wine. The nose is charred and cooked, with black-fruit aromas lurking below the surface. The mouth is drying and shows black-fruit flavors along with burnt meat, licorice, lemon peel and herbs."	Reina Ana	85	12	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aguirre 2010 Reina Ana Cabernet Sauvignon (Maule Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Aguirre
France	"This attractive, herbal wine has intense fruitiness but misses any sense of place. It has appealing white currant and grapefruit flavors and a tight finish of acidity. Drink now."		85	25	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rémy-Pannier 2015  Sancerre	Sauvignon Blanc	Rémy-Pannier
Canada	"A lush fruit bowl of a wine, this brings delicious flavors of melon, peach, apple and pear, along with a buttery finish. There are some pleasing spicy highlights, and a residual smack of butterscotch invites the next sip."		90	19	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tinhorn Creek 2013 Pinot Gris (Okanagan Valley)	Pinot Gris	Tinhorn Creek
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, this vibrant red has alluring aromas of plum, blackberry, purple flower, espresso and a whiff of exotic spice. The elegant, structured palate delivers black cherry, black currant, pipe tobacco, vanilla and licorice alongside fresh acidity while firm, fine grained tannins lend a polished texture. Drink 2018–2028."	Summus	93	75	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello Banfi 2013 Summus Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castello Banfi
Austria	"Sumptuous red cherry, wrapped in velvety structure, presents a ripe and rounded Pinot Noir with earthy, autumnal edges. It offers lovely balance and constant glimpses of red fruit, oaky spice and soft yet crunchy midpalate mouthfeel. This will benefit from holding 2016–2017 in bottle."	Reserve	92	21	Carnuntum			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Markowitsch 2012 Reserve Pinot Noir (Carnuntum)	Pinot Noir	Markowitsch
US	"From one of the preeminent Chardonnay producers in the country comes their least expensive yet perhaps most stunning bottling, showing strong lemon rind, sea salt, Gravenstein apple and a floral touch of honeysuckle on the nose. The wondrously zippy and saline palate is framed by a grippy, grapefruit-rind-led tension, but opens just enough to allow the slightest hints of lemon curd and delicate marzipan warmth."		95	35	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Thomas Fogarty 2013 Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Thomas Fogarty
US	"Appeals for its creamy texture and fresh, complex flavors of apples, nectarines, pineapples and apricots, finished with dusty Asian spices. Mainly Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc."	Interchange	86	16	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Hayman & Hill 2007 Interchange White (Santa Barbara County)	White Blend	Hayman & Hill
France	"This medium-bodied blend of Grenache (70%), Syrah (25%) and Mourvèdre (5%) is aged in large oak vats. Leather and spice notes accent modest cherry fruit, then fold in touches of black olive and mocha on the slightly dusty finish. Drink now–2017."	Héritages Élevé en Foudres de Chêne	88	16	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ogier 2012 Héritages Élevé en Foudres de Chêne Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Ogier
US	"Made from the winery's little vineyard on Atlas Peak, this 100% Cabernet needs time to come around. It doesn't show the voluptuous approachability of the 2005 or the 2007, which will be released next year. It's fairly acidic and tannic. But there's a luscious core of blackberries and black currants. Try after 2012; it might be a very long-lived wine."		90	195	California	Napa Valley	Napa			M by Michael Mondavi 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	M by Michael Mondavi
France	"With considerable spicy, smoky wood, this is a rich, while extracted, wine. It does have some juicy fruit that shows potential so it should soften and become less bitter. Drink from 2017."		85	20	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château l'Argenteyre 2011  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château l'Argenteyre
Italy	"Very dry and dusty, this blend of Carricante and Catarratto does a great job of showing the volcanic characteristics of Mt. Etna. There is fruit in the form of citrus, pear and melon, and the wine presents a tangy grapefruit finish, with a pretty mineral nuance as well."	Etna Bianco	90	28	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna				Cottanera 2011 Etna Bianco  (Etna)	White Blend	Cottanera
Italy	"Scented with iris, violet, rose, perfumed berry and a balsamic note, this shows remarkable balance and finesse for such a scalding vintage. The juicy palate delivers crushed black cherry, black raspberry, chopped mint and anise wrapped in polished tannins. It's already delicious but will be even better in another year or two. Drink 2017–2023."		95	290	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio di Sotto 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Poggio di Sotto
Australia	"A blend of Grenache, Shiraz and Mourvèdre, this is much more firmly tannic and structured than most such Australian blends. Grilled meat, red plum, black tea and rose hip notes are crisp and firm on the palate. Drink 2015–2023, and possibly beyond that."	The Ironstone Pressings	92	65	South Australia	McLaren Vale		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	D'Arenberg 2009 The Ironstone Pressings Red (McLaren Vale)	Red Blend	D'Arenberg
South Africa	"An alluring nose of mint, mocha and blackberry leads into like flavors in this elegant, mouthwatering red blend from Zelma Long. Lush and unfolding, the wine offers ripe tannins and a long finish. Overall, balanced and confident."	Series C	90	72	Paarl			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Vilafonté 2005 Series C Red (Paarl)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Vilafonté
France	"This ripe creamy wine has sliced apple aromas and a smooth rich palate. The wine has apple and pear flavors, generous fruit along with a tang of acidity. A full mousse adds to the general feeling of richness. Drink now."	Blanc de Blancs Réserve Brut	88	58	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean Laurent NV Blanc de Blancs Réserve Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Jean Laurent
US	"Shows the complexity of Talley's single vineyard Chards, with vibrant acidity accompanying tangerine, orange, lime and mineral flavors, enhanced with sweet smoky oak. Brilliant acidity makes it compelling."	Estate	91	26	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Talley 2009 Estate Chardonnay (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
Israel	"Aromas of blueberry, cherry and anise yield on the palate to flavors of cherry, blackberry, eucalyptus and black pepper. Smooth tannins appear early on and endure into a pleasing finish that is interspersed with bright and spicy notes."	Reserve	90	40	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Bazelet HaGolan 2011 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bazelet HaGolan
US	"Why yes this is mountain Zin with a lot of Dr. Pepper, sarsaparilla happening aromatically and then a mouthful of thick, savory, herbal, raspberry jam with soft tannins and a just-right note of earthiness too."	Old Vine 1867	89	28	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Deaver 2008 Old Vine 1867 Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Deaver
Portugal	"This is a ripe, smooth, gently tannic wine. It is dominated by rich red berry fruits, black plum skins that are balanced by a light layer of wood aging that adds some spice. It is sophisticated, structured and ready to age for a few years. Drink from 2017."	Clavis Aurea Reserva	89	18	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Casal Monteiro 2012 Clavis Aurea Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Casal Monteiro
Germany	"The Dürkheimer Michelsberg bottling maintains the richness of texture and body of many of Pflüger's dry Rieslings. It's concentrated in apple and pear flavors, but zestier acidity and an herbal freshness lend a leaner, edgier feel. Drink now through 2019."	Dürkheimer Michelsberg Trocken	89	26	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Pflüger 2014 Dürkheimer Michelsberg Trocken Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Pflüger
Spain	"Berry and plum aromas are rustic and stalky. Snappy and a bit sharp in feel, this shows leathery, roasted cherry and berry flavors in front of a short finish with black cherry notes."		86	8	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Venta Morales 2013 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Venta Morales
Italy	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah, this vibrant wine conveys aromas of black currant, red berry and cooking spice. The savory palate offers black cherry and ground pepper alongside relaxed tannins. Drink through 2016."	Borgeri	88	28	Tuscany	Bolgheri		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Giorgio Meletti Cavallari 2013 Borgeri  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Giorgio Meletti Cavallari
US	"A solid everyday Pinot, this is dry, tart in acidity and silky in texture, with cranberry and pomegranate flavors."		85	20	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Garnet 2010 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Garnet
Australia	"This blended red brings in four of the five Bordeaux varieties (61% Cabernet Sauvignon, 27% Merlot, 8% Cabernet Franc, 4% Petit Verdot). Some prominent mint notes may limit its appeal, but it's otherwise a classic example of the genre, accenting cassis fruit with hints of vanilla and cedar. Despite the ample alcohol and a bit of warmth, there's also some austerity and firmness to the tannins. Drink 2018–2025."	Jim's Script	89	25	South Australia	McLaren Vale		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Fox Creek 2013 Jim's Script Red (McLaren Vale)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Fox Creek
US	"Firm and polished, this barrel-fermented wine is just rounded off enough, without damping the bright, almost crunchy fruit. There's a light touch of toast and the structure for further bottle age to improve it. Drink 2017–2025."	Estate	90	28	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bethel Heights 2013 Estate Chardonnay (Eola-Amity Hills)	Chardonnay	Bethel Heights
US	"Vivacious and juicy blackberry flavors are spiced by cola and root beer on the nose of this annual fund-raising bottling by Raymond Smith, and it also shows a touch of chalk on the nose. River stones and gravel minerality are present on the sip, with fresh black plum, more blackberry and dried mint rounding it out."	Philanthropist	89	21	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Indigené 2014 Philanthropist Red (Carmel Valley)	Red Blend	Indigené
US	"The oak (40% new Hungarian and American) brings a sense of spiciness to the aromas, which also display notes of dill and plum. Flavors show weight and intensity, with citric acidity drawing out the finish."		88	38	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cave B 2012 Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Cave B
France	"This is very light, in both flavor and body. The aromas are earthy, with a faint suggestion of blackberries, and the mouthfeel is thin. These aren't terrible flaws, but the wine just lacks substance."		81	17	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château Maine-Gazin 1997  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Maine-Gazin
Argentina	"Despite having several years in bottle, this Malbec opens with a huge blast of charred oak, shoe polish, lemon peel and rooty berry aromas. The palate is clipped and linear in feel, while flavors of coconut, vanilla and generic berry finish with lasting coconut and unsettled oak."	Amadores	88	23	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Palo Alto 2008 Amadores Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Palo Alto
Argentina	"Dry, peppery field notes and the scent of lanolin set up a plump palate with briny nectarine and salty mango flavors. A round finish holds onto this salty, tropical character."		84	19	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ruca Malen 2016 Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Ruca Malen
Portugal	"This is a broad, earthy wine showing black fruits and a rich aftertaste. It has spice, juicy acidity and tannins in the background. The fruit is verging on overripe, giving a jammy aftertaste."	Alves Vieira	84	12	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Espaço Rural 2014 Alves Vieira Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Espaço Rural
Germany	"Bold and concentrated yet not at all blousy, this full-figured dry Riesling showcases ripe, luscious stone fruit and tropical-fruit flavors anchored by a throbbing vein of minerality. It's rich and silken in texture, vibrantly high toned in acidity and penetrates through a long, lime-scented finish. Drink now through 2030."	Kirchenstück GG	94	49	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Domdechant Werner 2015 Kirchenstück GG Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Domdechant Werner
US	"Big, rowdy flavors like rhubarb and black cherries seem to fill this medium-bodied wine to the rim. Made from an unusual clone smuggled into the U.S. and whole cluster fermentation, it has richness, moderate tannins, and a broad mouthfeel, with little oak flavor showing through."	Suitcase 828 Estate	88	45	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Balo 2014 Suitcase 828 Estate Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Balo
US	"Outstanding concentration rides an impressive structure in this huge but well-balanced wine. Freshly picked blackberries and raspberries meet hints of chocolate, baking spices and black pepper while vivid tannins and firm acidity lift up all those flavors and carry them to a lingering finish. Compelling to drink now, it's also built to age well. Best after 2020."	Jewel Collection Series Estate Reserve	93	50	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Ruby Hill Winery 2013 Jewel Collection Series Estate Reserve Zinfandel (Livermore Valley)	Zinfandel	Ruby Hill Winery
Germany	"This summery Riesling wafts of ripe yellow cherries and blossoms. Dry in style with a rich, rounded mouthfeel, it's deeply concentrated with stone fruit flavors accented by hints of waxy lemon and lime skin. It's delicious now for its fragrant, fruity exuberance, but likely to develop its waxy, mineral complexities through 2019–2021."	Trabener Würzgarten Schiefer Tocken	91	35	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Villa Huesgen 2012 Trabener Würzgarten Schiefer Tocken Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Villa Huesgen
France	"Big on tannins and equally big on ripe fruit, this is a rich wine. Its dense texture and bold blackberry flavors are coming together well. Drink from 2021."	Tradition	90	13	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Les Petits Arnaud 2015 Tradition  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Les Petits Arnaud
US	"This light, elegant wine is perfumed like a rose garden, joined by lavender and dried herb. Its light take is supported by integrated tannin and a lurking tease of smoky meat and toasted oak that adds savoriness to its ethereal character."	Camp Meeting Ridge	90	90	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Flowers 2014 Camp Meeting Ridge Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Flowers
US	"This is the Gainey family's annual statement on how Bordeaux varieties can excel in the Santa Ynez Valley, and this blend of 86% Cabernet Sauvignon, 12% Petit Verdot and 2% Merlot is a marvelous argument. Aromas of pepper, pencil shavings, oregano, dill, elderberries, black currant and dried blueberries lead into an expertly integrated palate where black fruit is nuanced by cedar, dried oregano, crushed gravel and peppery spice."	Patrick's Vineyard Selection	95	60	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Gainey 2012 Patrick's Vineyard Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Ynez Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gainey
US	"With 50% new oak aging, the wood stands out now, showing caramelized and buttered toast flavors. Under that is a dry, tannic wine, filled with raspberries, cherries and spicy pomegranates. Complex and pedigreed, it wants some time in the cellar. Better after 2014."	La Encantada Vineyard	92	56	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Foxen 2009 La Encantada Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
France	"There are not many village wines made in Vougeot with the large areas devoted to Premier and Grand Cru. This wine has reminiscences of the structure of those top wines although it is delicious in its fragrant strawberries, full and with just the right amount of acidity. The fruit comes from the Clos du Château. Drink from 2018."		92	85	Burgundy	Vougeot		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Alex Gambal 2013  Vougeot	Pinot Noir	Alex Gambal
US	"Strong , complex aromas, with notes of tropical fruit and coconut. In the mouth, it's oaky and spicy, with penetrating, bright, effusive flavors that you might go so far as to call racy. The alcohol content is high and it drinks a little soft, but this is a very seductive wine. A crowd-pleaser, for sure."	Ruxton Vineyard	89	27	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Fritz 1998 Ruxton Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Fritz
France	"This wood-aged and structured wine is concentrated and dense. It comes from the Premier Cru vineyard just to the west of the village. With generous tannins and juicy ripe red fruits, the wine is broad and going to be rich. Drink from 2023."	Les Platières Premier Cru	93	100	Burgundy	Pommard		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Arnaud Baillot 2015 Les Platières Premier Cru  (Pommard)	Pinot Noir	Arnaud Baillot
US	"Bold and brawny, this voluptuous red floods the palate with ruddy, ripe flavors of black cherries and plums. It's plush and fleshy in mouthfeel, but its juicy, rich demeanor is intoxicating. A dusty mineral tone lends elegance to the finish."	Campania Rosso	89	40	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Waters Crest 2010 Campania Rosso Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Waters Crest
US	"A juicy wine, rich, ripe and sweet in jammy fruit and caramelized oak flavors. Black raspberries, blackberries and mocha, spiced with cinnamon and pepper, flood the mouth, wrapped into beautifully sculpted, sweet tannins. A lovely wine to drink now. The wine is mainly Syrah, with 5% Cabernet Sauvignon."	Darwin	92	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Hall 2007 Darwin Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Hall
France	"This is turning into a ripe and fruity wine. The tannins are integrating easily into the black currant flavors. Soon the dry core will open out, supporting the fruit taste. The blend is 50% Merlot, 40% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc. Drink from late 2016."	Château les Tuilleries	85	18	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	VIgnobles Roux 2014 Château les Tuilleries  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	VIgnobles Roux
France	"This is a perfumed, fragrant wine. Its acidity is offset by the red berry and currant fruits that add freshness to the dry, crisp character. It's a full wine, with good fruit depth and ripe flavors, and will be better with food. Drink now."	Les Villots	87	24	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean Reverdy et Fils 2014 Les Villots Rosé (Sancerre)	Rosé	Jean Reverdy et Fils
US	"Hot and harsh, with semi-sweet flavors of black currants, chocolate and pepper. Drink this rustic wine with barbecue."		83	15	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills			Perry Creek 2006 Syrah (El Dorado)	Syrah	Perry Creek
Italy	"Light, bright and crisp, this ruby-colored Chianti would pair with simple pasta dishes or take-out pizza. It's a thin, compact wine with a fresh berry close."		84	13	Tuscany	Chianti				Bellini 2009  Chianti	Sangiovese	Bellini
US	"This Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blend includes smaller percentages of Malbec, Merlot and Petit Verdot. Together they are a velvety thick and rich exploration of berry-patch flavors and smoky oak founded on a floor of soft tannin."	Our Tribute	88	62	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	The Calling 2012 Our Tribute Red (Alexander Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	The Calling
France	"With its silex soil, this vineyard is able to produce a distinctly mineral wine. This is crisp, tightly woven with acidity and herbal characteristics. That is balanced by the refreshing lemon and grapefruit flavors. Drink now."	Domaine Roc de Châteauvieux	85	13	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pierre Chainier 2016 Domaine Roc de Châteauvieux Sauvignon Blanc (Touraine)	Sauvignon Blanc	Pierre Chainier
US	"While this doesn't quite rival the great 2007, it is superior to the 2008. Rich, concentrated and structured, this has forward black-cherry, chocolate, anise and sandalwood flavors that are wrapped in firm but smooth, supple tannins. It should develop in the bottle over the next six years, but it can also be consumed now."	Reserve	91	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Rutherford Hill 2009 Reserve Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Rutherford Hill
Australia	"Somewhat weedy on the nose; then shows a lot of overripe cherries on the palate, along with baking spices like clove and cinnamon. Soft and pleasantly chewy."		86	24	Western Australia	Western Australia				Sandalford 2000 Merlot (Western Australia)	Merlot	Sandalford
US	"A savory nose of seared beef crust gets lift from violet and lavender florals, and then the wine coats the palate very softly, with luscious flavors of stewed cherry, ripe cranberry and more herb-crusted roast. A licorice-aided acidity cleans the mouth on the finish."	Fogstone Vineyard	93	61	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2012 Fogstone Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
Chile	"A touch neutral on the nose, but overall this is a nice, minerally, grassy SB with lots of green apple and freshness. The palate offers depth and clarity, and the flavors of green fruits are good. Falls off on the finish, which seems flat compared to the rest of the wine."		88	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Root:1 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Root:1
US	"Some hints of sweetness and a touch of minerality annotate this wine, which bursts with flavors of peaches and tangerines. It's dry enough to pair with most Riesling friendly fare, and in many ways the most accessible and fruit-forward of Trisaetum's eight Rieslings."	Ribbon Ridge	92	28	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2015 Ribbon Ridge Riesling (Ribbon Ridge)	Riesling	Trisaetum
US	"This well-balanced, medium-bodied wine blends ripe strawberry aromas and blackberry flavors with a lively texture that's bolstered by good acidity and firm tannins. It's easy to enjoy the fresh fruitiness."	Estate Bottled	88	27	California	Mendocino Ridge		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Greenwood Ridge 2012 Estate Bottled Merlot (Mendocino Ridge)	Merlot	Greenwood Ridge
US	"A huge advancement over the precious vintage, representing new decisions by the winery. It's a rich, easy-drinking wine, showing delightful lime, peach, melon and lemongrass flavors, brightened with crisp acidity."	The Fumé	87	13	California	North Coast	North Coast			Murphy-Goode 2009 The Fumé Sauvignon Blanc (North Coast)	Sauvignon Blanc	Murphy-Goode
France	"Cherries, dusty earth and faint herbal notes define the aromatic spectrum and flavor range of this supple wine. The blend is 60% Grenache, 35% Syrah, 5% Mourvèdre; drink it over the next few years."		88	13	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	L'Arène des Anges 2015 Red (Costières de Nîmes)	Rhône-style Red Blend	L'Arène des Anges
US	"The nose here offers a real mixed bag: some funk, a little perfume, worn leather, even pepperoni and peanuts. The mouth blends flavors of black fruit with peppery spice and herbs. It may be a touch linear and tight, but the basics are definitely there. Overall a very good wine."	Parks Vyd	90	37	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Bartholomew Park 1997 Parks Vyd Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bartholomew Park
France	"Fruity and rather soft, this already shows maturity. It's an attractive, red-fruited wine that's light and fragrant. Not for aging."		85	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Pey la Tour 2010  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Pey la Tour
Spain	"This five-grape blend is dark and concentrated, but also a touch soupy and mulchy. Interestingly, the palate shows snappy acidity along the edges, yielding crisp flavors of cherry, raspberry and spice. Finishes dry, herbal and spicy, but needs a boost of fruit to equal previous efforts."		88	27	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Coronado 2006 Red (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Red Blend	Finca Coronado
US	"Great structure marks this lush, young Pinot Noir. Crisp acidity and refined, firm tannins give it a solid framework, and the flavors are delicious. Shows pie-filling cherries, black raspberries, currants and mocha, with spicy cinnamon and anise. Will age for up to a decade."	Rochioli Vineyard	92	65	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Gary Farrell 2006 Rochioli Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Gary Farrell
Argentina	"A cool cherry aroma and a mild, creamy paste note open the nose. The feel is fiery and untamed, while full flavors of cherry and plum seem raw. A cocoa flavor and juicy feel define the finish."	Colección	84	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Los Maza 2010 Colección Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Finca Los Maza
US	"If almond Danish came in liquid form, this wine would be it. The aromas suggest vanilla, toasted almond and cream while the flavors are equally pastry-like, with a sweet touch. The texture is soft and smooth."	Estate Grown	86	15	California	Clarksburg	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	LangeTwins 2016 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Clarksburg)	Chardonnay	LangeTwins
US	"A light, straightforward and focused wine, 100% varietal, this offers cranberry, mushroom and a complexity of tannin and oak. High acidity dances around fresh layers of strawberry and raspberry on the palate, with a grippy, cinnamon-spiced finish."	Estate Grown	90	38	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cuvaison 2013 Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cuvaison
US	"Ryan Patrick's reserve is pure Cabernet Sauvignon, though not labeled as such. It's a barrel selection, and very well done, with a purity and density that is most expressive. The acids and youthfulness of the fruit flavors suggest that this is a wine with aging potential. For now, it's showing bright, tart, tangy red fruits and fine balance."	Reserve	90	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ryan Patrick 2006 Reserve Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Ryan Patrick
Italy	"Wild berry, mature black plum and orange zest aromas lead the nose on this brawny wine. The palate delivers black cherry, mushroom, black pepper, tobacco and licorice alongside big but rounded tannins. It's not an ager so enjoy soon."		88	39	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Sesti 2012  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Sesti
France	"This attractive, juicy wine is full of red fruit. It has strawberry and crisp red currant flavors as well as fine acidity. The result is a wine with good balance, richness, spice and tannins. Drink from 2019."	Cuvée Les Ormeaux	91	18	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos Puy Arnaud 2015 Cuvée Les Ormeaux  (Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Clos Puy Arnaud
US	"A smoky oak fire meets cooked meats and plum sauce on the nose of this wine, which retains great balance even at 16% alcohol. The mouthfeel is luxurious, complementing the cherry, red currant, licorice and black pepper flavors, wrapped around orange peel bitterness and well-integrated oak."		92	35	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Summerwood 2011 Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Summerwood
US	"Fermented and aged in stainless steel, this is a lightly aromatic Gris with red apple and apple blossom. It's full bodied with a touch of residual sugar and a zip of acidity. A light ale note makes it seem not entirely finished."		86	18	Oregon	Columbia Gorge (OR)	Oregon Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Wy'East Vineyards 2012 Pinot Gris (Columbia Gorge (OR))	Pinot Gris	Wy'East Vineyards
US	"Made from 85% Grenache and 15% Syrah, both from Kick Ranch Vineyard, this salmon-colored quaffer was fermented in concrete, and is hard to describe aromatically, taking its time to open. Dry, it tastes of watermelon and a hint of clove-like spice, remaining fresh on the palate and lightweight."		90	25	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kale 2014 Rosé (Sonoma County)	Rosé	Kale
New Zealand	"Smoke and custard notes accent scents of wet stone and citrus, while the palate delivers white peach, lime and vanilla flavors. This is plump and full in the mouth, yet still finishes with mouthwatering precision."	Coddington	92	45	Kumeu			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kumeu River 2012 Coddington Chardonnay (Kumeu)	Chardonnay	Kumeu River
US	"Soft and lightly oaky, this barrel-fermented wine has a lightly honeyed element, perhaps an indication of botrytis. The wine should be consumed young, as it is already showing signs of age in both color and mouthfeel."	Barrel Fermented	86	21	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Methven Family Vineyards 2011 Barrel Fermented Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Methven Family Vineyards
Italy	"This stunning wine opens with classic Nebbiolo aromas of underbrush, new leather, blue flower and dark berry along with a whiff of menthol. The radiant savory palate delivers juicy Marasca cherry, crushed raspberry, clove and star anise framed in noble tannins and bright acidity. It's tempting now but will continue to unwind and develop complexity for years to come. Drink 2023–2043."		95	77	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pio Cesare 2013  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Pio Cesare
US	"The reserve Chardonnay from Eola Hills gets an extra year in bottle, and it has a more elegant, vertical structure, with the fruit framed in toasty oak flavors and some tarragon spice. It's persistent as well; the flavors seem to gather strength in the midpalate and continue through a strong and moderately complex finish."	La Creole Reserve	88	15	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Eola Hills 2005 La Creole Reserve Chardonnay (Oregon)	Chardonnay	Eola Hills
US	"This is a good, if somewhat soft and simple wine, with blackberry, cola and oak flavors. Structurally lean, the palate longs for something to grip onto and doesn't find it."	Estate Grown	86	75	California	Calistoga	Napa			Homage 2009 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Calistoga)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Homage
Spain	"Roasted, leathery and rubbery berry aromas are gritty and short on brightness. This feels rugged but good. Jammy cassis and cherry flavors show notes of cocoa and herbs."	Hacienda Lopez de Haro	86	10	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Classica 2015 Hacienda Lopez de Haro  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodega Classica
US	"Tastes pretty sweet, with a sugar and honeysuckle richness. But the tangerine fruit flavor is deep and impressive, and the vanilla and buttered toast notes from oak are what consumers like."		86	15	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Bridlewood 2009 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Bridlewood
Austria	"Aromatic stone fruit swings in those lively citrus notes. There is a creamy apple flavor in the background, softening the bold lemon notes. This is pure and lifted, graceful and slender."	Seeberg Reserve	91	29	Kamptal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Steininger 2014 Seeberg Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Steininger
US	"A rich, lusty wine, dry and easy to like for its array of blackberry, cherry, anise and sandalwood flavors. Made from the traditional Bordeaux varieties, based on Cabernet Sauvignon, it really pleases the palate. Drink now."	Black Label Diamond Collection 1910 Type Claret	87	20	California	California	California Other			Francis Ford Coppola 2009 Black Label Diamond Collection 1910 Type Claret Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Francis Ford Coppola
US	"Intense aromas of day lilies, honey and spiced canned peaches abound in this not quite “dry” Riesling. The mouth feels a bit confected with so much sunny orange marmalade and lemondrop flavors, but the finish ends drier with a hint of bitter orange pith."	Dry	85	24	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Waters Crest 2009 Dry Riesling (New York)	Riesling	Waters Crest
US	"Tangy green-apple aromas and flavors make this medium-bodied wine refreshing, crisp and palate-cleansing. The texture is vibrant and the finish lively."		90	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dancing Bull 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Dancing Bull
France	"Rounded, ripe notes of fresh and stewed pear sweeten nose and palate against a fine backbone of bright lemony acidity. There is the slightest nutty touch adding texture to that fruity freshness which leaves the palate just off-dry."	Eichberg Grand Cru	92	40	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Martin Schaetzel 2013 Eichberg Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Martin Schaetzel
US	"Just a touch pink, this delicately hued rosé penetrates with fresh watermelon and raspberry flavors. Vivid and crisp, it's elegantly mineral and boasts a cool—almost alpine—freshness making it perfect for summer months."	Dry Wiltberger Vineyard Field Blend	88	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Keuka Spring 2014 Dry Wiltberger Vineyard Field Blend Rosé (Finger Lakes)	Rosé	Keuka Spring
US	"The Sullivan designate mixes Pommard, Wädenswil and Dijon 777 clones, which were aged 10 months in 30% new French oak. It's similar to the winery's Dardis bottling in terms of the balance between fruit and herbs, though here there is a bit of a hole in the midpalate. Otherwise, it's a friendly mix of black cherry, cola and chocolate: forward and open."	Sullivan	89	52	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Fairsing 2014 Sullivan Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Fairsing
Spain	"Overreaching aromas of sweet oak sit heavily atop herbal plum and berry scents. This feels sticky and oaky, while a forced, only partially integrated oak flavor dominates the palate. Even on the finish this tastes predominantly of sweet oak on top of herbal berry fruit."	Gran Reserva	85	18	Northern Spain	Cariñena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Paniza 2010 Gran Reserva Red (Cariñena)	Red Blend	Bodegas Paniza
US	"A very nice wine, bone dry and crisp in cool-climate acidity that really gets the mouth watering. It has complex flavors of lemons, limes, grapefruit and herbs, with a clean, pleasing minerality."		88	18	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Alma Rosa 2008 Pinot Gris (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Gris	Alma Rosa
US	"A bit on the tough and chewy side, this is a decent effort in a difficult year. There is a minty, cherry candy core, with some rougher and earthier, leafier tannins surrounding."	Cuvée A	85	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Anne Amie 2007 Cuvée A Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Anne Amie
Italy	"This opens with aromas suggesting underbrush, scorched earth, chopped herb and dried berry. The straightforward palate delivers concentrated black cherry, black currant and dark spice set against rounded tannins. A coffee note signals the close."		88	20	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Val delle Rose 2015  Morellino di Scansano	Red Blend	Val delle Rose
Argentina	"Obra Prima is a perennially excellent wine that satisfies more than it overwhelms. This vintage is woody on the nose, with blackberry, moss and an herbal. The mouthfeel is deep and plump but not soft, while toasty blackberry flavors control the palate and finish with herbal, baked notes."	Obra Prima Reserva	90	21	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Familia Cassone 2010 Obra Prima Reserva Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Familia Cassone
US	"Tightly tannic, this 100% varietal wine comes from the producer's family estate. It's big in blackberry fruit and oak, the tannins generous on the palate. Ripe, plush plums figure into the finish, the wine bound to appeal to fans of Zinfandel for its robust nature."	Destination Series	87	35	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kunde 2012 Destination Series Malbec (Sonoma Valley)	Malbec	Kunde
US	"This is made from 100% Syrah from mountainous Stagecoach Vineyard and then fortified with Germain-Robin brandy. The resulting commingle is delicious in plummy chocolate, baked cherry, cola and pepper with a viscosity on the palate that intensifies on the finish."	D'Oro Stagecoach Vineyard	90	80	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Patland 2013 D'Oro Stagecoach Vineyard Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Patland
Chile	"Quiet on the bouquet except for a dusting of oak and banana. The palate is heavy and wide, if a bit flabby, and the flavors of melon and mango run sweet, much like fruit punch. Soft and sweet on the finish as well, and overall it's good but generic. Not many Chards in the price range will fare better."	Xplorador	85	8	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2009 Xplorador Chardonnay (Central Valley)	Chardonnay	Concha y Toro
US	"Subtle aromas of freshly cut grass and crisp Asian pears make this clean, dry Riesling a refreshing sipping wine. A tingly acidity and citrus pith notes linger playfully on the palate."	Dry	86	13	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Heron Hill 2008 Dry Riesling (New York)	Riesling	Heron Hill
France	"Plump, almost overripe yellow plums are ample on the nose. The palate rescues this somewhat with freshness, but flavor and taste seem slightly disjointed."		85	19	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine de la Tour Blanche 2013 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine de la Tour Blanche
Italy	"A blend of Carricante and Catarratto planted in high-altitude vineyards, this linear vibrant white offers delicate but enticing scents of Spanish broom, jasmine and orchard fruit. The bright delicious palate doles out creamy yellow apple, green pear and chopped mint while a mineral note underscores the finish. It's loaded with finesse."	Isolanuda Bianco	92	29	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Destro 2014 Isolanuda Bianco  (Etna)	White Blend	Destro
US	"Made from 100% Cabernet grown in the Beckstoffer Georges III Vineyard, and aged in mostly new French and American oak, its tannins are tough as nails. Yet there's a vast core of blackberry and black cherry fruit that's just yearning to break out. With modest alcohol (the official reading is a mere 13.2% by volume), it's a natural choice for the cellar. It should begin to blossom by 2016 and continue to develop beyond 2020."	Clone 6 Unfiltered	94	120	California	Rutherford	Napa			Bell 2008 Clone 6 Unfiltered Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bell
US	"There are seven grape varieties in this blend, including Syrah and Merlot. It's pretty rustic with tart cranberry, mulberry and spice flavors. Drink up."	Rich Red Winemaker's Blend	82	15	California	California	California Other			Seven Daughters NV Rich Red Winemaker's Blend Red (California)	Red Blend	Seven Daughters
US	"From the vineyard that helped propel the appellation's reputation into the stratosphere, this wine delivers both in terms of its historical significance, but also in present-day refinement and complexity. A flinty, earthy layer of black truffle and coffee open the aromatic profile of the wine before offering bold, brawny flavors of leather and black currant. The oak is well integrated and the tannins sizable yet behaved. This is a beautiful wine."	Fay	95	125	California	Stags Leap District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Stag's Leap Wine Cellars 2012 Fay Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stag's Leap Wine Cellars
US	"A brisk young Pinot Noir, dry and bright in acidity, with deep, long raspberry, cherry, cola, spice and sandalwood flavors. The tannins are just a bit rustic, so drink this wine now and over the next 2–3 years."	Aubaine Vineyards	88	42	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast			Stephen Ross 2007 Aubaine Vineyards Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Stephen Ross
France	"Vines from high up in the vineyard produce this cool, fresh wine. It has bright acidity along with intense grapefruit and lemon fruits. The wine is tangy with a strong texture. Drink from 2018."	Château Gris Les Terrasses	89	90	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Albert Bichot 2014 Château Gris Les Terrasses  (Nuits-St.-Georges)	Chardonnay	Albert Bichot
Chile	"For Chilean Sauvignon Blanc with character, style and panache, Kingston Family's Cariblanco is a perennial pace-setter. There's mineral, sea air and tropical fruit aromas to get it going. Next in line is a flush palate of passion fruit and green apple. Finishes long and stylish, with elegance."	Cariblanco	90	16	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kingston Family 2007 Cariblanco Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kingston Family
France	"Solid and firm, this initially tannic wine has ripe black fruits under the tough surface. It will take time to bring out the potential richness and complex flavors. Wait until 2018."		92	50	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Le Boscq 2011  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Le Boscq
US	"This single-vineyard wine is a little plodding and direct now. It's dry and acidic, with high-toned flavors of cranberry and sour cherry candy that turn heavy and seemingly sweet as you swallow."	English Hill Vineyard	93	50	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Boheme 2009 English Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Boheme
Argentina	"For the price, this is not a good effort. It's overoaked and horsey smelling, with a heavy, overripe palate that tastes herbal and like hickory-infused blackberry. Flat and stewy on the finish."	Reserva	82	29	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cas'Almare 2009 Reserva Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Cas'Almare
Italy	"Mature berry, pressed rose petal and exotic spice pave the way on this easygoing red while the medium-bodied palate boasts juicy black cherry, clove and a hint of coffee. Round tannins provide support. Drink through 2018."		88	25	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Nottola 2012  Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Nottola
US	"This is the best fourteen buck Pinot Noir on the market. It shows plenty of Pinot character, with its silky mouthfeel and cherry, raspberry, cola and spice flavors that finish so dry and clean. Highly recommended for restaurants that want to feature a distinctive California Pinot at an inexpensive price."		86	14	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Aquinas 2006 Pinot Noir (Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Aquinas
US	"Although the tannins give this wine a hard astringency, they can't mask the richness of the fruit. Once you get used to the tannins, you find a blast of cherry and blackberry jam fruit. This is a wine to put in the cellar until 2018."	Don Miguel Vineyard Earthquake Block Unfiltered	92	52	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Marimar Estate 2010 Don Miguel Vineyard Earthquake Block Unfiltered Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Marimar Estate
Italy	"This savory wine has earthy and fruity fragrances of underbrush, spice and plum. The palate delivers a lush dark cherry flavor, accented by white pepper, cinnamon and licorice spice. With its fresh acidity and firm but elegant tannins, this has complexity and modest aging potential."		94	32	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Dei 2010  Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Dei
US	"Opening with aromas of barbecued meat, this soft Cab is all about ripe, meaty tannins and smoky oak over any suggestion of fruit, which is hidden among its cedar and tobacco-lined walls."	Peltier Station	84	18	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peltier 2011 Peltier Station Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Peltier
Italy	"This Chianti Classico strikes a beautiful balance between elegance and intensity. It has both and its pretty aromas of wild berry, rose, ginger, anise and spice come forth in a continuous, steady manner. It feels bright and lively in the mouth and ends with a touch of piquant spice."		88	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Isole e Olena 2005  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Isole e Olena
US	"Winemaker Bruno Corneaux keeps a tight grip on alcohol levels, without sacrificing ripeness, flavor or balance. This aromatically compelling wine jumps up with scents of sea breeze, toasted nuts and buttered popcorn. Flavors follow, with apples, vanilla and toast coming to a full-bodied lingering finish. There's ample length and tension to age gracefully for another decade."		92	50	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Divio 2015 Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Domaine Divio
US	"Dusty in tannins and planky in wood, this chewy red blends Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot and Malbec into a mouthful of black olive, black currant and leather."	Jillian's Blend	84	44	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Laird 2011 Jillian's Blend Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Laird
Italy	"This single-vineyard bottling begins with aromas of nearly overripe plum and black berries accompanied by whiffs of farmyard and wet soil. The palate loses this rustic note and delivers juicy red cherry layered with vanilla, espresso and toasted oak. It's a bit shy on freshness and finishes on a sweet note but it's still very enjoyable thanks to succulent primary fruit flavors."	Vigna La Casina	89	45	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Casina di Cornia 2008 Vigna La Casina  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Casina di Cornia
Italy	"Fresh and full, with a deep berry nose, drying tannins and ample but not overdone oak. In the mouth, it's pretty solid, and the cherry and black-plum fruit is clean and tasty. It's on the stout side, with youthful acidity and a good deal of warmth to the smoky finish. From Poliziano."		88	18	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lohsa 2000  Morellino di Scansano	Sangiovese	Lohsa
Italy	"A great value wine, this fruity Syrah opens with bright blueberry, cherry and plum woven between subtle nuances of leather, spice and smoked bacon."	Sallier de la Tour	86	11	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Tasca d'Almerita 2009 Sallier de la Tour Syrah (Sicilia)	Syrah	Tasca d'Almerita
France	"A black-fruited wine with a strong sense of structure and wood, it has spice and black-plum flavors that are held together by tannins. This can age for a few years."		87	12	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Moulin 2010 Red (Gaillac)	Red Blend	Domaine du Moulin
Portugal	"Made from old vines, this ripe and firm wine is young and still developing. It has black fruits that are lifted by the juicy, concentrated acidity. Structure, spice, pepper and a generous, full palate all point to some aging. Drink from 2017."	Lua Cheia em Vinhas Velhas	90	35	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2014 Lua Cheia em Vinhas Velhas Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
US	"Complex and finessed, this has loads of flavor. The pretty cherry and plum notes are framed with a milk chocolate accent. The modest alcohol in no way diminishes the concentration."	The Magician's Assistant Cabernet Franc	90	18	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sleight of Hand 2011 The Magician's Assistant Cabernet Franc Rosé (Yakima Valley)	Rosé	Sleight of Hand
US	"The old vine designation, though unregulated, is usually reserved for plantings at least a quarter century old. Though the first sniff suggests a wine that has been over-oaked, such is not the case. It has the concentration and fruit power—layers of citrus and stone fruit flavors—along with the depth and texture that older vines bring, to more than support the generous new oak."	Old Vine	90	78	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rex Hill 2009 Old Vine Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Rex Hill
US	"Barbecue and lusty stews are what this wine wants. It's dryish to sweet in raisin, blackberry jam, chocolate, beef jerky and spice flavors, and the tannins are big and tough."		86	27	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Pech Merle 2009 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Pech Merle
US	"This late-release has benefited from its time in bottle. Juicy and beguiling in red raspberry and black cherry fruit, it has a back layering of spicy cardamom and a sphere of acidity. Buoyant and memorable, it finishes with more spice and savory leather."		92	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Broman 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Broman
Italy	"Aromas of raisin, vanilla, nutmeg, peppermint and a whiff of resin lead the nose of this blend of 70% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Cabernet Franc and 10% Merlot. The easy-drinking palate delivers crushed black cherries, black currants, clove and chocolate covered mint alongside supple tannins."	Moro	88	21	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Montellori 2011 Moro Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Fattoria Montellori
France	"This is a light-colored wine, with structure and acidity to balance the perfumed cherry-flavored fruit. Still young, still developing its fruitiness, the wine is going to be crisp with attractive strawberry flavors and soft tannins. Drink from 2019."	Aux Champs Perdrix Premier Cru	89	70	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Chevillon-Chezeaux 2014 Aux Champs Perdrix Premier Cru  (Nuits-St.-Georges)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Chevillon-Chezeaux
France	"This is a smooth wine with gentle tannins and red berry fruit. It has juicy acidity and a slight toastiness from oak. With spice and acidity, it will be an attractive wine to drink from 2018."		87	32	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Nuiton-Beaunoy 2015  Beaune	Pinot Noir	Nuiton-Beaunoy
New Zealand	"This lightweight Pinot Noir displays modest scents of cherries coupled with herbal elements, while in the mouth the cherries are tart, with a hint of green underripeness, and the wine lacks fleshiness. Pair with poultry or salmon."		83	20	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kim Crawford 2008 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Kim Crawford
Argentina	"Norton Reserva is one of Argentina's best Cabernetss for the money. This vintage offers a mineral aroma along with rose petal, baked plum and spiced cherry scents. It feels deep, generous and balanced, with cassis, blackberry, earth and molasses flavors."	Reserva	90	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Norton 2010 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bodega Norton
US	"This is made from equal proportions of ripe, fleshy Merlot and herbaceous, violet-inflected Cabernet Franc. The resulting blend is brisk in acidity and framed with hints of cedar, baking spice and vanilla. It's robust with tannins but should round out with braised meat or other hearty fare."	Lot #2	86	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Peconic Bay Winery 2009 Lot #2 Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Peconic Bay Winery
Italy	"This vintage of Planeta's celebrated Chardonnay is full-bodied and lush, with notes of peach, yellow rose, vanilla and honey, framed by toasted hazelnuts. The wine delivers a creamy, almost chewy mouthfeel with power and intensity, and continues with a long, soft finish."		91	39	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Planeta 2006 Chardonnay (Sicilia)	Chardonnay	Planeta
France	"This blend of 70% Grenache and 30% Syrah is a chunky, slightly rustic style of Côtes-du-Rhône. It starts off with tar and herb aromas, then turns plummy and chocolaty on the palate. Drink now–2017."	Linteau	84	13	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	L. Tramier & Fils 2012 Linteau Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	L. Tramier & Fils
France	This is an attractive pink-colored wine that is beautifully fresh while also having some rich strawberry fruit cut with acidity. There is a touch of pepper that gives a dry and lightly tannic core. Drink from the end of 2015.	Tête de Cuvée	90	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Houchart 2014 Tête de Cuvée Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Houchart
Austria	"A lightweight Chardonnay, with crisp acidity and citrus flavors. It is soft, full of white fruits, with a burst of orange zest. Not for aging, ready to drink."		88	17	Leithaberg			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mariell 2010 Chardonnay (Leithaberg)	Chardonnay	Mariell
Spain	"A big oaky can't-miss blast of clove and wood spice is more dominating than secondary berry aromas. This is resiny and full in body, with ample acidity. Oak plays a lead role on the flavor profile, which includes toast, mint and herbal black plum. A peppery toasty finish benefits from moderate juicy acidity. Drink through 2021."	Reserva	89	30	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tamaral 2011 Reserva  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Tamaral
Italy	"Luminous and fresh, this opens with aromas of red berry, violet, chopped herb and a whiff of baking spice. The vibrant, linear palate offers red cherry, strawberry, white pepper and star anise alongside racy acidity and polished tannins. Enjoy through 2018."		90	18	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vignavecchia 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Vignavecchia
France	"The renaissance of Kirwan, with the consultancy of Michel Rolland, continues with this ripe, forward, concentrated wine. The tannins are sweet and soft, with a solid, chunky structure that promises a long life. The finish displays balanced new wood flavors and a smooth polish."		94	55	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Kirwan 2000  Margaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Kirwan
US	"Components of salty toffee and honey provide a luxurious texture to this otherwise floral, nicely balanced wine, a subtle cradling of oak never in the way of its tense minerality. Green apple and Meyer lemon make appearances along the way."	Denmark Vineyard	93	32	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Anaba 2013 Denmark Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Anaba
France	"The wine is ripe with a fine mix of generous fruits and layers of toast. It is an opulent wine, full of fruitiness and with a crisper side from juicy acidity. Produced from 48-year-old vines, it has some fine concentration that gives the wine extra richness. Drink from 2017."		88	36	Burgundy	Saint-Aubin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roche de Bellene 2014  Saint-Aubin	Chardonnay	Roche de Bellene
Chile	"Aromas of olive, green herbs, mixed spices and black plum set up a full, grabby palate. Flavors of generic black fruits, bitter herbs and eucalyptus finish minty and leafy, with weight and cushion."	Cefiro Reserva	86	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2014 Cefiro Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Casablanca Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viña Casablanca
US	"Light in color yet meaty on the palate, this is a youthful, tightly-wound red, firm in tannin and oak. The fruit profile is subtle, allowing spicier characteristics of cardamom and clove to shine."	Peters Vineyard Winemaker's Reserve	91	48	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kokomo 2014 Peters Vineyard Winemaker's Reserve Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Kokomo
US	"Kathleen Inman has gained such a following with her Rosé that she's given it a special designation, a nod to her happy marriage. Made in a direct-press style, the dry, refreshing wine is light salmon in color and marked by aromatic grapefruit and strawberry, mouthfilling and juicy as a slice of watermelon in summer."	Endless Crush Rosé of	92	25	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Inman Family 2013 Endless Crush Rosé of Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Inman Family
US	"Raspberry jam, red currant and liqueur flavors mark this strong Pinot Noir. It's all about fruit and oak, with little subtlety, and the hard tannins will never go away."	Estate Reserve Principal's Choice	83	39	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Burrell School Vineyards 2009 Estate Reserve Principal's Choice Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Burrell School Vineyards
US	"This is a common wine, thin and sweet in blackberry and cherry jam flavors, with tannins that make your tongue stick to the gums."	Legendary	82	10	California	California	California Other			Wild Hare 2012 Legendary Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Wild Hare
Spain	"A touch of volatility accompanies opening black fruit and plum aromas, while the palate brings both a raisiny essence and austere acidity that causes tartness. For basic Priorat, this is fine. But if you're looking for greatness, there isn't much to speak of. Overall, it's a good but regular wine, nothing more or less."	Negre	86	16	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Scala Dei 2006 Negre Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Scala Dei
US	"Buttery vanilla, cherry and plum notes give this wine a plush backdrop of fruit and rich, round texture. With small percentages of Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Petit Verdot, it reveals additional cedar and graphite components before unleashing a lasting chocolate flavor on the finish."	Beringer Estates Selection	90	36	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Beringer 2014 Beringer Estates Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (Knights Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beringer
Chile	"Blackberry, black pepper, herb, olive and mint aromas are draped over the nose of this blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 40% Syrah and 10% Carmenère. Complete and comfortable on the palate, this has moderately edgy acidity and warm flavors of berry fruits and vanilla. Creamy, lactic leftovers weigh down the finish."	Gran Corte	90	45	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Luz 2012 Gran Corte Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Santa Luz
US	"This kitchen-sink blend is made up of 67% Zinfandel, followed by 28% Cabernet Sauvignon and a small handful of Merlot. Aged in both French and American oak, less than half of it new, it's soft and quite tannic, with Zin's rightful spicy red fruit at its core."	Proprietary	86	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Paraduxx 2011 Proprietary Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Paraduxx
US	"Deceptively light in color, yet aromatically rich, this sends up a lush mix of berries, spices, chocolate and pastry notes. It's youthful and vibrant, with clean, bright, tangy fruit that has the balance and power for excellent development in the bottle. Drink now through 2025."	Bonnie Jean Vineyard	94	63	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2014 Bonnie Jean Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
US	"This wine by winemaker and owner Dan Kessler offers a zesty nose of crushed boysenberry, black raspberry, scarlet rose petal, wild sage and a touch of violet. There is lots of fresh zip to the sip, where woody elderberries and black plum are lifted by mint and more lively violet character. The finish is laced with juniper."	Ohana	93	40	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kessler-Haak 2012 Ohana Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Kessler-Haak
US	"This wine is light cherry-red in color, showing some bricking. Strawberry, bubble gum and orange-peel aromas are followed by off-dry flavors with a broad feel."	Blondie Rosé of	86	20	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Finn Hill 2014 Blondie Rosé of Sangiovese (Red Mountain)	Sangiovese	Finn Hill
France	"This is a cool Pinot Noir with flavors both of red fruits and the wood aging. It is smooth with red-cherry fruit and gentle tannins and acidity. The wine, from vineyards on the slopes of Puy de Dôme mountains, is ripe and ready to drink."	Nymphéa Prestige	87	20	Loire Valley			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Sauvat 2014 Nymphéa Prestige Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Domaine Sauvat
US	"This is dry, tart in acidity and stimulating in lemongrass and pear flavors. It has a touch of New Zealand-style gooseberry, demonstrating a green-peppercorn-like grassiness. Try pairing it with a goat cheese and thyme omelet for weekend brunch."		88	13	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Buena Vista 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Buena Vista
Chile	"Blackberry, cassis, herb and spice aromas are complete and ripe. This Cabernet-led blend is focused and direct on the palate, with berry, cassis, chocolate and oaky flavors. A similar tasting finish, with additional chocolate and creamy oak is weighty and pleasing."	Fina Reserva Ensamblaje Cabernet Sauvignon-Malbec-Syrah	89	19	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Estampa 2013 Fina Reserva Ensamblaje Cabernet Sauvignon-Malbec-Syrah Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Estampa
US	"This is a very dry, tannic wine whose mouthfeel is too tough and astringent to enjoy now. It has lovely flavors of blueberries, blackberries, sweetly old leather, cola and peppery spices. Feels like there's enough depth to last for 4–5 years and let the wine soften."	Paolo's Vineyard Estate Grown	87	35	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Montemaggiore 2007 Paolo's Vineyard Estate Grown Syrah (Dry Creek Valley)	Syrah	Montemaggiore
France	"A ripe and spicy wine, this is structured with black-currant fruits and lively acidity. It is still very young: its exuberant fruitiness likely to calm as it matures. Give this ripe wine until 2019."	Cuvée Caractères	88	13	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut le Valette 2015 Cuvée Caractères  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut le Valette
US	"Tastes pretty sweet, with a sugar and honeysuckle richness. But the tangerine fruit flavor is deep and impressive, and the vanilla and buttered toast notes from oak are what consumers like."		86	15	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Bridlewood 2009 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Bridlewood
Chile	"This is an approachable, lightweight Sauvignon Blanc with upfront tropical fruit aromas. The mouthfeel is clean and mild, while flavors of white grapefruit and lime finish sweet and easy, alongside notes of dried pineapple and mango."	120	85	9	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2013 120 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Rita
US	"All six Bordeaux varieties are incorporated here, half being Cabernet Sauvignon from Walla Walla's Pepperbridge vineyard. A smooth entry brings up a flavorful mix of ripe strawberry, red plum and black cherry fruits. The wine is somewhat liquorous, with the alcohol showing in a finish tasting of Bourbon-soaked cherries."	Private Blend	91	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Nodland 2009 Private Blend Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Nodland
Italy	"Tart berries, a touch of maple syrup and some orange peel on the nose open into a dry black-cherry palate and lean mouthfeel. Sharply austere."	O'Leandro Riserva	84	43	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Cennatoio 1995 O'Leandro Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Cennatoio
US	"As with the Indian Wells Cabernet, winemaker Bob Bertheau is using a considerable amount of Syrah (19%) to beef up the flavors. The Merlot here seems a bit light, it fades out in midpalate. There is a chalkiness to the finish, and the tannins are just a little green."	Indian Wells	85	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2007 Indian Wells Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"Whiffs of crushed minerals and smoke lend nuance to this dry yet intensely fruity wine full of Meyer lemon, peach and melon flavors. It's brisk and dancing on the palate with a bracing hit of lime acidity that lingers towards a long, steely finish."	Randolph O'Neil Vineyard	87	25	New York	Cayuga Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Silver Thread 2012 Randolph O'Neil Vineyard Riesling (Cayuga Lake)	Riesling	Silver Thread
US	"One of the consistently finest Rieslings from the state, this is technically off dry, but feels dry given its exceptional acidity. Elegant citrus and floral aromas introduce a dense, textural midpalate. A showcase of style and panache, its layered citrus and stone fruits bring both skin and flesh flavors into focus."		93	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Poet's Leap 2013 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Poet's Leap
Argentina	"Tea, spice, tomato and dried-fruit aromas feed into a lightweight palate with slightly raw acidity. Snappy flavors of red currant and plum are clean, fresh and light. In a nutshell, that's what this Tupungato Pinot is about: freshness, femininity and dried red fruits. Drink through 2019."	Gran Terroir	88	20	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zorzal 2014 Gran Terroir Pinot Noir (Tupungato)	Pinot Noir	Zorzal
Chile	"No-frills berry and cassis aromas open this Cabernet. A wide, jammy palate is generous but a touch off-centered. An aggressive herbal plum flavor leads the charge, while a tannic, grabby finish brings it home."	Block Series Reserva Especial	89	20	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	J. Bouchon 2014 Block Series Reserva Especial Cabernet Sauvignon (Maule Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	J. Bouchon
US	"At the age of five-plus, this is still a pretty aggressive wine in tannins, with a sandpapery astringency through the finish. But it's also incredibly fruity, offering a blast of superripe blackberries, currants, plums, dark chocolate and pepper. Seems best now and for a couple years."	Estate	88	28	California	Atlas Peak	Napa			Astrale e Terra 2004 Estate Syrah (Atlas Peak)	Syrah	Astrale e Terra
France	"From vines averaging 50 years of age, this is powerful, ripe and concentrated. It has dark black fruits, red berries that give acidity, and a richly fruity structure. It punches well above its village appellation. Drink from 2017."	Vieilles Vignes	92	50	Burgundy	Gevrey-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Rossignol-Trapet 2011 Vieilles Vignes  (Gevrey-Chambertin)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Rossignol-Trapet
US	"A 100% varietal and estate-grown wine, this has a puckering density to the palate amid a plushness and richness of body and weight. Dense in blackberry and plum, it offers additional elements of tar and crackling bacon."	Annadel Gap Vineyard Estate	89	40	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Westwood 2014 Annadel Gap Vineyard Estate Syrah (Sonoma Valley)	Syrah	Westwood
US	"If you love old-world Rhônes, Sierra Vista is a producer to know about. This blend of Grenache, Syrah, Mourvèdre and Cinsault is medium in weight and easy to drink and love, tinged with hints of lavender, cherry and baked bread."	Fleur de Montagne	88	30	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sierra Vista 2009 Fleur de Montagne Red (El Dorado)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Sierra Vista
US	"Copper peach and orange in color, this light, dry wine is soft and refreshing. Flavors of grapefruit, tangerine and cherry don't overwhelm on the palate. It finishes crisp and ready for another sip."	Rosé of	87	18	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cosa Obra 2014 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Cosa Obra
US	"Fascinating earthy, spicy aromas and flavors give an extra dimension to this full-bodied and richly textured wine. New leather, cardamom, and cumin scents infuse the aroma, while ripe but not sweet black currant, dark cherry and clove flavors flood the palate. It's rich enough to enjoy now but will be best after 2019."	Reserve Collection	92	60	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cuda Ridge Wines 2013 Reserve Collection Cabernet Sauvignon (Livermore Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cuda Ridge Wines
France	"Full and ripe, the wine's lush texture demonstrates the dominance of Merlot. It also has a dense, tannic character that pushes through the rich fruit, lending balance and aging potential. Keep this for at least five years."		89	18	Bordeaux	Montagne-Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Croix de Mission 2010  Montagne-Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Croix de Mission
US	"This is an awesome Cabernet. It's 100% varietal, with lots of French oak. It shows blackberry jam, black currant, chocolate and sweet oak flavors that are absolutely delicious. The wine is said to come from the esteemed Morisoli Vineyard, in Rutherford."		92	125	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kadiem 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kadiem
New Zealand	"Light in weight and lacy in texture, this is a savory, subtly flavored Pinot Noir that's ready to drink. Notes of smoke, mushrooms and dried herbs intertwine with tart fruit."	Old Coach Road	86	20	Nelson			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Seifried 2009 Old Coach Road Pinot Noir (Nelson)	Pinot Noir	Seifried
Spain	"Aromas of pickled lime and not much else define the nose on this medium-bodied brut. Flavors of lettuce and lime are dry, while this remains dry and fresh on a clean, simple finish."	Deshora Brut Orgánico	87	20	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aranleón NV Deshora Brut Orgánico Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Aranleón
Portugal	"Named in tribute to the many wine rivers of Portugal (Foz means estuary), this generous, fruity and soft wine is quite ready to drink. It is smooth with black fruits and light tannins well balanced and cut by acidity."	F'Oz	86	10	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2013 F'Oz Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
US	"This wine is a blend from several of the producer's higher-elevation estate vineyards in the appellation. Floral and inviting in sugar apple, caramel crème brûlée and complex spice and salt seasonings, it's plush and voluptuous, with supportive acidity and a crushed stone minerality."	Estate Vineyards	94	40	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Stonestreet 2015 Estate Vineyards Chardonnay (Alexander Valley)	Chardonnay	Stonestreet
Germany	"Opulent tropical fruit and florals perfume this decadently ripe yet bracing wine. It's intensely fruity and juicy yet spine tingling with acidity. Blossom and honey notes leave a lingering, pleasantly viscous trail of sweetness on the palate. Delightful now but likely to hold through 2022."	Bernkasteler Graben Spätlese	91	24	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hansen-Lauer 2015 Bernkasteler Graben Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Hansen-Lauer
US	"Very well structured and richly textured, this is a serious red for a special occasion. It has a deep, smoky red color, slightly herbaceous and mineral aromas, generous cherry and raspberry flavors, full body and lots of fine tannins to give a soft bite on the palate. Made from 50% Tinta Roriz, 35% Carmenère, 15% Cabernet Franc."	Trigrammaton	90	35	California	Yolo County	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Rosa d'Oro 2012 Trigrammaton Red (Yolo County)	Red Blend	Rosa d'Oro
Italy	"This is everything a Valpolicella should be: fresh, savory and incredibly easy to drink. Made with organically grown Corvina and Rondinella, it offers aromas and flavors of cherry, crushed raspberry and a sprinkling of baking spice alongside pliant tannins. Drink soon."	Iperico	88	30	Veneto	Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Valentina Cubi 2015 Iperico  (Valpolicella)	Red Blend	Valentina Cubi
US	"Just over 75% Cabernet Sauvignon with the balance Malbec (10%), Petit Verdot (8%) and Merlot, this wine offers brooding but well-delineated aromas and flavors of blackberry, dried flowers, black tea, herbs, earth, barrel spices and light meaty notes. It's packed tightly with firm tannins and also shows great length. Drink 2022–2028."	Reserve	94	150	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Leonetti Cellar 2012 Reserve Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Leonetti Cellar
France	"A fresh, fruity branded Bordeaux from the producers of Château Patache d'Aux. It has friendly, approachable fruit, with light wood, good ripe plums and berries and a firm, but juicy finish."		85	12	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	La Patache 2006  Médoc	Cabernet Sauvignon	La Patache
Portugal	"This is a bold, ripe wine, full of fruit and equally full of dense tannins. A blend that includes Cabernet Sauvignon, it is solid, powerful and spicy from wood aging. The structure is still young in this impressive wine. Drink from 2019."	Perescuma	90	17	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Casal Branco 2014 Perescuma Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Casal Branco
France	"From the ripe 2015 vintage, this is a smooth opulent wine. With its citrus and pear fruits, rich acidity and tangy aftertaste, this concentrated wine is balanced and ready to drink."	Les Belles Côtes	89	46	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roger et Didier Raimbault 2015 Les Belles Côtes  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Roger et Didier Raimbault
US	"This barrel-fermented wine reflects the modest ripeness that marked the 2010 vintage. Scents of almond paste, orange peel, citrus, melon and pear intertwine, and the wine's flavors carry light suggestions of them all, along with a touch of caramel. It's drinking well right now, so why wait?"	Reserve	88	28	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Stoller 2010 Reserve Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Stoller
France	"Open and inviting, this wine lays out traditional Chardonnay aromas and flavors of peach and citrus accented by toasty oak in a powerful and easily understood wine. There's a certain lack of finesse that's more than made up for by rich and expressive flavors."		88	44	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet				Louis Latour 2000  Chassagne-Montrachet	Chardonnay	Louis Latour
Germany	"Whiffs of lavender and lime mark this unusual yet elegant dry Riesling. It's lean and zesty in feel, with tart stone fruit and pear flavors that are layered in waves of crushed minerals and puckering tangerine acidity."	Erbacher Steinmorgen Erstes Gewächs Erstes Lage	89	57	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Baron Knyphausen 2010 Erbacher Steinmorgen Erstes Gewächs Erstes Lage Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Baron Knyphausen
US	"This inviting Pinot is broadly ripe and fully lush in earthy, spicy layers, dark cherry and plum that plays across the palate. With a long, substantial finish, iot suits pork roasts and bacon-wrapped scallops."		89	65	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Guarachi Family 2012 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Guarachi Family
France	This is a ripe wine with generous black fruits and crisp acidity. It is balanced—fruity with a core of tannins. Drink from 2018.		86	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Vircoulon 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Vircoulon
US	"One of a series of single-clone offerings from Kason, this suffers from a sameness of flavors. Black fruits are soaked in aggressive and bitter oak flavors that push the smoke and char to the forefront, leaving bitter tannins as a result."	Dijon 115	86	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kason 2014 Dijon 115 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kason
New Zealand	"For a wine with such a large volume (over half a million cases were imported to the U.S.), the quality is admirable. Passion fruit and grapefruit elements dominate, while some grassier notes emerge as the wine sits in the glass, resulting in a pleasant blend of tropical and herbal notes. It's plump on the midpalate, then gains focus on the lengthy, mouthwatering finish."		88	18	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kim Crawford 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kim Crawford
US	"Sourced from grapes grown in the Happy Canyon area, this is a lush, ripe blend of Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. It's not hugely complex, but pleasurable and jammy with flavors of black cherries, dried red currants and sweet milk chocolate."	Fletcher's	88	75	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Westerly 2009 Fletcher's Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Red Blend	Westerly
Italy	"Truffle, leather, berry, grilled herb, oak and a whiff of game lead the nose. The dense, taut palate doles out Morello cherry, raspberry compote, baking spice and a hint of pipe tobacco alongside close-grained tannins. A bitter sage note closes the firm finish. Drink 2018–2023."	Quarantadue	90	52	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rattalino 2013 Quarantadue  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Rattalino
US	"Black pepper is the star of this bone-dry, full-bodied young wine, in both the aroma and the flavor. Below that are bold notes of black currants, plums and leather. The tannins are hard, giving it a mouth-stinging astringency. Your best bet is to cellar it for 3–4 years, but it's somewhat risky."	Rodney's Vineyard	87	45	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Fess Parker 2007 Rodney's Vineyard Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Fess Parker
France	"This is one of the classics among Provence rosés. Produced from organically grown grapes and coming from an impressive red-wine producing estate east of Aix-en-Provence, the wine is structured and ageworthy with its blend that includes Cabernet Sauvignon. Rich and full of red fruits, the wine should be drunk from late 2017."		94	20	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Vignelaure 2016 Rosé (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rosé	Château Vignelaure
Germany	"Delicate notes of lemon, lime and sugar cookie on the nose of this off-dry Riesling intensify on the palate, melding into flavors of juicy honey tangerine, peach and cantaloupe. It's an easy, approachable quaffer, but spine-tingling acidity and a hint of bitter lime pith lend structure and elegance. Drink now through 2020."		89	17	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Thanisch 2015 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Thanisch
Austria	"Slightly grassy in character, this wine shows green pepper and tight tannins as well as black berry fruits. To balance this, the fruit is very much to the front, the wood and tannins behind. Drink now."	Cabernet Sauvignon	86	25	Mittelburgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pfneisl United Vineyards 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon Cabernet Sauvignon (Mittelburgenland)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pfneisl United Vineyards
Spain	"Bouncy, jumpy, candied aromas come with scratchiness and minty green. Feels tangy and bordering on sheer, with zesty flavors of red berry fruits, citrus and herbs. Mild and not too deep on the finish."	Tinto	85	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Bujanda 2010 Tinto  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Viña Bujanda
Italy	"Made with organically grown grapes, this single-vineyard bottling opens with enticing scents suggesting pressed violet, woodland berry, a potpourri of culinary spices and a balsamic note. Round and juicy, the smooth palate offers fleshy morello cherry, cinnamon and star anise alongside polished tannins. It's not very complex but it is delicious."	La Roverina	90	17	Veneto	Valpolicella Classico Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Speri 2015 La Roverina  (Valpolicella Classico Superiore)	Red Blend	Speri
Australia	"Round and ripe tropical fruit mark this solid and affordable Chardonnay. Interesting shadings of lime, clove and other spices keep it engaging on the palate. Ends with a medium- length finish of sweet-tart pineapple fruit."		87	13	New South Wales	Hunter Valley				Heritage Road 1998 Chardonnay (Hunter Valley)	Chardonnay	Heritage Road
France	"This is a well structured, rich wine. It has solid, ripe red-berry and black-currant fruits that dominate the firmer tannins, giving a juicy, generous feel. Well worth aging for 3–5 years."		90	55	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bellegrave du Poujeau 2009  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Bellegrave du Poujeau
Chile	"Jammy strawberry aromas are sweet and welcoming on the nose. A bit disjointed, with tangy acidity, the palate brings dark fruit tones of cherry, plum and berry."	Natura	85	12	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Emiliana 2013 Natura Cabernet Sauvignon (Rapel Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Emiliana
France	"Fresh notes of juicy orange are the chief charm of this dry, fresh wine. The palate has an earthy aspect but comes with lip-smacking freshness. The finish is clean and dry."	Vieilles Vignes	88	23	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Fritz Schmitt 2015 Vieilles Vignes Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Fritz Schmitt
Argentina	"Dark in color, this chunky, ripe Malbec opens with blackberry, earth and rubber aromas. That bold, full quality carries onto the palate, which is staunch and bullish, with pepper and berry flavors that finish dry, yet weighty and lush."	Portillo Estate Bottled	88	11	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salentein 2013 Portillo Estate Bottled Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Salentein
US	"Shows that distinctive Edna Valley acidity and pure, laser-like Meyer lemon and lime fruit, while new oak and considerable sur lie aging adds richer notes of cream and yeast. Drink now for its vibrant youthfulness."		88	26	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Talley 2006 Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
US	"NH is making a heritage blend here from 50% Carignane, 30% Zinfandel from the Big John Vineyard and 20% Petite Sirah from Dalton Vineyard, all grown in Calaveras County. Superfull in body and texture, the blend is high in ripe raspberry and plum, Zin-spicy with savory cedar and smokiness too."	The Deviant	89	42	California	Calaveras County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Newsome-Harlow 2009 The Deviant Red (Calaveras County)	Red Blend	Newsome-Harlow
Germany	"Smoke and caramelized sugar notes lend a sultry tone to this racy, streamlined Kabinett. It's vibrant and laced with fresh green and herbal notes, replacing more typical stone-fruit flavors. Delicate honey sweetness lingers softly on the finish."	Scharzhofberger Kabinett	90	23	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bischöfliche Weingüter Trier 2015 Scharzhofberger Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Bischöfliche Weingüter Trier
Italy	"Blackberry, cedar and vanilla aromas lead the way on this polished savory red. The medium-bodied juicy palate doles out red plum, wild cherry, licorice and roasted coffee bean framed in fine-grained tannins. Enjoy through 2022."	Predappio Riserva	90	42	Central Italy	Romagna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Condé 2013 Predappio Riserva Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Condé
France	"This single-vineyard wine, rounded and rich, is smooth, spicy and full of quince and lychee flavors that are developing well. Concentrated and dense, it will be best in late 2014."	Schofweg	89	35	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Gustave Lorentz 2011 Schofweg Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Gustave Lorentz
France	"This young and structured wine has ample fresh red-currant fruitiness, but is ensconced in dry tannins that will soften over the next few years. The wine holds good potential, with its bright fruit and final acidity. Drink from 2019."	Les Chaumées Premier Cru	93	65	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Au Pied du Mont Chauve 2013 Les Chaumées Premier Cru  (Chassagne-Montrachet)	Pinot Noir	Au Pied du Mont Chauve
France	"This ripe and full-bodied wine has a wonderful balance between pure acidity and ripe yellow fruits. From chalk and clay soils, it's both mineral and rich, both fresh and warm. It could be drunk now, although it will be much better from 2016."	Authentique	88	25	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Sangouard-Guyot 2013 Authentique  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Domaine Sangouard-Guyot
US	"Eberle brings their signature touch of supreme drinkability to this youthful Cabernet. Strikes you for sheer balance, a wine that doesn't demand to star at the table. Shows classic, pleasant flavors of blackberries, black currants and anise."	Estate Bottled	88	34	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Eberle 2009 Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Eberle
US	"Pino is a new Oregon entry from the Bronco Wine Company. This fragrant wine, from Willamette Valley grapes, brings fleshy pear fruit and penetrating spices. There's big, forward flavor to spare, with just a slight burn in the finish."		87	18	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Pino 2014 Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	Pino
France	"A rounded wine that exudes a flavor of warm yellow fruit. With its weight, the fruitiness comes through strongly, leaving an attractive tang of acidity on the finish."		87	20	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Max 2010  Saint-Véran	Chardonnay	Louis Max
Argentina	"Tight, snappy aromas of citric red fruit and lemon peel set up a driving, tight palate with brambly berry, spice and herbal flavors. This shows chocolaty oak on the finish and juicy acidity that ensures freshness and long-lasting flavor."	[+]	86	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Julia 2013 [+] Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Julia
France	"In its distinctive Provence skittle bottle, this wine conveys a warm seaside feel. It is soft with a touch of caramel and flavors of wild strawberries and cream. The acidity at the end is what makes this wine, giving it the refreshing character it needs."		84	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison Belle Claire 2015 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Maison Belle Claire
US	"This is 95% Syrah, co-fermented with Viognier in the Northern Rhône style. The result is a very fine wine that is currently drinking quite young and tight. It's shut down in hard tannins and an immature reticence of fruit, although you can detect some ripe, delicious blackberries, plums, currants and dark chocolate. Give it 5–6 years in a good cellar."	Rôtie	92	54	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Keller Estate 2010 Rôtie Red (Sonoma Coast)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Keller Estate
US	"This was not an easy vintage in which to make wine with as much fruit and concentration as this bottling, but winemaker Luisa Ponzi has done it. Deep cherry fruit comes laced with cola and chocolate notes, filling the textural, detailed and full-bodied palate. It demonstrates terrific length and an elegant, balanced finish."	Avellana	93	100	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ponzi 2010 Avellana Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ponzi
US	"Big spice and blackberry/cherry aromas start this wine out right, and on the palate, a rustic underlay of tobacco and pepper adds character. Good structure and acidity add a food-friendly edge. A wine that is easy to drink and well made."		84	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Billsboro 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Billsboro
Italy	"Underbrush, mature berry, leather and grilled herb aromas lead the way. The ripe, chewy palate offers juicy wild cherry, cinnamon, menthol and a hint of anise while seasoned tannins give the finish a firm grip. It's rather straightforward but enjoyable. Drink 2018–2025."		91	55	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria dei Barbi 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Fattoria dei Barbi
France	"This is a fresh while also rich wine. Yellow fruits are laced with appealing acidity and a crisp lemon zest texture. Lively, fruity and mineral, it is ready to drink."	Domaine Drouhin-Vaudon	87	21	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2012 Domaine Drouhin-Vaudon  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Joseph Drouhin
US	"There are light and airy elements of nectarine flesh and lemon blossoms on the nose of this first Chardonnay ever made by veteran Doug Margerum, who also imparts warmer scents of toast and clarified butter. The palate is tightly coiled, simultaneously soft with stone fruit and sharp with chalky texturality."		93	48	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Barden 2014 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Barden
Italy	"This opens with French oak and toasted hazelnut aromas. The lean, assertive palate offers roasted coffee bean and licorice flavors alongside grainy tannins that leave an astringent finish."	San Giuliano	86	38	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pasquale Pelissero 2014 San Giuliano  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Pasquale Pelissero
US	"From a larger portion of viticulturist Anne Moller-Racke's home vineyard, this wine needs time to unravel itself out of a compact and concentrated funk of cedar and mint. The tannin weight is present and powerful. Roses and wild raspberries form a pact of flavor and beguiling aromatic invitation."	Anne Katherina Vineyard Estate Farmed	91	60	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Blue Farm 2013 Anne Katherina Vineyard Estate Farmed Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Blue Farm
Italy	"Coconut, French oak and camphor aromas carry over to the palate along with oak-driven spice, toast, raw sour cherry and a green note of powdered sage. It doesn't have much have much fruit richness while astringent tannins give it a raspy finish."	Borzone	86	68	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Bioca 2013 Borzone  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	La Bioca
France	"This is the second wine of Fourcas Dupré. It is soft, full of ripe berry fruits and attractive acidity. The core of the wine is still dry and shows plenty of tannic structure that will allow the wine to age. Drink from 2019."	Zenith de Fourcas Dupré	88	19	Bordeaux	Listrac-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Fourcas Dupré 2012 Zenith de Fourcas Dupré  (Listrac-Médoc)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Fourcas Dupré
US	"An awesome Zinfandel that shows how delicious the variety can be in the right hands. The wine is unusually complex for Zin, showing not only its briary wild berry flavors but deeper, terroir-driven notes of minerals. The tannins are strong but very fine, while crisp acidity provides balance. Definitely hot in the finish, but fiery barbecue will be a perfect pairing."	Home Ranch	92	36	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Seghesio 2008 Home Ranch Zinfandel (Alexander Valley)	Zinfandel	Seghesio
Italy	"Blue flower, iris, used leather and woodland berry aromas float out of the glass. The easygoing palate offers red cherry, white pepper and a hint of anise accompanied by soft relaxed tannins. Drink through 2017."	Casalino Riserva	87	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bonacchi 2013 Casalino Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Bonacchi
US	"Almost equal parts Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon (with slightly more Merlot), this is a reduced and approachable wine. It's slightly syrupy-thick on the palate, juicy in clove, plum and blueberry. A trace of minerality fights for attention around a medium body, finishing fairly quick."	Hyde Vineyard Belle Cousine	88	66	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	HdV 2010 Hyde Vineyard Belle Cousine Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	HdV
Spain	"Pinched and fiery at first, the bouquet on this Mallorcan blend evolves to show earthy cherry and plum scents. A flush, mouthfilling body is dry and classy. Flavors of baked, earthy, savory cherry and plum come with a load of spice and herbal accents, while the finish is fit and complex. Drink through 2015."	Àn/2	90	25	Spanish Islands	Vi de la Terra Mallorca		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ànima Negra 2010 Àn/2 Red (Vi de la Terra Mallorca)	Red Blend	Ànima Negra
US	"A solid Chardonnay, dry, oaky and rich, with nice, crisp acidity. Satisfies for its creamy wealth of pinapples, limes, pears and minerals."		87	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Foppiano 2009 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Foppiano
France	"This 100% Pinot Noir rosé is ripe and full of red fruit, with a touch of caramel. It shows an attractive streak of acidity on the finish."	La Petite Perrière Pinot Noir	86	12	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Saget la Perrière 2016 La Petite Perrière Pinot Noir Rosé (Vin de France)	Rosé	Saget la Perrière
US	"Brian Loring makes this spicy wine from a vineyard in the hills overlooking Highway 101 east of Nipomo. Cinnamon powder pumps up aromas of pomegranate, saddle leather and raspberry. It's lively with chai spices and typical cranberry juice at first, then the acidic structure reveals a more savory side, with cherry tomato, tapenade and dried meats on the finish."	Aubaine Vineyard	93	50	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Loring Wine Company 2013 Aubaine Vineyard Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Loring Wine Company
US	"Dried herb and barrel spice aromas intermingle with gamey notes. The flavors are pitch black, supported by the burly tannins that this region is known for."		88	25	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Newsprint 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Newsprint
US	"Wood aromas of cedar are expertly spliced with purple fruits on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec, Petite Sirah and Merlot. A touch of greenness on the palate gives those deep purple fruits some depth, but the tannins are quite gripping, and should release more with time. Drink 2018 onward."	Rancho Galante Estate Bottled	88	30	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Galante 2011 Rancho Galante Estate Bottled Red (Carmel Valley)	Red Blend	Galante
Portugal	"An earthy, racy wine, ripe with strawberries and also laced with acidity. It has some weight, softness, with a yeast character creeping in."	Czar Rosé Bruto	87	50	Vinho Espumante de Qualidade			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Murganheira 2005 Czar Rosé Bruto Pinot Noir (Vinho Espumante de Qualidade)	Pinot Noir	Murganheira
Spain	"Matchstick and cider scents are the key aromas on this fresh, citrusy, medium-bodied Cava. Punchy flavors of nectarine and orange finish mellow and fresh, with clarity and length."	Elyssia Gran Cuvée Brut	88	18	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Freixenet NV Elyssia Gran Cuvée Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Freixenet
US	"This is a generously fruity wine with light oak aromas, lots of straightforward black-cherry flavor, a smooth texture and full body."		87	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	McManis 2015 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	McManis
Chile	"Solid from front to back. The nose is your normal mix of cassis, blackberry, latex glove and licorice nibs, while the palate runs hard and condensed, with ripe black fruit flavors. A little clacky and tough on the tongue and cheeks, but true as you can ask for from a Colchagua Cabernet."	Axel	89	20	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Playa 2007 Axel Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	La Playa
US	"A generations-old farming family on the North Fork, Harbes has been producing wines of increasing elegance and consistency in recent vintages. This Merlot-dominated blend of Syrah, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot is especially refined. A subtle sexy wine, it's redolent of ripe sunkissed blackberries spiced with coffee and anise. Full bodied yet tautly structured, it lingers on a crisp cranberry finish marked by feathery tannins."	Proprietor's Reserve	90	43	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Harbes Family Vineyard 2014 Proprietor's Reserve Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Red Blend	Harbes Family Vineyard
Italy	"Aroma of baked plum, French oak, vanilla, coconut and espresso carry over to the densely concentrated, one-dimensional palate along with raisin, roasted coffee bean and evident alcohol. Astringent tannins leave a grippy finish."		87	40	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Verbena 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Verbena
US	"Fruit tones of fig and raspberry are threaded with hints of sweat, turmeric, herb and cocoa. Medium in body, the palate has acids that feel slightly soft, with fine-grained tannins that add some support."	Octagon	87	50	Virginia	Virginia				Barboursville Vineyards 2008 Octagon Red (Virginia)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Barboursville Vineyards
US	"This is a very big, extractedly fruity Bordeaux blend. Right now, it's tannic and sharp and dry, but it has explosive blackberry, black currant and dark chocolate flavors. Rather too angular and awkward for complete enjoyment, but cellar for 4–6 years and try again."	Non Plus Ultra	88	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Paoletti 2007 Non Plus Ultra Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Paoletti
France	"Great value comes from this light-hearted wine with crisp fruitiness. A touch of tannin gives some shape, but the wine is above all attractive and bright with flavors of red fruits and citrus. It will make a fine summer apéritif."	Brigue Provence	85	10	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Brigue 2015 Brigue Provence Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château de Brigue
Italy	"Attractive scents of ripe plum, blue flower, eucalyptus and baking spice spill out of the glass. The round, rich palate doles out juicy black cherry, crushed raspberry, licorice and a hint of chopped herb. Velvety tannins provided polished support. Drink through 2021."	Gran Selezione	92	65	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lornano 2011 Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Lornano
US	"At four years of age, this Merlot is as good as it will ever be. It's rustic in texture, with some sharp edges, and ripe raspberry, cherry and cola flavors."	Lot Five	85	29	California	Bennett Valley	Sonoma			The Magpie 2009 Lot Five Merlot (Bennett Valley)	Merlot	The Magpie
France	"This is a stylish Blanc de Blancs in all but name: a crisp Chardonnay from the north of Burgundy. It has deliciously refreshing acidity and sliced apple fruitiness that is light, bright and mineral at the end."	Brut	90	25	Burgundy	Crémant de Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bailly-Lapierre NV Brut  (Crémant de Bourgogne)	Chardonnay	Bailly-Lapierre
Chile	"The variety's requisite citrus and green aromas are on display, but they aren't very defined or exciting. Neither is the wet, chunky palate, which may be moderately fresh but doesn't offer much besides basic pineapple, kiwi and green melon. 270,000 cases made."	120	83	8	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2009 120 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Rita
Portugal	"A classic Dão blend, which includes Alfrocheiro and Jaen grapes, this is produced by top winemaker Alvaro Castro. A year in oak has given it richness and a smooth, almost velvety character. Underneath this surface, the tannins are all there, balancing the ripe fruit flavors. It will develop well; drink from 2017."	DAC	92	16	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Obrigado 2012 DAC Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Obrigado
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Syrah, this has fruity aromas of dark-skinned berry along with a whiff of all spice. The fresh easygoing palate shows blackberry, black cherry and a hint of ground pepper accompanied by soft tannins. Enjoy soon."	OSO	87	17	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello d'Albola 2014 OSO Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castello d'Albola
US	"Bright aromas of ripe peach, lime zest, flowers and canned pear lead to off-dry peach and apricot flavors. It brings a lot of appeal."		87	10	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	14 Hands 2015 Riesling (Washington)	Riesling	14 Hands
France	"On the slopes above the river Garonne, this vineyard has produced a fresh and fruity wine. Firm tannins are balanced by the intensely young and juicy berry fruit. Wood aging rounds the corners of this wine that will be drinkable from 2015."		87	17	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Paillet-Quancard 2011  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Paillet-Quancard
US	"Pretty aromatically, Lava Cap's Battonage has inviting flavors of pear, honey and toasty vanilla. With well-integrated oak, it's a classically robust California Chardonnay, weighty but structured."	Battonage	88	18	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lava Cap 2011 Battonage Chardonnay (El Dorado)	Chardonnay	Lava Cap
US	"Very forward and mouth-filling in pineapples, mangoes, nectarines, guavas and figs. Yet the wine is dry and crisp. Shows flamboyance rather than complexity, and will appeal to fans of this hedonistic style."	Durell Vineyard	87	47	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Saxon Brown 2006 Durell Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Saxon Brown
Portugal	"This is a very Douro blend for this wine from Lisboa region. It brings structure and minerality to fill out the dark-black fruits. With ripe tannins and bright acidity balancing the fruit, it is ready to drink."	DFJ Touriga Nacional-Touriga Franca	88	13	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	DFJ Vinhos 2014 DFJ Touriga Nacional-Touriga Franca Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	DFJ Vinhos
US	"Inviting aromas of baked blueberries are leveled by crushed asphalt and dried herbs on the refined nose of this bottling. Stewed strawberry and red plum flavors are elegantly cut by more crushed stone, dried spearmint and a touch of sweet tobacco, all held together by grippy tannins."	Mortal Zin	90	38	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Graveyard 2014 Mortal Zin Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Graveyard
US	"With a creamy mouthfeel and ripe flavors of tangerines, tropical fruits, honey and sweet oak, this is a flashy effort. It will appeal to fans of the variety, and rightfully so, delivering a dry complexity that lifts it way above the average."		92	30	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Migration 2010 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Migration
US	"A blend of 65% Merlot, 29% Cabernet Sauvignon and 6% Petit Verdot, this is slightly more open and accessible than the companion Cabernet Sauvignon, but it's clearly structured for cellaring. The plump, expressive midpalate opens generously and spreads fully across the tongue, offering notes of cherry, cassis, licorice and pepper."	Clos de Betz Red Wine	95	52	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Betz Family 2009 Clos de Betz Red Wine Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Betz Family
US	"Aged in 100% new American oak for 14 months, this big wine shows tobacco, roasted beef and campfire aromas cut by fresh boysenberry fruit and pencil lead. The medium-bodied palate is packed with flavors, ranging from tart elderberry, smoked meats and graphite to oregano, oak and thyme."	Reserve	91	35	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Glunz 2013 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Glunz
US	"A menthol/eucalyptus note shoots through the aroma of this pleasant Cabernet. It shows quickly maturing flavors of plum and pie cherry, an easy-drinking softness throughout the mid-palate, and just a hint of heat in the finish."	Barrel Select	86	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Pouillon 2007 Barrel Select Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Domaine Pouillon
France	"Named after the outcropping of gravel on which the vines are planted, this second wine of Fourcas-Dupré is Merlot-based. With its smoky tannins and strong flavors of wood, it needs to fill out with the blackberry fruits that lie in the background. That won't take long and the wine will be ready to drink from late 2016."	Cuvée Hautes Terres	87	25	Bordeaux	Listrac-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Fourcas Dupré 2012 Cuvée Hautes Terres  (Listrac-Médoc)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Fourcas Dupré
US	"A bit rough and scouring, this is also overtly sweet in raspberry jam flavor. Mostly composed of Pinot Noir, the 20% Chardonnay brings refreshing acidity, like a squeeze of lime."	Reserve Brut	87	30	California	Sonoma-Napa	Napa-Sonoma			Chandon NV Reserve Brut Sparkling (Sonoma-Napa)	Sparkling Blend	Chandon
US	"Big, bold, dark and chewy, this builds upon substantial black-cherry fruit and supporting acids. Still knitting together, it shows highlights of cedar and tobacco, along with thick tannins. Give this a couple more years of bottle age, and drink after 2018."	Schindler Vineyard	91	50	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Panther Creek 2013 Schindler Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Panther Creek
Germany	"Swirls of char, smoke and vanilla envelop plush blackberry and plum notes on this perfumed blend of Pinot Noir, Dornfelder, Regent and Pinot Madelaine grapes. It's juicy and concentrated yet maintains a freshness of acidity and herbaceousness. Fine-grained, pert tannins lend a bit of edge to this approachable, enjoyable wine."	Underdog Dry	88	15	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Von Schleinitz 2015 Underdog Dry Red (Mosel)	Red Blend	Von Schleinitz
US	"Perfumey in lemon curd, this is a focused and fairly lean Chardonnay, crisp in lemony acidity and classic wet stone. Mango and lime surround a core of refreshing, intriguing ginger, and the palate offers creamy softness. A bite of fresh pear lingers on the finish."	Dutton Ranch Walker Hill Vineyard	94	50	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dutton-Goldfield 2012 Dutton Ranch Walker Hill Vineyard Chardonnay (Green Valley)	Chardonnay	Dutton-Goldfield
Argentina	"Grapy aromas of black cherry introduce a tight, rubbery but fair palate. Ripe berry, black cherry and bitter chocolate flavors finish with a note of toasty oak but also fiery burn. Let this aggressive Malbec air out and it will show best."	Sustainably Farmed Estate Grown and Bottled	86	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zolo 2015 Sustainably Farmed Estate Grown and Bottled Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Zolo
South Africa	"This earthy Syrah starts with mint and tobacco aromas and on the palate, spice, pepper and cigarbox flavors are restrained and elegant. Good tannic structure and balanced acids give the wine class. A touch of smoke on the finish adds to the serious nature of the wine."		89	47	Franschhoek			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Boekenhoutskloof 2006 Syrah (Franschhoek)	Syrah	Boekenhoutskloof
US	"This wine displays a broader fruit profile than The Rocks is often known for, with aromas of plum leading to crushed rock, cracked pepper, olive, herbs and smoked meat. The texture is captivating, both elegant in its styling yet rich, commanding attention with floral notes on the finish."	Armada Vineyard	95	90	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cayuse 2012 Armada Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Cayuse
Portugal	"With its classic blend of Douro grapes, this is a serious, structured wine from the heart of the valley. It has a leathery edge from dry tannins along with dense black fruit and wood aging flavors. It still needs cellaring, so drink from 2017."		90	15	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta das Carvalhas 2012 Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta das Carvalhas
US	"All the parts are here, but they're not yet in complete harmony. The black-currant flavor is strong and deep; the tannins are thick and dramatic; and the acidity is fresh and stimulating. Oak is evident, with notes of buttered cinnamon toast, and the finish is long and spicy. All indications are of a wine that needs serious time in the cellar. Give it until at least 2015."	Brix Vineyard	93	82	California	Oakville	Napa			Kelleher 2007 Brix Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kelleher
Italy	"This delivers aromas of oak, espresso and roasted coffee bean that carry over to the palate along with notes of dill and parsley. It lacks fruit richness and has astringent wood tannins that leave a mouth-drying finish."		85	22	Piedmont	Langhe		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Parusso 2012 Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Parusso
US	"Ripe fruit flavors advance from apple to pear to honey as you sniff and sip this wine. It tastes clean and fruity, with a medium body and a smooth texture that allows the fruitiness to linger on the finish."	The Chard	87	15	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cosentino 2013 The Chard Chardonnay (Lodi)	Chardonnay	Cosentino
US	"There's a pleasing snap to this wine, which sends up scents and flavors of peavine and petrol. It's pungent and penetrating, with lime and citrus fruit (from organically-grown grapes) at the core. Drink lightly chilled, now through 2021."		88	20	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Upper Five 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Rogue Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Upper Five
Austria	"Lovely red apple and biscuit notes emanate here to create the perfect balance between fruit and yeasty autolysis. Acidity streamlines the generous, full-fruited body while soft mousse amplifies all the rich, layered apple flavors. The midpalate texture and finish are impressive. This is the full, delicious package and will make a classy apéritif with enough character to accompany delicate, fine cuisine. The length speaks for itself: pure class. Zero dosage."	Blanc de Blancs	93	49	Österreichischer Sekt			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Ebner-Ebenauer 2007 Blanc de Blancs Chardonnay (Österreichischer Sekt)	Chardonnay	Ebner-Ebenauer
France	"While showing sweetness, this wine also manages to retain great freshness. It's delicious, with bright green plum fruitiness as well as weight and richness. It will be a great food wine, but wait until 2018."	Seppi Landmann Zinnkoepflé Grand Cru	93	78	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Rieflé-Landmann 2013 Seppi Landmann Zinnkoepflé Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Rieflé-Landmann
Chile	"Heavily oaked, with aromas of popcorn and sawdust. The palate is a touch resiny, but underneath the oak veneer you'll find some ripe apple flavors. The creamy, long finish leaves a somewhat thick and bulky impression, but there's enough vital acidity to save it."	Concepcion Gran Reserva	85	19	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Francisco Gillmore 1999 Concepcion Gran Reserva Chardonnay (Maule Valley)	Chardonnay	Francisco Gillmore
Argentina	"This pruny smelling Malbec, Cabernet and Petit Verdot blend hits with a thud. Stewy and overripe, this tastes raisiny and like little else. Similar on the finish."	Estate Black Edition	84	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Doña Paula 2013 Estate Black Edition Red (Mendoza)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Doña Paula
Argentina	"Standard all the way, but isn't that what we want from a $9 wine? The nose offers raspberry and strawberry aromas, while the flavors are generic but familiar, with a lean toward cherry and berry. Solid on the finish, and fairly intense as a whole. Imported by Clock Tower Imports."		86	9	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cruz Alta 2009 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Cruz Alta
Chile	"This is fleshy and dilute up front, then heavy and globular in feel. Pickled melon and vegetal stone-fruit flavors finish weak."		80	11	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Rai 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Rai
Chile	"Toasty, minty and sweet smelling. The palate is dark, full and choppy feeling, with cola, coconut, mint, blackberry and cassis flavors. There's good power and depth to this Malbec; a bit rough and herbal at the finish line."	Orzada	88	20	Lontué Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Odfjell 2009 Orzada Malbec (Lontué Valley)	Malbec	Odfjell
France	"Fruity and attractively wood aged, this is soft and round, with a bright edge of acidity that brings out the taut, refreshing finish."		85	16	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Albert Bichot 2010  Bourgogne	Chardonnay	Albert Bichot
US	"A fantastic Sauvignon Blanc. Tastes as fresh and vibrant as a young wine can, with exuberant flavors of pineapples, green apples, cloves, vanilla and cinnamon that are wrapped into a rich, creamy texture. Crisp acidity makes the wine brilliantly clean. With the exception of the '04, an off-vintage, this bottling has been wonderfully consistent."	Redwood Ranch	90	25	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Gary Farrell 2007 Redwood Ranch Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Gary Farrell
US	"Soft and sweetly gentle, this Syrah has easy flavors of cherries, currants, anise, bacon and pepper. It's a silky wine, with some complexity, and made for drinking now."		87	24	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Novy 2009 Syrah (Russian River Valley)	Syrah	Novy
Italy	"This beautiful blend of Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon opens with bold intensity and personality. Yes, this is a plush and modern wine, but it is also unforgettably delicious. Bright cherry and blackberry are backed by chocolate, spice, leather and pipe tobacco."	Biserno	95	180	Tuscany	Toscana				Tenuta di Biserno 2009 Biserno Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta di Biserno
France	"Named after one of the Three Musketeers, this is a simple, rounded but dense wine, with hints of dry fruit topped by rounded, soft, black flavors. A great value, it has open flavors with spice and a juicy, smoky aftertaste."	Aramis Tannat Cabernet	86	9	Southwest France	Vin de Pays du Comté Tolosan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Aydie 2006 Aramis Tannat Cabernet Red (Vin de Pays du Comté Tolosan)	Red Blend	Château d'Aydie
US	"This bottling, which is balanced by 16% Cabernet Franc and 9% Merlot, rides the savory edge of the grape, with aromas of underbrush and dried herbs giving depth to the black-olive and black-currant aromas. The palate offers a mix of red and darker fruits, including cranberry, plum and blackberry, with touches of thyme and anise."	Reserve	92	84	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chateau Margene 2014 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Margene
US	"Lawn cuttings and pea shoots come to mind in this lively white that's spritzy in acidity and freshness. Lemon peel and pineapple define the flavor profile, a mix of tangy and tropical."		87	30	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Okapi 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Oak Knoll District)	Sauvignon Blanc	Okapi
US	"Few Cabernets in the world are this ripe. It floods the mouth with sweet, soft blackberry and cherry flavors, complicated with notes of currant, oak and a spicy, exotic hint of plum sauce. You can taste the California sun in every sip. Drink it now for its fruit."		90	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Mario Bazán 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mario Bazán
France	"A structured wine that is also full of ripe fruit. Its red-berry fruits are encased in the tannins that still need to soften. The wine will be generous, full of berry flavors and with a dense texture. Drink this big wine from 2024."	Les Grèves Premier Cru	94	75	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Claude Boisset 2015 Les Grèves Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Jean-Claude Boisset
US	"This is a well-balanced wine. Peppery and earthy aromas lead to cherry and raspberry flavors, a smooth texture and medium body. Owner Sam Sebastiani uses 65% Zinfandel, 30% Primitivo (legally the same as Zinfandel) and 5% Barbera."	Reserve Fra Paolo	86	29	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	La Chertosa 2013 Reserve Fra Paolo Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	La Chertosa
US	"Thick, rich and ripe in vanilla, the American oak in this wine is pronounced and intense, wrapping itself around notes of candied apple and toffee-caramel."	Barrel Select American Oak Reserve	87	34	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Roche 2013 Barrel Select American Oak Reserve Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Roche
Austria	"Regarded as a Styrian Grand Cru, the Kranachberg produces landmark Sauvignon Blanc. In the hands of Wilhelm Sattler, the richness of the fruit, with its almost tropical spice element, is tinged with elegance as well as great concentration. There is a fresh, racy aftertaste."	Kranachberg	93	45	Südsteiermark			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Sattlerhof 2008 Kranachberg Sauvignon Blanc (Südsteiermark)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sattlerhof
New Zealand	"This medium-bodied, succulent wine blends three varieties into a complex and harmonious whole. Melon, stone fruit and grapefruit flavors are tinged with hints of peppery-gingery spice, then end long and mouthwatering."	Tangle Estate Grown Organic Pinot Gris-Gewurztraminer-Riesling	90	16	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Hunky Dory 2016 Tangle Estate Grown Organic Pinot Gris-Gewurztraminer-Riesling White (Marlborough)	White Blend	Hunky Dory
US	"The highly anticipated best barrel blend from this pioneering Syrah producer offers bright blueberry and black currant aromas, enlivened by white pepper, lavender, milk chocolate and caramel. Violet floral notes power the attack, followed by waves of ripe purple fruit and cola, sarsaparilla and cocoa flavors. It's a crowd-pleaser: sultry and lush yet intensely focused."	Upslope	93	75	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Jaffurs 2013 Upslope Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Jaffurs
US	"Syrah makes up three-quarters of this wine with Grenache (20%) and Syrah accounting for the rest. It's fragrant with aromas of raspberry, cherry, herb and allspice that lead to plush, downright jammy fruit flavors that still show a deft touch."	Mustang	88	25	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Airfield Estates 2013 Mustang Red (Yakima Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Airfield Estates
US	"A problematic wine, although not without its virtues. Made from Mourvèdre, Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault, it's too soft in structure and too sweet, and there's a vegetable, mushroomy taste to the raspberries."	Version Anna's Vineyard	82	36	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Adelaida 2010 Version Anna's Vineyard Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Adelaida
Chile	"On the plump but balanced side, with a perfumed nose that's almost sweet for SB. In the mouth, it's fairly lively and lifted, with nectarine and melon flavors that morph into pink grapefruit on the finish. Decent quality; will get the job done."	Estate Selection	85	13	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2008 Estate Selection Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Aresti
US	"You might want to age this for a couple years, because it's a little tough in tannins, more so than you might expect from a Napa Merlot. But it's very rich in cherry, red currant, green olive and oak flavors."		88	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Stag's Leap Wine Cellars 2007 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Stag's Leap Wine Cellars
Morocco	"Deep garnet to the eye, this wine offers a nose of black cherry, cassis and butterscotch. It is a soft and easy-drinking red, with flavors of tart cherry, cranberry, white chocolate and pencil lead. Surprisingly deft tannins float on the palate into a bright pomegranate finish."		90	18	Zenata			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Ouled Thaleb 2013 Syrah (Zenata)	Syrah	Ouled Thaleb
Italy	"This Amarone shows dominant oak and vanilla on the nose, along with prune and licorice notes. The palate is also dominated by oak, vanilla and toasted notes, along with black fruit and alcoholic warmth. Overall, it's a bit dense, and while it lacks finesse, it is rich and does have its own charm."	Campedel	89	70	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Gamba Gnirega 2009 Campedel  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Gamba Gnirega
US	"Give this wine credit for dryness, crisp acidity and intensity. It's rich and strong in sour black cherry candy, cola, bitter dark chocolate and herb flavors. It's also very tannic, so much so that it's practically undrinkable now. Give it 4–5 years in the bottle, decant, and drink with beef or lamb."	Estate Grown	87	42	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Grgich Hills 2008 Estate Grown Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Grgich Hills
Italy	"The Tasca family shows a deft hand with Cabernet Sauvignon, and has worked hard to match this international variety to the unique Sicilian territory. This beautiful vintage opens with nicely ripened dark fruit, cola, root beer, cured meat and Teriyaki sauce. The wine's texture is polished, smooth and firm."	Tenuta Regaleali	91	50	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Tasca d'Almerita 2008 Tenuta Regaleali Cabernet Sauvignon (Sicilia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tasca d'Almerita
Germany	"Dusty, stony minerality penetrates from start to finish on this dry, full-bodied Riesling. The palate is austere in flavor with bristling notes of lemon pith and dried herbs, but the mouthfeel is rich and round with a luscious mineral-oil viscosity."	Zeltinger Sonnenuhr Spätlese Dry	89	32	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Markus Molitor 2010 Zeltinger Sonnenuhr Spätlese Dry Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Markus Molitor
US	"From a little-used San Luis Obispo County appellation, a simple wine with little to recommend it beyond cleanliness and some berry flavors. Fully dry, it has silky tannins and some firm acids."	Stephen's	83	28	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast			York Mountain Winery 2000 Stephen's Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	York Mountain Winery
US	"Deep penetrating sour-cherry and raspberry flavors are balanced against brisk blood-orange acidity in this dry Pinot Noir rosé. Full bodied and slightly silky on the palate, it's a satisfyingly mouthfilling but invigorating wine to enjoy now through the fall months."	Dry	90	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Damiani 2016 Dry Rosé (Finger Lakes)	Rosé	Damiani
Spain	"This single-vineyard beauty continues its run of excellence. The '07 is dense, toasty and powerful, with bacon, vanilla, cigar box and wild berry aromas that set up a strong-boned, fully structured palate overflowing with dark cherry, boysenberry, tobacco and sweet vanilla flavors. Needs time; drink from 2012 through 2022."	Amancio	94	174	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sierra Cantabria 2007 Amancio  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Sierra Cantabria
US	"An astonishing wine, creamy and loaded with lush fruit flavors. The tropical fruits are just the beginning; layer upon layer of marshmallow, whipped cream, brioche, butterscotch, buttered nuts, toast and more keep piling on. With all that richness, it remains a billowy, pillowy Chardonnay, light as a feather, yet deep and dreamy."	Sigrid	95	80	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bergström 2009 Sigrid Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Bergström
Chile	"Punchy aromas of grapefruit and jalapeño form the greeting on this lean but refreshing wine. A straightforward palate offers zesty acidity, while flavors of white pepper, sea salt, grapefruit and lime lead straight through the finish."	Reserva Leyda Estate	87	12	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2017 Reserva Leyda Estate Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Carolina
US	"From the Oak Knoll District and estate-grown fruit, this 100% varietal wine has a substantial amount of vanilla and cherry at its heart. Medium bodied, structured and soft, it retains fine-grained tannins that should mellow in the cellar, through 2022."	Wulff Vineyards	92	58	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lobo 2012 Wulff Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lobo
Spain	"Closed and funky out of the bottle, but time allows the wine to round into form. As it does that, oak and coffee aromas emerge from the schisty bouquet, while the palate is mocha-infused and loaded with dark, masculine fruit. Arguably a little woody and resiny, but there's no challenging the wine's power, integrity and Priorat character."		89	45	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ferrer Bobet 2005 Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Ferrer Bobet
Argentina	"Brushy aromas of wild herbs along with cherry and plum scents feed into a fresh, fairly full palate. This is generously oaked for basic Malbec, and thus spice and resin notes share the stage with plum and blackberry flavors. A dry, spicy, resiny finish is the close."	Reserva	87	13	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kaiken 2012 Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Kaiken
France	"This is a domaine wine, coming from one of the vineyards owned by Olivier Leflaive and worked biodynamically. It is a very fine wine from probably the most well-known premier cru in the village. With its rich acidity and white fruits, it is generous as well as crisply textured. The toast from the wood aging adds its juicy character to this impressive wine. Drink from 2019."	Les Folatières Premier Cru	94	185	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Olivier Leflaive 2014 Les Folatières Premier Cru  (Puligny-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Olivier Leflaive
France	"There is a touch of gold to the color of this fine, full-bodied wine that shows a light touch of sweetness. Rich lemon and honey flavors are cut with grapefruit acidity to give a taut, wonderfully crisp wine. Age for another 3–4 years."	Pfersigberg Grand Cru	92	48	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Emile Beyer 2010 Pfersigberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Emile Beyer
Italy	"Lively and straightforward, this opens with aromas of red berry, moist earth and a hint of chopped herb. The tart, easygoing palate offers juicy Marasca cherry and a dash of white pepper alongside zesty acidity."		87	19	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Carpineto 2014  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Carpineto
US	"Made from mostly Pinot Noir grapes, with an addition of 8.8% Chardonnay, this Méthode Champenoise wine is sultry in raspberry cream and crème brûlée, with enough acidity to keep it fresh in the glass. The finish offers a taste of toast with ginger jam."	Sonoma Brut	92	22	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gloria Ferrer NV Sonoma Brut Sparkling (Sonoma County)	Sparkling Blend	Gloria Ferrer
Chile	"Earthy, rustic aromas of tree bark and herbal berry fruits set up a fresh, fairly aggressive palate. Simple berry flavors are backed by chocolate and oaky char, while the finish is peppery and feels a bit hot."	Reserva Espiritu de Los Andes Estate Bottled	85	12	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alicia 2014 Reserva Espiritu de Los Andes Estate Bottled Malbec (Maipo Valley)	Malbec	Santa Alicia
France	"Structured, tight and mineral, this wine comes from a selection of old vines in a northwest-facing vineyard on the Rimauresq estate. It offers a tang, along with a firm structure and concentration. A fruitier aftertaste will show through more strongly by late 2016."	R de Rimauresq	92	25	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Rimauresq 2015 R de Rimauresq Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Rimauresq
New Zealand	"Light in body and frankly a little skinny, this is nevertheless a pretty wine, its tannic structure of skillfully woven silk. Subtle cherry and sous bois notes aren't overly powerful, but persist nicely on the finish. Drink now."	Tom's Block	86	28	Nelson			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Neudorf 2008 Tom's Block Pinot Noir (Nelson)	Pinot Noir	Neudorf
US	"Made in an earthier style. Not that there aren't exuberant flavors of apples, pears and peaches, but they're conjoined with notes of tobacco and herbs. Not especially oaky, but the smoke and vanilla complexities are just right."		86	18	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Handley 2001 Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Handley
Germany	"Lime and gooseberry are gilded with candle wax and smoky minerals in this bracing dry Riesling. Lemon and tart tangerine flavors drench the palate, leaving a honed, steely focus on the finish."	Trocken	91	19	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Thörle 2013 Trocken Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Thörle
US	"Softly appealing, this Syrah shows lush flavors of black currants, mocha and sweet halvah, although it's dry. The tannins are lush and refined."	Obsidian Ridge Vineyard	85	28	California	Red Hills Lake County				Obsidian Ridge 2006 Obsidian Ridge Vineyard Syrah (Red Hills Lake County)	Syrah	Obsidian Ridge
US	"Compelling aromatics vault it into rarefied company, a riot of black cherry, pepper, graphite and cigar box. The fruit is immaculate and aging for almost a year in one-third new French oak polishes it perfectly. The finish has grip, length and power."		92	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ponzi 2013 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ponzi
US	"Ripe and voluptuous, with very rich, long-lasting berry, cherry, mocha and spice flavors, liberally oaked and wrapped into fine, sturdy tannins. Lacks a bit of complexity, but otherwise a beautiful Merlot that trades on the variety's opulently fleshy sensuality."		90	35	California	Bennett Valley	Sonoma			Matanzas Creek 2006 Merlot (Bennett Valley)	Merlot	Matanzas Creek
US	"This delicate Pinot Noir might leave you wishing for a boost in power, concentration and depth. Nevertheless, this wine is quaffable and bright, with red cherry notes that lead to a refreshing, brisk finish."	Sunrise Hill Vineyard	84	26	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Damiani 2011 Sunrise Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Damiani
US	"Made in a lighter, slightly more rustic and less ripe manner, with herb-infused black currant and licorice flavors. A vigorous young 100% Cab elaborated with plenty of new oak. Drink now through 2013."	Estate Bottled	89	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Casa Nuestra 2005 Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Casa Nuestra
France	"This wine epitomizes the lush ripeness of the 2009 vintage, yet does so without going over the top into dried fruit. Instead, it delivers brandied cherries spiced with cinnamon and clove, plus a touch of chocolate. It's full bodied and maybe just a bit warm, but the long finish is textured like fine suede. Drink now–2020."	Vieilles Vignes	92	42	Rhône Valley	Vacqueyras		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Tardieu-Laurent 2009 Vieilles Vignes Red (Vacqueyras)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Tardieu-Laurent
US	"Enticingly nutty on the nose, with hints of smoke, yeast and apricot kernel, this 2003 vintage bottling from Swedish Hill shows promising signs of development. While fairly aggressive on the attack, it's clean and lemony on the palate, with a softly saline, sea breeze note on the finish."	Brut	86	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Swedish Hill 2003 Brut Sparkling (Finger Lakes)	Sparkling Blend	Swedish Hill
France	"Spicy, toasty wine, the fruit tropically rich. The texture is dense, the acidity important but not dominant. Delicious wine, now maturing well."	Vieilles Vignes	91	27	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Collovray et Terrier 2007 Vieilles Vignes  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Collovray et Terrier
Chile	"Light citrus, green herb and nettle aromas are just what you'd expect from Leyda SB, and the palate has a plump, easy feel along with fresh flavors of melon, tangerine and nectarine. More round than linear, with good length and clarity."	Reserva	87	10	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2009 Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Carolina
Italy	"There's just something about this 50-50 Sangiovese-Merlot blend that makes it absolutely irresistible. The fullness, the harmony, the intensity of aromas and the long, fruity persistency on the finish work together to produce one of the great modern super Tuscans."	Castello di Fonterutoli Siepi	94	99	Tuscany	Toscana				Mazzei 2004 Castello di Fonterutoli Siepi Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Mazzei
Chile	"Rusty in color, gritty, earthy aromas of mushroom open the aromas of this solid feeling Pinot. The modest acidity makes the palate seem a bit flat, while baked—slightly burnt—flavors of peppered berry fruits finish modest and dry in feel."	Duette Premium	86	18	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Indomita 2014 Duette Premium Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Indomita
Israel	"Aromas of blueberry, cherry and anise yield on the palate to flavors of cherry, blackberry, eucalyptus and black pepper. Smooth tannins appear early on and endure into a pleasing finish that is interspersed with bright and spicy notes."	Reserve	90	40	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Bazelet HaGolan 2011 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bazelet HaGolan
US	"The nose of this bottling from one of Temecula's most reliable producers is pretty but not terribly complex, with crushed purple flower, blackberry jelly, coffee and elderflower aromas. The palate shows Concord grape fruit flavors and a gravel-driven minerality."	Sophia's Vineyard	87	52	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Palumbo Family Vineyards 2013 Sophia's Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Temecula Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Palumbo Family Vineyards
Germany	"This TBA shows an incredible likeness to Earl Grey tea, sweetened with honey and made subtly even more complex through the inclusion of dried stone fruits. It's rich and concentrated, not just sugary, but could use just a tiny bit more acidity to completely balance the finish. A decade or two of cellaring should see a more balanced wine in the end."	Erbacher Marcobrunn Trockenbeerenauslese	93	500	Rheingau			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Schloss Reinhartshausen 2006 Erbacher Marcobrunn Trockenbeerenauslese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Schloss Reinhartshausen
Spain	"Deep and dark on the nose, with licorice, cola and prune aromas. The palate is chunky and full, albeit a touch soft. Saturated flavors of cola, blackberry and chocolate define it as a rich, modern wine, and the finish is appropriately creamy and stacked with sweetness and depth. A lush blend of Garnacha, Cabernet and two indigenous varieties. Drink now through 2011."	Negre	90	20	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Jaspi 2008 Negre Red (Montsant)	Red Blend	Jaspi
Italy	"Structured and elegant, it opens with a fruit fragrance of black plum, wild berries and prune accentuated with hints of leather, tilled soil and spice. The juicy palate delivers wild cherry layered with cinnamon, white pepper and carob alongside big, velvety tannins. Delicious now, it will also develop complexity. Drink now–2022."	Poggio Doria	93	148	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenute Silvio Nardi 2007 Poggio Doria  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Tenute Silvio Nardi
Portugal	"This fruity wine is made to be drunk young. It has soft tannins, perfumed blackberry fruit and just enough acidity. Smoothly textured, it's a great barbecue-style of red. The wine is named after the vineyard rather than after the literal Portuguese meaning of “scantily dressed.” Drink now."	Pouca Roupa Tinto	86	13	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2015 Pouca Roupa Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
Italy	"Made of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Canaiolo and 10% Malvasia Bianca, this opens with red-skinned fruit and an earthy underbrush aromas. The fresh, straightforward palate evokes red cherry and chopped herb, framed by smooth tannins. Enjoy soon."	Vegante	87	16	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Sensi 2015 Vegante  (Chianti)	Red Blend	Sensi
US	"It's difficult to find the aromas of apple, pear and jasmine. This drinks off dry with nicely balanced acids."		86	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Revelry 2014 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Revelry
France	"For a Lalande de Pomerol this wine has a high proportion (30%) of Cabernet Franc, giving a structure that shapes the ripe Merlot. It's juicy with black plums and has a core of dry tannins. Drink from 2018."		90	36	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tournefeuille 2013  Lalande de Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tournefeuille
Chile	"From the earthquake-plagued harvest, which was also very cool by Chilean standards, this has notes of iodine, candied berry, and bramble. The feel is pointed and snappy, with earthy, funky red-berry flavors. It's zesty on the finish."	Corralillo	85	28	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matetic 2010 Corralillo Syrah (San Antonio)	Syrah	Matetic
US	"New oak brings vanilla bean and buttered toast flavors to the raspberries, cherries and blackberries. The acidity is soft and so are the tannins, resulting in an easy Cab for drinking now."		86	32	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Tin Barn 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tin Barn
Argentina	"Black cherry, blackberry and marzipan aromas are full, lusty and inviting. This has a chewy, full-bodied and layered mouthfeel to go with the dark-fruit flavors that are aided by spice notes. A peppery chocolaty finish is solid, ripe and friendly. Drink through 2020."	Reserva	91	16	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Fabre Montmayou 2014 Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Fabre Montmayou
US	"Baked red cherry, vanilla, cola and sarsaparilla show on the nose of this very approachable bottling by Adam Lee. There is a light touch of licorice to the sip, with strawberry and red-plum flavors as well as more complex touches of tea leaf and candied raspberry."	Rosella's Vineyard	91	60	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Siduri 2015 Rosella's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
France	"This is aromatic, with ripeness that balances the bright green and white fruits. Wood and spice notes are followed by a touch of lemon jelly and minerally acidity. It's a wine that is still developing, waiting for the ripe fruit of the vintage to surface."	Clos St-Jean Premier Cru	91	65	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri de Villamont 2009 Clos St-Jean Premier Cru  (Chassagne-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Henri de Villamont
Chile	"A touch oily on the nose but that's balanced by tropical fruit, pear and apple aromas. The palate has a chunky feel and weight to it along with melon and apple flavors. And it finishes the same, rounding out an inoffensive, standard package."	Estate Selection	85	11	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2009 Estate Selection Chardonnay (Curicó Valley)	Chardonnay	Aresti
US	"Some sandalwood incense elevates the nose. In the mouth there is little varietal character, though the Sangiovese is unblended. Tart, chewy, acidic and light, with plenty of acid."		84	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	RiverAerie 2008 Sangiovese (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	RiverAerie
Chile	"Rubbery dark-fruit aromas are surrounded by hints of olive, minerals and spice. This feels round as well as fair and balanced; flavors of loamy blackberry are smooth and come with chocolate notes. Coffee, spice and herbal flavors work the finish."	Antiguas Reservas	89	17	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cousiño-Macul 2011 Antiguas Reservas Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cousiño-Macul
US	"A smooth texture and ripe, inviting black cherry flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to drink and enjoy. Light spicy accents give it extra interest and moderate tannins help build the suave mouthfeel."		87	15	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Rickshaw 2014 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Rickshaw
Italy	"Part of the orange wine movement, this literally does open with a brown, bordering on orange color. Suspended particles give it a cloudy appearance and the mouthfeel is immensely spicy and bright, with lemon zest, nutmeg, chestnut and honey notes."	MunJebel 8	83	32	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna				Frank Cornelissen NV MunJebel 8  (Etna)	White Blend	Frank Cornelissen
US	"This light-bodied wine has an earthy, peppery aroma and mild herb and plum flavors."		84	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	La Catrina NV Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	La Catrina
Argentina	"This opens with persuasive aromas of wild berry and cassis before cola and leather notes enter. It's a powerfully built Malbec with bright acidity, strong bones and pure, bold flavors of blackberry and black cherry. This is youthful and more fruit focused than the oakier DJN 2006 Reserva Malbec."	Don Juan Nahuel	92	32	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cielo y Tierra 2007 Don Juan Nahuel Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Cielo y Tierra
US	"Just out, this is quite young and tart, tightly wound with green apple and green pear fruit. It's the sort of wine that may well improve considerably with an extra year in bottle. A light touch of cinnamon comes up in the aftertaste."		87	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Portlandia 2015 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Portlandia
France	"This green, intensely herbaceous wine comes from Sauvignon Blanc and Colombard vines growing on sandy soil. It is full of lemon and grapefruit flavors that give the wine a tight, almost steely texture. It should be drunk from the end of 2015."	Ballade Blanc	85	11	Southwest France	Côtes de Gascogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Ballade 2014 Ballade Blanc White (Côtes de Gascogne)	White Blend	Domaine de Ballade
France	"This is a light bright wine, full of forward fruitiness. The tangy edge of minerality gives the wine a pleasing texture. Citrus fruits support this texture with their zest and acidity. The wine is ready to drink."		85	13	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Paul Buisse 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Touraine)	Sauvignon Blanc	Paul Buisse
US	"The inviting scents of melting butter on hot dinner rolls and vanilla-lemon custard ensure a rich wine, and the palate delivers with caramelized apples, dominant oak and more vanilla on the finish. It is balanced out with mustardy tartness and lemon rind acidity."	Black Cap Reserve	89	48	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Blackjack 2012 Black Cap Reserve Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Blackjack
France	"This wine with its tight black-currant character, is still also firm with tannins. It has a juicy edge that will develop well as the wine matures. With crisp acidity and structure, it should age. Drink from 2018."		87	29	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Méric 2014  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Méric
US	"Assertive and delicious, this light-bodied and dry wine has dramatic aromas of wood smoke, wet stones and even diesel. Those are classic for the German grape varieties from which it was made, as are the light peach and white pepper flavors that ride an elegant texture and slightly sweet balance."	Nativo	90	19	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Markus Wine Co 2014 Nativo White (Lodi)	White Blend	Markus Wine Co
Argentina	"Rough, edgy, medicinal red-fruit aromas are highly herbal and jammy. This tastes weedy and green, while the finish is minty and medicinal, with a horsey aftertaste."	Finca Los Primos	82	12	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2015 Finca Los Primos Cabernet Sauvignon	Cabernet Sauvignon	Valentin Bianchi
Italy	"This classic Barolo reveals ripe dark fruit and earth aromas, and hints of orange peel and herbs. The palate is still closed, but you can detect ripe fruit, spice and mint notes. It has bracing but fine tannins, and promises to open up in a few more years."	Rocchettevino	91	65	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ciabot Berton 2009 Rocchettevino  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ciabot Berton
Argentina	"Woody and baked up front, its cooked, rubbery aromas setting set up a surprisingly sheer and sharp palate that's short on substance and balance. Tastes generic, with linear acidity resulting in little cushion or mouthfeel."	Pizzella Family Vineyard	82	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Posta 2009 Pizzella Family Vineyard Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	La Posta
Spain	"Crisp, natural and lightly salinic on the nose, with medium weight, good freshness and solid peach and citrus flavors. This is a standard but nicely done Rioja rosé with a pithy finish and just the right edge to it. Drink liberally with appetizers and you shouldn't go wrong."		87	9	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Cáceres 2009 Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Marqués de Cáceres
Italy	"Berry, menthol and a hint of espresso aromas lead the way while the straightforward palate shows mature black-skinned berry, coffee and a hint of licorice. It's already approachable. Drink through 2020."		87	35	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Borgogno F.lli Serio e Battista 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Borgogno F.lli Serio e Battista
New Zealand	"Unlike Marisco's 2015 The Ned Late Harvest, this is a botrytis-affected wine, featuring a darker color and more complex flavors. The aromas suggest Earl Grey tea and honey; the flavors resemble caramel-drizzled orange segments. A slightly bitter citrus-pith note marks the finish, providing balance."	A Sticky End Late Harvest Waihopai	91	23	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Marisco Vineyards 2014 A Sticky End Late Harvest Waihopai Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Marisco Vineyards
US	"Sweet buttered toast, vanilla, pineapple jam and cinnamon spice flavors mark this simple little Chardonnay. It's made in the popular style that's delicious at first, and then palls."	Nicky Hahn	84	12	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Hahn 2010 Nicky Hahn Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Hahn
Argentina	"Loamy berry aromas smell a bit like wet clay and earth. This is fairly well structured, with grippy tannins. Baked, savory, oaky berry flavors finish with wood spice, clove and light herbal notes."	Broquel	88	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trapiche 2014 Broquel Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Trapiche
New Zealand	"Not only does this wine show off some attractive floral notes, it also delivers that supple texture so desired in Pinot Noir. Mocha, herb and black cherry notes all make appearances, but the fruit dominates, gliding into a long, silky finish. Drink now–2017."		91	39	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Greywacke 2011 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Greywacke
US	"This wine starts out lightly reductive, providing initial distraction from the aromas of pear, lees and spice. The palate is medium bodied, with a creamy, generous feel."		88	28	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Board Track Racer 2015 Chardonnay (Yakima Valley)	Chardonnay	Board Track Racer
US	"Very fruity, fresh and easy to enjoy, this has the smoothness of barrel age but little overt oak flavor. It features bright red cherry and raspberry aromas, juicy berry flavors and a texture with just enough bite to be appetizing."		88	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Avalon 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Avalon
US	"Strawberry and thyme show strongly on the nose of this bottling, as does a slate minerality and violet florality. It's soft and lush on the palate with dried strawberry, plum, black raspberry and a vanilla richness, but the wet-slate earthiness shines throughout."	Partners' Reserve Library Selection	91	56	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Soquel Vineyards 2013 Partners' Reserve Library Selection Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Soquel Vineyards
US	"One of a pair of single-vineyard, reserve-level Chardonnays, this seamlessly pulls together yellow apple, lemon panna cotta, white pepper and a suggestion of wet rock. Located in the Chehalem Mountains AVA, Aurora fruit is fermented with wild yeast all the way through malolactic, and aged in one-third new and two-thirds neutral French oak. The wild yeast adds detail and texture, and the wine makes a soft, buttery, graceful, prolonged exit."	Aurora Vineyard	94	60	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ponzi 2013 Aurora Vineyard Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Ponzi
France	"Vines with an average age of 30 years give this wine good intensity that balances the firm, dark tannins. It's a powerful, concentrated Merlot-based wine, big and generous. Ripe plums and berries show strongly through the tannic structure. Give this wine until 2017 before drinking."	Cuvée des Capucins	91	20	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château des Arnauds 2012 Cuvée des Capucins  (Lalande de Pomerol)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château des Arnauds
US	"Reserved green apple, lees, flower and mineral aromas lead to off-dry green apple and stone fruit flavors. The acidity gives the palate some snap."	Underwood Mountain Vineyard	89	21	Washington	Columbia Gorge (WA)	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Savage Grace 2014 Underwood Mountain Vineyard Riesling (Columbia Gorge (WA))	Riesling	Savage Grace
France	"The wine, with 70% Merlot in the blend, is soft with gentle open tannins. It has an attractive perfumed edge. It's a light wine, fruity and ready to drink."		87	18	Bordeaux	Montagne-Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Croix de Mission 2013  Montagne-Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Croix de Mission
Spain	"The aromas are a bit too prickly and pickled to call the nose clean, and thus the wine never really achieves solid footing. The raspberry and strawberry fruit is there, but it's marred by sharp, pickled accents, which ultimately don't work in its favor. The feel is nice, as the acidity and tannins are proper. But with too much funk to the nose and palate, it misses the upper echelon."	Crianza	84	10	Northern Spain	Cigales		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Legua 1999 Crianza Tempranillo (Cigales)	Tempranillo	La Legua
France	"This is a bright, ripe and fruity wine. With its red fruits, gentle tannins and juicy acidity, everything is in place for an early drinking and food friendly wine. Ready from late 2017."		87	18	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Petite Sirène 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Petite Sirène
US	"Give this Cabernet high marks for sheer lusciousness. It's ripe in blackberries, black cherries and currants, with a veneer of sweet oak. Not a longterm ager, so drink over the next five years."		90	65	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Frias 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Spring Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frias
Argentina	"This charred specimen smells resiny and of blackened oak, with grapy berry scents thrown in. In the mouth, this is rock solid and balanced. Heavily oaked resiny flavors rest on top of core blackberry fruit, while this shows woody dry tannins and salty baked berry flavors on the finish."	Reserva	91	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alma de los Andes 2013 Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Alma de los Andes
US	"This wine is predominantly Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, with pinches of Syrah and Cabernet Franc blended in. Baking spice, cocoa and berry aromas lead to a layered cherry flavors that show intensity and persistence."	Stella Maris	91	29	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Northstar 2012 Stella Maris Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Northstar
US	"Juicy pineapple, mango and citrus notes lend a tropical feel to this penetrating, yet light bodied, Pinot Gris. Off dry in style, it's dancingly light on its feet, with a revitalizing shower of acidity that lingers through the finish."	White Birch Vineyards	88	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Atwater 2013 White Birch Vineyards Pinot Gris (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Gris	Atwater
	"Dry spicy aromas of dusty plum and tomato add up to a good whole. This Cab is crisp and alert on the palate, with popping acidity that creates some sharpness. Earthy and spicy currant and red-plum flavors finish direct and juicy."	Reserve	89	22				Michael Schachner	@wineschach	El Capricho 2015 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon	Cabernet Sauvignon	El Capricho
Spain	"An attractive, ripe wine that pushes up against raisiny but then draws back to focus on blackberry, licorice and other dark aromas and flavors. Very good weight and mouthfeel, with nice balance supporting ripe berry, cola and mild chocolate flavors. Finishes lush and warm. Drink now through 2011."	Crianza	90	30	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Torremilanos 2005 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Finca Torremilanos
Chile	"Spicy, briary cassis and wild berry aromas come with notes of mountain herbs. As per usual, Casa Real 2013 is in great shape; the palate is lush and cushioned but stern and balanced. Spicy cassis, plum and oaky flavors finish with a mix of wood spice and dried-fruit notes. Drink through 2026."	Casa Real Estate Bottled	93	85	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2013 Casa Real Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Rita
Portugal	"Rich with strawberry fruitiness, the wine also has a good fresh touch. It's a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, giving a warm, ripe and fruity aftertaste."		85	11	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade de Medeiros 2013 Rosé (Alentejano)	Rosé	Herdade de Medeiros
US	"Starts out very full-bodied and rich, almost too heavy for Pinot Noir. Then the acids kick in to accent the silky texture, and you know it's a ripe, ageable Pinot Noir. With deep flavors of raspberries, cherries, red currants, licorice, cocoa and peppery spices, it should develop well over the next 4–6 years."	Estate	92	42	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			McIntyre Vineyards 2007 Estate Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	McIntyre Vineyards
US	"Roughly three-fifths Merlot and two-fifths Cabernet, this well-made red has thick, supple, generous fruit. It seems to have been aged in a hefty amount of new oak, but it balances the fruit and and spice well. Look for plum, black cherry, smoke and toast notes on the full, round palate."	Estate Red	90	29	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Golden Ridge 2009 Estate Red Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Golden Ridge
US	"Readily likeable, with a nose of summer fruit soup layered over notes of field greens. The texture is lazy, with moderate acidity and almost no tannin. Try with ribs in a sweet barbecue sauce. Drink now."	Mason Vineyard	84	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes			Glenora 2007 Mason Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Glenora
Portugal	"Dominated by Tinta Roriz, this smooth, red fruited wine is ripe on the palate. Tannins come from wood aging as much as the ripe strawberry and red currant fruits. It has a smoky finish that is laced with acidity."	Tinta Boa	86	15	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Casaboa 2012 Tinta Boa Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Quinta da Casaboa
US	"Varietal bottlings of Sangiovese are an extreme rarity in this appellation, yet this wine makes its case for more. It shows aromas of herbs, cigar box, mocha, plum and raspberry jam. Flavors convey purity and concentration, with the tannins providing a lightly chalky feel."		91	25	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Foundry Vineyards 2012 Sangiovese (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Foundry Vineyards
Portugal	"Earthy aromas set off a wine that is still very firm and dry. It's powerful, dense with tannins and big, ripe fruits. Everything is exaggerated, giving a wine that's missing elegance, although one that packs an impressive punch. Drink from 2016."	Grande Reserva	90	35	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Rede 2009 Grande Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta da Rede
Argentina	"Bold, aggressive aromas of shoe polish, grainy oak, campfire and heat lead to a grabby, wide palate with sweet flavors of candied fruit and marshmallow. There's a lot of superficiality here, particular oak, but there's also legitimate Malbec fruit and character that make it worthwhile."	Estate	85	16	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Doña Paula 2008 Estate Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Doña Paula
US	"Light and chocolaty, this carries a strong and distinctive scent and flavor of cinnamon spice. On the palate, the flavors suggest strawberries, with a quick-to-fade finish."	Anna Maria	85	24	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Valley View 2008 Anna Maria Tempranillo (Applegate Valley)	Tempranillo	Valley View
Spain	"Dusty black cherry and raspberry aromas are true to the variety, and the buttery quality on the palate adds weight and vanilla to the berry and cassis flavors. Overall this is a structured, fairly oaky wine with firm tannins and a toasty finish. Will go well with steak."	Estate Bottled	88	45	Central Spain	Dominio de Valdepusa		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marques de Griñon 2003 Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Dominio de Valdepusa)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Marques de Griñon
Italy	"This opens with nutty aromas that eventually reveal subdued notes of fruit and spice. The palate is lean, with walnut flavors and hints of dried cherry and nutmeg. It lacks fruit richness and has a bitter finish."	Brolese Rosé Extra Brut	86	29	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Crespia NV Brolese Rosé Extra Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Villa Crespia
US	"A staple of California winemaking, this vintage is as good as ever—perfectly polished, with light aromas of toasted oak and crisp green apple, lemon-lime and tempting butter flavors, and a medium-bodied frame. The texture is silky smooth, and everything tastes harmonious and balanced."	Vintner's Reserve	91	17	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Kendall-Jackson 2015 Vintner's Reserve Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Kendall-Jackson
US	"Shows plenty of finesse in the dry, minerally profile, and the crisp acidity that makes the finish clean and savory. Could be a bit richer, but the pineapple and lemon candy flavors satisfy."	Golden Coast	90	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			De Loach 2008 Golden Coast Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	De Loach
New Zealand	"Yealands is based in the Awatere Valley, a subregion of Marlborough that offers generally cooler, later ripening than the main (Wairau) valley. This is a fresh, sappy, medium-bodied Pinot Noir, featuring notes of cherry, vanilla and herb. It should provide easy quaffing over the next few years."	Single Vineyard	88	25	Awatere Valley			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Yealands 2014 Single Vineyard Pinot Noir (Awatere Valley)	Pinot Noir	Yealands
US	"Although it's a little slender and simple, it's good for the price and offers pleasant cherry and spice flavors that finish dry."		85	9	California	California	California Other			Happy Camper 2010 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Happy Camper
Israel	"Aromas of black cherry and a hint of height-of-summer farmstead prep the palate for flavors of blackberry, black cherry, roasted meat, sage, and bell pepper. There is a nice combination of fruit and savory flavors, and the persistent finish offers lingering notes of fruits of the wood and roasted meat. Mevushal."	M-Series	89	40	Jerusalem Hills			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Psagot 2012 M-Series Cabernet Sauvignon (Jerusalem Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Psagot
US	"Tasted in early February, this Chardonnay had some secondary fermentation in the bottle, giving it a bubbly feeling. This major flaw may disappear in time."	Kruse Vineyards	80	36	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Jack Creek 2011 Kruse Vineyards Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Jack Creek
US	"Substantial and muscular, still quite tight and unyielding, this grudgingly displays purple fruits in a mix of roasted coffee beans, clove and black olive. If past releases are any indication, this will continue to evolve and expand as it gets a bit more bottle time."	Stained Tooth	90	32	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dusted Valley 2009 Stained Tooth Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Dusted Valley
France	"This intensely juicy, fruity wine is high in acidity. It's dominated by fresh black currants as well as spice from wood aging. It has fruit concentration, but needs time to round out and soften. Drink from 2015."		87	19	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Courteillac 2011  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Domaine de Courteillac
US	"There is an earthy side to this otherwise fruity, smooth, medium-bodied wine. It tastes quite ripe, slightly sweet, with low tannins and not much acidity. Blended from Merlot, Zinfandel and Petite Sirah."	Obsession	83	15	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Ironstone 2011 Obsession Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Ironstone
US	"A good amalgam of Red Mountain flavors—hard, tight tannins; dark, smoky black fruits; an underlayer of graphite and mineral. The wine is hard and compact, unyielding, but well-balanced and complete. In the nose are suggestions of moist earth, compost, soy, seaweed; the message is, stay tuned."	Ruckus	92	32	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sparkman 2008 Ruckus Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	Sparkman
France	"While the wine does have considerable tannins, it also has the ripe Merlot fruit to support it. Good acidity, black currant fruits, smoky wood, all the elements are there. It will always be firm, but should mature well."		89	45	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Rocher-Bonregard 2008  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Rocher-Bonregard
France	"Modern and pleasing, this wine exhibits strong, sweet oak notes of vanilla and cream that infuse the rich red cherry and raspberry aromas and flavors. Creamy in the mouth with good balance and a medium-length finish. Drink now."		89	22	Languedoc-Roussillon	Côtes du Roussillon Villages		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Hecht & Bannier 2008 Red (Côtes du Roussillon Villages)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Hecht & Bannier
US	"This blend of five varieties, including Cabernet Sauvignon and Zinfandel, is soft and sweet. Call it bistro style. It's jammy in cherries, licorice and mocha. Proceeds from the wine's sales go to heart disease research."		84	13	California	California	California Other			Colby Red 2010 Red (California)	Red Blend	Colby Red
US	"Awkward, showing overripe, Porty flavors and undesirable sweetness. There's a sugary undertow to the blackberry jam, prune and raisin flavors."	Pagani Ranch	83	35	California	California	California Other			Ridge 2008 Pagani Ranch Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Ridge
Australia	"Despite the relatively high alcohol, this comes across as a fairly classic Coonawarra Cabernet. Mint accents chocolate and cassis, and the wine is full bodied yet still seems a bit restrained on the palate. Firm tannins frame the dusty, appropriately drying finish. Drink 2016–2025."	Reserve Estate Grown	91	50	South Australia	Coonawarra		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Penley Estate 2009 Reserve Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Coonawarra)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Penley Estate
France	"A raw-edged wine, with dusty tannins and blackberry fruits and sawdust wood flavors that don't quite gel, and some green asparagus flavors to finish."	Mouton Cadet	82	9	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Baron Philippe de Rothschild 2005 Mouton Cadet  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Baron Philippe de Rothschild
US	"This is so bold and rich, it could stop a tsunami of barbacue sauce and a herd of galloping babyback ribs. They say the age of the vines is between 90–110 years. This wine is sheer lusciousness, with flavors of wild blackberries, cola and plums, along with a blueberry jam and black pepper finish."	Old Vine	91	30	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Dry Creek Vineyard 2011 Old Vine Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Dry Creek Vineyard
US	"This powerful wine that also holds 5% Cabernet Franc shyly packs a punch. At first it comes off as elegant, soft and highly approachable. Faint notions of blackberry and black cherry are highlighted amidst a concentrated, tannic build."	Estate Grown and Bottled Unfiltered	90	90	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Signorello 2012 Estate Grown and Bottled Unfiltered Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Signorello
Italy	"Girolamo is a Merlot from the southern part of Chianti Classico that does a remarkable job of being modern and delicate at the same time. On the one hand, you get rich notes of chocolate, cherry and coffee, but on the other, you get ethereal nuances of blueberry, spice and cola. Ready to drink."	Girolamo	93	55	Tuscany	Toscana				Castello di Bossi 2003 Girolamo Merlot (Toscana)	Merlot	Castello di Bossi
France	"Fresh and fruity, this crisp wine comes from a region near Chablis. Good acidity, lively citrus and a cool feel all work well together."		86	25	Burgundy	Bourgogne Vézelay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Simonnet-Febvre 2011  Bourgogne Vézelay	Chardonnay	Simonnet-Febvre
France	"A pure line of fruitiness dominates this wine. Ripe wild strawberry flavors are in charge with acidity giving an attractive sharp edge. The wine is round, full in the mouth,  rich at the end."	Perle de Margüi	89	25	Provence	Coteaux Varois en Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Margüi 2013 Perle de Margüi Rosé (Coteaux Varois en Provence)	Rosé	Château Margüi
US	"Anise, dark cherry, coffee grounds and fig aromas compose the nose on this Bordeaux-style blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. Medium to full bodied, this wine bears meaty tannins and alcoholic warmth. Dense notes of cigar box, ash and leather surface on the palate."	Mosaic	87	50	Virginia	Virginia				Sunset Hills 2010 Mosaic Red (Virginia)	Red Blend	Sunset Hills
Germany	"Rich and ripe on the palate, this full-bodied, almost densely structured Sekt offers loads of concentrated lemon and apple flavor, intensified by sweet caramel. Its rich yet elegant foam dissipates beautifully on the palate, leaving lingering nut and caramel apple tones."	Riesling Brut Sekt	92	33	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Kirsten NV Riesling Brut Sekt Sparkling (Mosel)	Sparkling Blend	Kirsten
US	"From the vineyard's choicest blocks. There's so much going on here, it's hard to know where to begin. Explosive in grilled meats, blackberries, plum jam, licorice, coffee, chocolate, caramel, black pepper and Chinese 5 spice, yet bone dry, with smooth, rich tannins. Extraordinarily good now, and should develop in interesting ways. Certainly one of the best California Syrahs of the last few vintages."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	96	52	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Bien Nacido 2007 Bien Nacido Vineyard Syrah (Santa Maria Valley)	Syrah	Bien Nacido
Chile	"A roasted, stalky smelling nose is a touch offputting at first but improves with airing. This high-elevation Maipo Pinot is watery on the palate, with raspberry, plum and earthy spice notes. A modest finish can generously be described as elegant."	Gran Cuvee	85	20	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	William Fèvre 2011 Gran Cuvee Pinot Noir (Maipo Valley)	Pinot Noir	William Fèvre
US	"Hugely floral with jasmine and honeysuckle in aroma, this light, approachable white is also oaky and ripe in pineapple and papaya, with a lingering freshness of acidity."		86	16	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Picket Fence 2014 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Picket Fence
US	"Luscious blackberry and cherry flavors take center stage here, showing just a glaze of nuttiness and roundness from judicious oak aging. Tart cranberry acidity and fine but slightly puckering tannins frame the palate squarely."		89	50	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bedell 2014 Malbec (North Fork of Long Island)	Malbec	Bedell
Portugal	"Intense and concentrated, full of fruit, tannic structure and richness. It comes from a fine vintage and shows the ripe fruit, rich berry and red plum character, along with a more austere, ageworthy edge. A very fine wine, and one worth keeping for 5–6 years."	Reserva	93	29	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta dos Roques 2007 Reserva Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Quinta dos Roques
US	"The acidity and fruit are the stars of this well-made Riesling. The wine is rich in citrus, honeysuckle, apricot and honey flavors that finish dry and clean."	Riverbank	87	15	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Wente 2012 Riverbank Riesling (Arroyo Seco)	Riesling	Wente
France	"Low yields and a high proportion of Cabernet Sauvignon have produced an impressive, dense and structured wine. With a smoky backdrop from the wood aging, it has rich black-plum fruit and a serious concentration. It is going to age well, and will be ready to drink only from 2020."		91	27	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Escurac 2014  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château d'Escurac
US	"This wine opens with aromas of green herb, purple fruit, orange peel and wood spice. The palate brings sweet but tart cranberry and cherry flavors that possess a velvety feel. It's an intriguing example of the variety."	StevensTimley	91	32	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Stevens 2014 StevensTimley Malbec (Yakima Valley)	Malbec	Stevens
US	"This is a mouthfilling, plush-textured, copper colored bubbly with hints of cherry and raspberry in the ripe flavors, firm acidity to balance them and tiny bubbles to keep it all lively. Made with 60% Pinot Noir and 40% Chardonnay, it finishes with a slightly sweet sensation."	Brut Rosé	90	29	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Roederer Estate NV Brut Rosé Sparkling (Anderson Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Roederer Estate
US	"A similar but bigger version of the Whistle Stop Red, this is made of all Cabernet, bearing rather hard tannins and flavors of coffee and clean earth. It's a good choice to pair with grilled cuts of beef."	Reserve	89	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Snoqualmie 2009 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Snoqualmie
Italy	"Here's a straightforward Amarone, with dense black fruit and spice aromas. The palate delivers blackberry, plum and raisin flavors, with white pepper and chocolate accents. It doesn't have a lot of complexity, but is delicious and ready to drink."	Vigneti Vallata di Marano	90	75	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Giuseppe Campagnola 2009 Vigneti Vallata di Marano  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Giuseppe Campagnola
US	"This aromatic brooder shows notes of dark cherry, barrel spice, pencil lead, vanilla and herb, along with a light floral note. The palate has nuance and detail with balance that is impressive. Give it some time in the cellar to strut its stuff. Best after 2023."	Heart of the Hill	93	110	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Betz Family 2014 Heart of the Hill Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Betz Family
US	"Smoky beef aromas meet with crushed pencils, toasty oak, cola and sweet tobacco set against a subtle purple-fruit backdrop on this bottling by Rick Longoria. The palate is dry, easy to quaff and quite refreshing for a dark-red wine, with subtle touches of clove, black currant and more oak-smoked meat."		89	36	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Longoria 2014 Tempranillo (Santa Ynez Valley)	Tempranillo	Longoria
France	"On the sweet side, this is a soft, fruity, perfumed wine packed with flavors of baked apples, red currants and spiced pears. Bright acidity gives it a lift on the finish. It is now ready to drink."	Réserve Personnelle	88	20	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bott Frères 2009 Réserve Personnelle Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Bott Frères
Italy	"This charming wine has a bright character, showing notes of juicy wild cherry, mint and eucalyptus and accents of leather and truffle. Drink now or wait a few years for tannins to tame down."		91	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bibbiano 2011  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Bibbiano
US	Smashed black rocks and turned earth meet with black plum and pasilla chile on the nose of this bottling. The palate is relatively thin in body but full of blueberry and pepper-spice flavors.		86	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Magness 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Magness
US	"Agreeable and smooth, this tastes pro-actively flavored with oak. The wood character comes out as flavors of maple syrup, vanilla and clove in addition to the plum and raspberry notes from the grapes. It's good, commercial-quality red wine."	Family Reserve	83	8	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Oak Grove 2012 Family Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Oak Grove
Argentina	"From vines planted in 1955, this is a rose-tinted Pinot with a woven, integrated bouquet of toast, mineral and berry fruits. There's more Burgundian character here than New World, so it pours on the cerebral scents and flavors of tea, rose hip, strawberry and raspberry. Reserved in style, but good to drink now and over the next few years. If $100 seems like a lot to spend on Argentinean Pinot, you should try to give this a taste at some point; you may be convinced otherwise."	No. 55	93	100	Other	Río Negro Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Chacra 2007 No. 55 Pinot Noir (Río Negro Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bodega Chacra
US	"Tart cranberry, black tea and dark plum characterize this earthy, soft and supple wine, made from grapes grown in a block at the crest of a knoll. Firm tannins give it an edginess, an unexpected complement to its warmth and depth of cardamom spice and blackberry."	Winery Block Single Clone	91	85	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Iron Horse 2012 Winery Block Single Clone Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Iron Horse
US	"This 100% Merlot is fruit forward in cherry pie and chocolate flavors, it's hard to resist drinking it now. But it's also quite tannic. The overall depth and balance strongly suggest that it will hold, and possibly develop, over the next four years."	Vintner Select Cuvée	90	75	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Pride Mountain 2009 Vintner Select Cuvée Merlot (Sonoma County)	Merlot	Pride Mountain
Chile	"This is basic and mild as a whole. The nose blends citrus, apple and fresh bell pepper aromas in front of a zesty, medium-intensity palate with standard citrus flavors including lime and orange. For a refreshing quaff this summer, this more than suffices."	Reserva	85	12	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	MontGras 2012 Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (San Antonio)	Sauvignon Blanc	MontGras
Spain	"Despite overriding aromas of spunky, candied berry fruits and wet dog fur, this rubbery, acidic blend is pretty good. Saucy, fresh berry, cherry and tomato flavors finish briny and savory, with moderate heat and burn."	Syrah-Garnacha Tinta-Carignan	86	12	Catalonia	Terra Alta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Las Colinas Del Ebro 2013 Syrah-Garnacha Tinta-Carignan Red (Terra Alta)	Red Blend	Las Colinas Del Ebro
Spain	"Chunky smelling, with herb, tomato and roasted plum aromas. Acidity is the first impression in the mouth, followed by roasted flavors and herbal/tomato accents. A standard Navarra Tempranillo that's acidic and veers towards red and herbal."	Crianza	84	20	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ochoa 2006 Crianza Tempranillo (Navarra)	Tempranillo	Ochoa
US	"Copper-pink in color, this Méthode Champenoise Blanc de Noirs from a specific vineyard site offers well-developed flavors of strawberry cream and fennel around a medium tier of acidity. The spicy finish ends well."	Sonoma Stage Vineyard Blanc de Noirs	90	48	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Foundry 2013 Sonoma Stage Vineyard Blanc de Noirs Sparkling (Sonoma Coast)	Sparkling Blend	Foundry
US	"Cedarville's ode to Priorat, this is a mix of 45% Grenache, 30% Syrah and 25% Cabernet Sauvignon. The three get along swimmingly, amusingly mixing into a triad of dark blackberry, dark licorice and dark chocolate. The rich texture is on the mark, and the wine provides just the right heft for any spicy, brawny meal."	Turnabout's	92	39	California	Fair Play	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cedarville Vineyard 2009 Turnabout's Red (Fair Play)	Red Blend	Cedarville Vineyard
Germany	"While initially quite lush on the palate, with undulating notes of honey, lanolin and hibiscus nectar, there's an invigorating briskness on the midpalate from the sweet-tart citrus and stone fruit flavors. It's bright with acidity and delicate lacings of sugar, spice and black tea."	Abtsberg Auslese 72	91	85	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Maximin Grünhäuser 2010 Abtsberg Auslese 72 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Maximin Grünhäuser
US	"Snappy black raspberry and fresh plum combine for an almost effervescent experience on the nose, which also benefits from smoked beef and carnation aromas. The palate is also very energetic with black-plum and orange-juice flavors, finishing with strong acidity. This will last for years, but needs at least another year to fully integrate."	Garys' Vineyard	91	65	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bernardus 2015 Garys' Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"Made from 75% Chardonnay and 25% Viognier, Una is thick in caramel and vanilla tones throughout. It conveys a distinct taste and aroma of burnt sugar, like pecans roasting over an open fire. Complex, it works as a well-adjusted, finely made sweet wine, ready to be paired with fruity desserts."	Una Betsy's Vineyard Late Harvest	91	36	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lawer 2014 Una Betsy's Vineyard Late Harvest Chardonnay (Knights Valley)	Chardonnay	Lawer
Chile	A neutral nose offers mild notes of minerally rich vitamin but almost no discernible fruit. Lightly oaked pear flavors are distant and turn bitter in front of a finish that stands still.	Reserva Casillero del Diablo	84	11	Chile			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2015 Reserva Casillero del Diablo Chardonnay (Chile)	Chardonnay	Concha y Toro
US	"Fragrant and floral with exotic figueroa, orange and peach scents, this wine is a feast for the senses, playing out on the palate with high-toned acidity, anise flavor and oak."		88	29	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fog Crest 2014 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Fog Crest
Germany	"Superbly warm weather in 2015 gave an extra boost of sunshine to many of the Mosel's entry-level wines, and the RK is one of the best. Whiffs of freesia and tangerine peel waft from the glasss of this semidry Riesling. It's low in alcohol, yet so honeyed and ripe that flavors of grapefruit and peach seem to slick sumptuously on the palate. Zesty lime acidity freshens a lingering finish."	RK	91	16	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2015 RK Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
Australia	"Green beans and other vegetal notes combine with pineapple, rancid butter and wet wool in this rather odd Chardonnay. There's plenty of acidity and a creamy mouthfeel, but it's all a little out of balance."	Great Escape Cool Climate Textural	85	25	South Australia	Adelaide Hills				Thistledown 2014 Great Escape Cool Climate Textural Chardonnay (Adelaide Hills)	Chardonnay	Thistledown
France	"This is a tightly structured wine, taut with intense minerality and acidity. It has green fruit and citrus flavors filled out with toast and a creamy texture. The aftertaste, with its tangy minerality, shows the wine will age. Drink from 2020."	Creux de la Net Premier Cru	93	48	Burgundy	Pernand-Vergelesses		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter 2015 Creux de la Net Premier Cru  (Pernand-Vergelesses)	Chardonnay	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter
US	"Here is a hefty, concentrated, satisfying wine to pair with big proteins. A dense red-black color, with aromas of blackberry jam and dried plums lead to bold fruit flavors, full body and a thick, nicely tannic texture. The intense plum and blackberry character lasts through the lingering finish."	Clone 877.4.369.362	90	29	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Miraflores 2012 Clone 877.4.369.362 Red (El Dorado)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Miraflores
US	"A Bordeaux-style blend of Cabernet Franc, Merlot, Petit Verdot and Cabernet Sauvignon, this has a nose that erupts with scents of ripe, macerated strawberries, red currant preserves and briny black olives. Medium to full bodied, it feels loose and agile upon entrance before the tannic structure gains footing on the midpalate. Hints of graphite and cedar shade in the finish."	Meritage Cabernet Franc-Merlot-Petit Verdot-Cabernet Sauvignon	87	29	Virginia	Virginia				Stinson 2010 Meritage Cabernet Franc-Merlot-Petit Verdot-Cabernet Sauvignon Red (Virginia)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Stinson
New Zealand	"Citrus and herb aromas set the mouth watering, anticipating a crisp, bracing wine. But this one's surprisingly soft in the mouth, filling out with tropical fruit flavors that could use a bit more zest."		84	12	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Zeal 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Zeal
US	"Lovely white-flower aromas of lily, tuberose and plumeria are elegant and engaging without being overpowering. These pair nicely with the light mango, crushed sea shell and petrol touch of the nose. Coconut, both dried flakes and milk, shows strongly on the creamy sip, along with honeysuckle, pineapple and fragrant white fruit."	Zotovich Vineyard	94	30	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Mollie 2014 Zotovich Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Mollie
US	"Layers of butter and spiced caramel accentuate the richness of this sumptuously ripe, full-bodied wine. Fresh, crisp apple and pear flavors freshen the midpalate, leading to a lingering sweet-spice finish."	Estate Reserve	89	27	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Martha Clara 2014 Estate Reserve Chardonnay (North Fork of Long Island)	Chardonnay	Martha Clara
US	"Violet, lavender, mulberry, black cherry, cola, graphite and a touch of sarsaparilla lead the nose on this bottling from this vineyard planted in 1997. Tart cranberry, pencil lead, dried orange rind, bay leaf, fennel and bay leaf all show on the palate, which is tremendously grippy and offers strong depth way into the finish."	La Rinconada Vineyard	92	68	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sanford 2013 La Rinconada Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Sanford
France	"Smooth yet crisp, this has attractive acidity and strawberry fruit. It is poised and elegant, with just the right amount of acidity."	Classique	88	11	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Les Quatre Tours 2011 Classique Rosé (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rosé	Les Quatre Tours
Australia	"This should have fairly widespread appeal for its bold cherry fruit aromas and balanced feel. Floral notes add interest on the nose, while the palate shows some savory mushroom and dusty earth character. The tannins are slightly astringent on the finish, so opt for red meat rather than a more delicate dish. Drink now."	Regional Reserve	86	17	Victoria	Yarra Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	De Bortoli 2014 Regional Reserve Pinot Noir (Yarra Valley)	Pinot Noir	De Bortoli
France	"This traditional method sparkling rosé is soft, rounded with strawberry fruit. There is a bitter almond edge to it that spoils its otherwise fruity character."	Rosé Dry	84	10	France Other	Vin Mousseux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Grandin NV Rosé Dry Sparkling (Vin Mousseux)	Sparkling Blend	Grandin
France	"A wine that is very mineral, very structured in its tannins, the black fruits flavors a straight line cut through with acidity."	Latricières Chambertin	93	185	Burgundy	Latricières-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Camille Giroud 2008 Latricières Chambertin  (Latricières-Chambertin)	Pinot Noir	Camille Giroud
France	"A ripe and fruity wine, with berry fruits, some spice and smooth tannins. The structure is buried within the fruit, soft and ready to drink."		86	18	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Garriotin 2009 Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Garriotin
US	"Soft and candied with blackberry and cherry flavors and notes of caramel from oak. There's also some prickly heat from high alcohol. The end result is a clumsy wine, but it's decadent in its ripeness."	Estate Grown	83	50	California	Calistoga	Napa			Kenefick Ranch 2009 Estate Grown Merlot (Calistoga)	Merlot	Kenefick Ranch
US	"Simple and fruity, with upfront blackberry jam, cherry, currant and cocoa flavors, wrapped into fine, smooth tannins. Tasty, but lacks definition and complexity."		85	44	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Cobblestone 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cobblestone
US	"Fleshy, dense and bright with cassis and vanilla notes, this 100% varietal estate wine is lovely and elegantly restrained, showing compact oak and firm tannin. Raspberry, tobacco and cedar round out the nuanced flavors that open over time."	Estate	93	85	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	D.R. Stephens 2014 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	D.R. Stephens
France	"This is a dark, young-colored wine, its purple shade reflecting the dense wood and tannin-laden flavors. It has spice and some bitter extract but these are balanced by ripe blackberry fruits and a rich texture. Drink from 2017."		89	29	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lestage Simon 2011  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lestage Simon
Canada	"The first sniff is yeasty and beery, a nod to the wine's youth. With ample air it brings in light hints of citrus blossom, lemon verbena and mint. Flavors of lemon and pineapple come next, and the small percentage that was barrel fermented helps to round off the acids."		87	18	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Township 7 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Okanagan Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Township 7
New Zealand	"Varietal Malbec from New Zealand is a rarity. This one is medium to full in body, with supple tannins that end silky and long. The herbal shadings may be a bit much for tasters accustomed to fruity Argentine versions, but black cherry and mocha notes compensate."		88	18	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Decibel 2011 Malbec (Hawke's Bay)	Malbec	Decibel
Chile	"Standard berry and cherry aromas are clean and round, while the palate is full and honest, with medium tannins and controlled acidity. For basic Merlot it's nice because there's sweetness, ripe fruit flavors, cola and juicy snap to the finish."		86	12	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Calcu 2008 Merlot (Colchagua Valley)	Merlot	Calcu
France	"A smooth, deliciously drinkable blend of Mauzac and Loin de l'Oeil gives crisp acidity, green fruits and tangy acidity. It's a wine that's fresh and ripe at the same time, a very dry wine that will certainly be best with food. Drink from late 2016."	Grande Tradition	86	15	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Terrisses 2015 Grande Tradition White (Gaillac)	White Blend	Domaine des Terrisses
Italy	"Aromas of black-skinned fruit, baking spice and mocha lead the nose while the ripe palate offers black plum, vanilla and tobacco. Assertive tannins and the heat of evident alcohol provide the framework. Drink through 2019."	Thea Riserva	89	28	Central Italy	Romagna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tre Monti 2013 Thea Riserva Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Tre Monti
US	"Black-cherry fruit comes wreathed in light smoke, with a streak of root beer adding to the flavor. This is a wine of medium weight and concentration, with hints of fennel throughout."	Nuthouse Master Series	89	50	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Argyle 2015 Nuthouse Master Series Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Argyle
US	"An extremely nuanced nose recalls a tomato-based beef stew full of dried fruit, nuts, root vegetables and powerful spice. The flavors suggest black dirt, sautéed mushrooms and eucalyptus tree bark, with olive tapenade-like spice on the finish."	Turner Vineyard	93	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joyce 2012 Turner Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Joyce
Spain	"Take the bubbles out of Cava and this is pretty much what's left. The nose is light, with peach and banana aromas. Tangy flavors of orange and pineapple are lively but lacking, and the finish is ripe but simple. For flush flavors and just enough zap, this is good."	Can Feixes Blanc Selecció	84	13	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Huguet de Can Feixes 2006 Can Feixes Blanc Selecció White (Penedès)	White Blend	Huguet de Can Feixes
France	"Warm, fruity and ripe, this offers a good balance between a ripe, creamy, yellow-fruit character and juicy acidity that refreshes and gives a crisp aftertaste. The wine is totally ready to drink."		86	20	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chartron et Trébuchet 2014  Bourgogne	Chardonnay	Chartron et Trébuchet
US	"The best Kings Ridge Riesling since the 2007, this is a lickable, lipsmacking, sweet-tart bottle of lemon-lime fruits with a perfect blend of sugar and acid. It captures the refined elegance of the best Willamette Valley Rieslings, and the crisp minerality underscores the mouthwatering fruit."		90	13	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kings Ridge 2011 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Kings Ridge
US	"The grapes come from the cooler Oak Knoll area of Napa Valley, yet this wine is very soft and melted, without much acidity to provoke and enliven the ripe cherry, vanilla and sassafras flavors. It does show Pinot's silkiness, and is easy to drink."		84	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Beringer 2006 Pinot Noir (Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Beringer
US	"Lots of savory raspberry and cherry pie flavors in this soft, slightly heavy Pinot Noir. Oak barrel aging shows up as rich notes of buttered toast. It's a flashy, opulent wine for drinking now."		88	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Gallo Signature Series 2011 Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Gallo Signature Series
Italy	"Made entirely with Merlot, this has a shy nose that tries to hide suggestions of plum and bell pepper. The straightforward palate provides plum with hints of vanilla and clove alongside grainy tannins."	Atunis	86	20	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Valentini 2013 Atunis Merlot (Toscana)	Merlot	Valentini
US	"Oodles of blackberry and ripe grape flavors characterize this smoothly textured, well-balanced red blend. Firm elements of tannin and acidity support the ripeness, and the wine tastes fresh and mouth-watering. This will be great with meat, pasta and cheese."	Secret Agent	88	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Alias 2012 Secret Agent Red (California)	Red Blend	Alias
Spain	"Welcoming aromas of wood spice, plum and blackberry become more smoky with airing. This strong-boned RDD is pure and deep, with manageable tannins. Generous flavors of spiced blackberry, tobacco and vanilla finish long, elegant and with a lot in reserve. Drink from 2017 through 2030."	Gran Resalte	93	88	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Resalte 2010 Gran Resalte  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Resalte
US	"This tastes and feels mellow and approachable, with gentle aromas of plums, dried herbs and tomato, and medium body with moderate tannins. It is supple and easy to drink."	Estate Reserve	86	60	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Las Positas 2011 Estate Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Livermore Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Las Positas
US	"A Bordeaux blend from Newton's mountain estate, this lovely wine starts out with a fat, fleshy appeal. It offers elaborate waves of sweetly smoked oak that conjoin nicely with cherry preserves, red licorice and dark chocolate. A bit inelegant now due to firm, fierce tannins, but so balanced, it should easily negotiate the years. Better after 2012."	The Puzzle	91	80	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Newton 2005 The Puzzle Red (Spring Mountain District)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Newton
Italy	"Aromas of red berry, sage, cinnamon and a whisper of menthol lead the nose and carry over to the solid palate together with juicy sour cherry, black raspberry, licorice and tobacco. It's a classic Barolo, straightforward and delicious, with ripe, integrated tannins and fresh acidity."		90	30	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cantina del Nebbiolo 2011  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Cantina del Nebbiolo
France	"Showing austerity via its tannins, this is a severe wine despite its red berry fruit. It has layers of wood and a dry core. Age for six years or more."	Clos de Fèves	92	95	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2008 Clos de Fèves  (Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Chanson Père et Fils
New Zealand	"Built a little more sturdily than some NZ Pinots, Rockburn's 2007 shows fine intensity and purity of black cherry flavors, allied to hints of mushroom, earth and cola. It's full-bodied, with a long, supple finish. Drink now–2015."		91	40	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Rockburn 2007 Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Rockburn
Spain	"More pulpy and flat than ideal, but still this wine shows a lot of spirit and Rioja character. It starts with a jumbled nose of lacquer, shoe polish and licorice, while the palate is chewy and dark, with some briary notes. A good effort from a challenging vintage."	Reserva	87	27	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montecillo 2002 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Montecillo
US	"This is one of the best Pinots in a screw top you'll find. It shows elegant qualities, housing fresh, young cherry, raspberry and oak flavors in a nice, silky texture. Production was 2,328 cases."		89	20	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast			Bishop's Peak 2009 Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Bishop's Peak
US	"Cocoa, vanilla and herb aromas are followed by broad black-fruit flavors. The warmth of the vintage is on display but so is a sense of balance and polish."	Weinbau Vineyard	90	40	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Januik 2013 Weinbau Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Wahluke Slope)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Januik
Italy	"Fragrances recall honeysuckle, jasmine and citrus zest. The juicy palate offers creamy green apple, Bartlett pear and nectarine alongside zesty acidity. A note of white almond signals the close."		91	17	Veneto	Soave Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pieropan 2013  Soave Classico	White Blend	Pieropan
Spain	"Charred, tarry, smoky aromas are gritty and outpace this boutique wine's fruit character. Hard and tannic, with citric acidity, this is steered by flavors of charred oak, licorice, chocolate and barrel resin. Toasty, spicy raspberry and blackcurrant flavors finish it up. Drink through 2026."	Máximo	90	115	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Arrocal 2009 Máximo  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Arrocal
Germany	"Waxy lanolin and lemon-skin notes scent this dry, intensely linear Riesling. The palate is stark, with lime and lemon flavors accented by a stony mineral tone that lingers on the finish."	Stock & Stein Trocken	88	17	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Peter Jakob Kühn 2012 Stock & Stein Trocken Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Peter Jakob Kühn
US	"This is a candied, slightly sweet Pinot Noir, pretty rustic all around. Its acidity and sugary finish give it a raspberry and cherry, sweet and sour taste."	Director's	84	21	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Francis Coppola 2009 Director's Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Francis Coppola
Argentina	"Crisp, minerally cherry aromas come with a complex note of desert herbs. This feels totally fresh and full, basically just right. Nicely oaked, ripe flavors of plum and berry fruits are chocolaty, dry and spicy on the finish."	La Mascota	90	17	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mascota 2015 La Mascota Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Mascota
US	"A very nice wine that does what California Merlot is supposed to do. It delivers lots of ripe, sweet fruit and a lush texture. The cherry pie flavor is heightened by a savory baking-spice note."		88	30	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Gundlach Bundschu 2009 Merlot (Sonoma Valley)	Merlot	Gundlach Bundschu
US	"Well made, well balanced and rich in flavor, this medium-bodied wine has fruit flavors that are almost sweet but countered by crisp acidity. It tastes spicy like vanilla and nutmeg on the finish."		86	25	California	Red Hills Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Vigilance 2014 Chardonnay (Red Hills Lake County)	Chardonnay	Vigilance
France	"A bright dash of lemon is colored with a hint of yeast and flint. The palate, which brims with ripe Amalfi lemon notes, also has that slight flinty stony touch. But it is the lemon that characterizes the compact, precise and dry body. It is the zestiness that brightens and enlivens. Very refreshing, with wonderful balance and tension. Drink now through 2027."	Herrenweg de Turckheim	92	40	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Zind-Humbrecht 2015 Herrenweg de Turckheim Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Zind-Humbrecht
US	"Raspberry, cherry and cola flavors are touched with oak and highighted by zesty acidity in this lovely Pinot Noir. It doesn't have the stuffing for aging, but drinks well now with a variety of fare."		87	38	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast			Asuncion Ridge 2010 Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Asuncion Ridge
US	"This blend of four red-Bordeaux varieties opens with fresh cassis notes that lead to a juicier core. Structured and robust yet accessible, it features chocolate and blackberry jam flavors."	Winston Hill	93	150	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frank Family 2013 Winston Hill Red (Rutherford)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Frank Family
Portugal	"Smooth and soft, this easygoing wine has spice, touches of wood from the barrel aging and a firm tannic core. It is balanced and ready to drink."	Hat Trick	86	18	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2015 Hat Trick Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
US	"A real success, this 100% Merlot, sourced from the Stillwater Creek and Conner Lee vineyards, is exotically scented with a rich mix of baking spices, coffee, dust, pencil lead and cedar. Lots of oak influence, but it plays well against the tart and mellow berry flavors. There is a suggestion of dried leaf, perhaps an indication of older vines."	Benchmark	92	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Market Vineyards 2008 Benchmark Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Market Vineyards
France	"Smells plummy and ripe but tastes of bright cherries and shows a lean, claret-style mouthfeel. It's a little thin, but still manages to provide pleasure. Finishes with tasty mocha and toast shadings.  White Wine"	Fierte de Malesan	84	11	Bordeaux	Bordeaux				Malesan 1999 Fierte de Malesan  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Malesan
US	"Dry, full-bodied and tannic, this twin-county blend has Lifesaver candy flavors of blackberries and cherries. It's a rugged, lusty and country-style wine that's easy to find, with production of nearly 70,000 cases."		86	23	California	Napa County-Sonoma County	Napa-Sonoma			Ghost Pines 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa County-Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ghost Pines
US	"Classic varietal smells of chalk and golden raisin emerge from this wine. It's lusciously smooth once sipped, with orange, limestone and vanilla pudding leaning up against bitter greens and just-ripe nectarine. Serve with beets and goat cheese or Chinese chicken salad."	Tondré Grapefield	91	20	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Nacina 2012 Tondré Grapefield Riesling (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Riesling	Nacina
France	"With much of the freshness of 2006 now evolved into more mature flavors, this balanced if somewhat stalky wine has fine perfumed black currant fruit flavors, with a firm core of tannins and wood aging."	Cuvée la Fleur Tabenot	85	20	Bordeaux	Côtes de Castillon		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Hyot 2006 Cuvée la Fleur Tabenot  (Côtes de Castillon)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Hyot
France	"The rich fruit and structure of this impressive wine are already well integrated. With power and concentration as well as layers of dark fruits, it is showing fine aging potential. The wine, dominated by 80% Merlot, comes from vines in the east of Saint-Emilion. Drink from 2020."		90	25	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Chapelle aux Moines 2014  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Chapelle aux Moines
France	"This is a juicy wine, stuffed with soft berry fruits and jammy black currant flavors. It has some tannins, lightly integrated into the general fruitiness of this wine. With Dural and Braucol in dominance, it holds a touch of dryness at the center that will allow it age. Drink from 2016."		89	17	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Rhodes 2011 Red (Gaillac)	Red Blend	Château de Rhodes
Argentina	"There's no denying the fact that this smells stalky and burnt, with leathery fruit aromas. In the mouth, it's choppy, with scratchy acidity leading to a loud flavor profile with stalky berry, raisin and stewed flavors. Heat and additional roasted notes drive the finish on this Malbec."	Estate	85	29	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alpamanta 2009 Estate Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Alpamanta
US	"The estate's top Bordeaux blend, it's full-bodied and inviting, a vibrant bowl-full of red and black fruits, laced with baking spices. A worthy follow-up to the winery's outstanding 2004, this fruit-driven, well-balanced and flat-out bodacious style of winemaking should have enormous consumer appeal. Can it improve in the cellar? Give it five years to find out."	Destiny	90	45	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Alexandria Nicole 2005 Destiny Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Alexandria Nicole
US	"This contends for the best $10 Riesling in the country. It's off dry, with 30g/L of residual sugar, but not too sweet for some Asian noodle entrées. The mouthfeel is thick and borders on syrupy, with penetrating flavors of mango, papaya and peaches. It could also be served after dinner with fruit and soft cheeses."		91	10	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lujon 2015 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Lujon
Israel	"A clean nose of citrus paves the way for flavors of grapefruit and Sevilla orange. This wine is soft and pleasing on the palate, but it may be touch tart for some tastes."	Admon Vineyard	85	30	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Carmel 2014 Admon Vineyard Chardonnay (Galilee)	Chardonnay	Carmel
US	"Aromas of gingerbread cookies with a black-cherry glaze meet black gravel and a touch of asphalt on the nose of this complex and flavorful bottling. The palate blends the brightness of red cherry and strawberry fruit with a rocky minerality, spiced up by black pepper and settling into a plum-skin groove toward the finish."	Bailey Ranch Riserva	90	40	California	Adelaida District	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bella Luna 2013 Bailey Ranch Riserva Zinfandel (Adelaida District)	Zinfandel	Bella Luna
US	"Lemon custard, ripe Gala apples and a seemingly sweet candy element show on the nose of this wine from a family-owned producer. Bright energy and ripe apple characterize the palate, along with green pear skins and stonefruit."	Family Reserve	87	26	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joullian 2014 Family Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Carmel Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Joullian
US	"The Shea vineyard is still recovering from extensive post-phylloxera replanting, and many of the wines produced from its fruit seem much lighter than in the past. Here, however it compensates, at least partially, with a graceful, elegant composition. The mix of red fruits, mineral and light spring herbs is perfectly set against polished tannins. I would expect this wine to add texture and complexity over the next decade or more."	Shea Vineyard	90	75	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Torii Mor 2005 Shea Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Torii Mor
US	"This solidly good block selection shows shy aromas of dark red and purple fruit with a touch of earth and asphalt. The palate is tart and tight, with a bit of sagebrush nuance."	Henry Ayrton's Block Rapley Trail Vineyard	88	85	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Thomas Fogarty 2012 Henry Ayrton's Block Rapley Trail Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Thomas Fogarty
US	"Sagemoor and Conner Lee grapes go into this soft, plush, totally drinkable Chardonnay. Pretty fruit flavors of banana, apple and pear mingle seamlessly, and the wine has both balance and texture to spare. Drink it now for its poise and freshness."		90	23	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	DaMa 2011 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	DaMa
Italy	"This informal Sangiovese-based red wine (in a screwcap bottle) shows bright berry nuances of cassis, cranberry and forest fruit. The wine finishes in an easy-drinking but crisp style."		83	12	Tuscany	Toscana				Poggio alle Sughere 2008 Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Poggio alle Sughere
US	"Fresh green apple and herb notes flit and dance throughout the nose and palate of this delicate off-dry Riesling. It's rich with sweet peach and nectarine flavor, but also layered and complex with notes of minerals, blossoms and vibrant lime acidity."	Tango Oaks Vineyard	90	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Red Newt Cellars 2011 Tango Oaks Vineyard Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Red Newt Cellars
Italy	"Aromas of leafy underbrush, tilled soil, blue flowers and dark berry lead the nose. The vibrant, straightforward palate offers crushed wild cherry, black raspberry, anise and white pepper. It's easy drinking and well balanced thanks to fresh acidity and sleek tannins."		89	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta degli Dei 2013  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Tenuta degli Dei
Italy	"Aromas of pipe tobacco, mature dark-skinned fruit, leather and cake spice meld together on this smooth structured red. The chewy, full-bodied palate delivers mature plum, black cherry marinated in spirits, mocha and cinnamon alongside velvety tannins. Drink 2017 through 2026."		92	65	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Santa Sofia 2011  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	Santa Sofia
Argentina	"For a big brand, Alamos knows how to deliver quality at a fair price. This vintage is exemplary for its sweet black plum and graham cracker bouquet and lush, deep palate. The fruit is tasty, balanced, dark in nature and just a little bit spicy. For a basic-priced Malbec it more than gets the job done."		89	13	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alamos 2009 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Alamos
France	"Big, powerful, dominated by dark tannins and dense fruit. The alcohol is apparent in the burnt rubber edge, although the richness of the fruit, with its bitter chocolate edge, does help to mask it. The acidity at the end gives freshness."	Héritage	86	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lamothe-Vincent 2005 Héritage  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lamothe-Vincent
US	"This Pinot offers bright tart cherry fruit and earthy spice in good proportion and is softly textured. From the remote Mendocino Ridge and aged in entirely French oak, it's still young and exhibiting plenty of oaky toast on the finish."	Estate Bottled	87	30	California	Mendocino Ridge		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Greenwood Ridge 2012 Estate Bottled Pinot Noir (Mendocino Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Greenwood Ridge
US	"Comprised of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 35% Cabernet Franc and 5% Petit Verdot, this wine shows aromas of herbs, pencil lead, flowers and cherry, with light meaty notes. There's a elegance to the plum and cherry flavors along with a supple feel."	Triolet	88	30	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Bunchgrass 2011 Triolet Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Bunchgrass
France	"Intensely herbal, this is a crisp, cool wine. Layers of citrus, grapefruit and gooseberry mingle with grassy, herbal flavors. Green, fresh and drinkable now, this is a fine apéritif style."	Cuvée des Victoires	87	20	Loire Valley	Quincy		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Philippe Portier 2014 Cuvée des Victoires  (Quincy)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Philippe Portier
US	"This old-vine wine contains 12% Carignane and 8% Petite Sirah, and is one of the larger of the producer's single-vineyard offerings. Feral black fruit and fig form a core of concentrated richness before red-berry pie and vanilla come into play, finishing with a blur of toasty oak."	Teldeschi Vineyard	89	37	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ravenswood 2013 Teldeschi Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Ravenswood
Italy	"Made from 80% Sangiovese and 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this opens with aromas of tire rubber and sawdust. The lean palate offers espresso and roasted notes but it lacks fruit richness and intensity."	Tre	86	23	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Brancaia 2011 Tre Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Brancaia
Italy	"A blend of Carricante and Catarratto (two of Sicily's most expressive indigenous varieties), this Etna white would pair well with seafood or vegetarian dishes. It boasts focused tones of citrus and Granny Smith apple."	Fondo Filara	87	19	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna				Nicosia 2010 Fondo Filara  (Etna)	White Blend	Nicosia
Portugal	"From an estate in the far west of the Cima Corgo region, close to Regua, this wine is structured and deliciously ripe in black fruits. It has a solid base of tannins that is allied to perfumed acidity and a hint of wood aging. Drink from 2017."	Reserva	90	14	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta Seara d'Ordens 2014 Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta Seara d'Ordens
US	"Blended with 8% Cabernet Sauvignon, this mountain-grown wine offers bold black plum and berry around a compacted, extracted fullness of tannin and French oak. Dried herb, clove and vanilla accent the fruit, while the finish lingers gingerly."		90	60	California	Napa County-Sonoma County	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pride Mountain 2013 Merlot (Napa County-Sonoma County)	Merlot	Pride Mountain
US	"This medium-bodied, well-priced wine from a consistent brand has traditional touches like a lightly smoky, spicy cherry aroma, a gently tannic texture and satisfying ripe cherry and plum flavors."		87	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bogle 2014 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Bogle
France	"The top cuvée from Thomas (you can tell by the heavy statement bottle), this is an almost opulent expression of Sauvignon Blanc. It builds on its texture, gained from the chalk soils of Sancerre, with intense tropical fruits, pineapple as well as citrus and grapefruit. It is structured, dense and impressive."	Ultimus	92	40	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Thomas & Fils 2011 Ultimus  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Thomas & Fils
US	"Lovely aromas of marmalade, orange blossom, peach, honeysuckle and cantaloupe waft from the glass. These notes translate onto the palate, which is viscous and mouthcoating, yet balanced by a lifted acidity that preserves a lingering finish."	Petite Fleur	88	28	Virginia	Virginia		Carrie Dykes		The Williamsburg Winery 2015 Petite Fleur White (Virginia)	White Blend	The Williamsburg Winery
US	"Packed with ripe, upfront raspberry, cherry and cola fruit, this Pinot certainly delivers in the flavor department. But it goes well beyond that, framing the richness in a fine structure of smooth tannins, crisp acidity and a deft application of oak. Straddles the line between immediate drinkability and ageability, so drink it now and over the next four years."	Appian Way Vineyards	93	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Joseph Jewell 2009 Appian Way Vineyards Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Jewell
Argentina	"Dark in style, with graham cracker, shoe polish, hard spice and blackberry aromas. It feels staunch and edgy, then tastes deep, with a blackberry flavor backed by rubber and chocolate. The finish is marked with cocoa powder and vanilla notes."	Gran Reserva	88	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sur de los Andes 2009 Gran Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Sur de los Andes
US	"It's no small feat they were able to hold this sophisticated wine back so long and still sell it for just over 20 bucks. The wine is soft, dry and rich in red currant, white pepper, licorice and mocha flavors, and has elegant balance."	Estate	92	22	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kunde 2003 Estate Syrah (Sonoma Valley)	Syrah	Kunde
US	"Bringing together multiple sites in one wine, this provides a fine example of the sum equalling more than the parts. Well balanced and crafted, it offers aromas of sandalwood and smoked meat that contrast with more exuberant, textured layers of black cherry and citrus peel."	Russian River Selection	95	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gary Farrell 2014 Russian River Selection Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Gary Farrell
US	"A blockbuster style of Zin from three vineyard sites, all relatively old vine, this is zesty on the palate, a mix of berry compote and cinnamon and black pepper spice. Not too dense, it is hearty and big-shouldered."	Tres Viejos Old Vine	88	45	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	St. Francis 2011 Tres Viejos Old Vine Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	St. Francis
US	"The winery's best Hilltops in years, dry and elegantly structured. There's real power to the baked black cherry and currant fruit, with all sorts of meaty, earthy, peppery nuances that linger long into the finish. The alcohol is robust, but in keeping with the wine's volume, giving it a rich, warming headiness. Drink now–2018, as suits your taste."	Hilltops	92	48	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Stolpman 2010 Hilltops Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Stolpman
Germany	"Imagine honeyed orange sections—that's what the aromas of this wine call to mind. In the mouth, there's plenty of sweetness and power and a rich, creamy mouthfeel, matched by strident acids. Orange, apple and spice flavors linger on the finish."	Bernkasteler alte Badstube am Doctorberg Spätlese	91	31	Mosel-Saar-Ruwer			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Dr. Pauly Bergweiler 2006 Bernkasteler alte Badstube am Doctorberg Spätlese Riesling (Mosel-Saar-Ruwer)	Riesling	Dr. Pauly Bergweiler
US	"This is the first white bottling from a new project by John Wagner, co-owner of John Sebastiano and Sierra Madre vineyards, and winemaker Paul Lato. Flint, dried limes, chives and a touch of smoked chicken show on the fresh nose. Light and clean on the sip, it's distinctive with flavors of buttered lemon slices, smoke and sweet onions."	Sierra Madre Vineyard	93	40	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Peake Ranch 2014 Sierra Madre Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Peake Ranch
US	"Crafted from a range of vineyards, including Gap's Crown and some new sites in this vintage, this lovely, well-made and balanced wine is made in larger quantities than the producer's vineyard-designates and is enjoyable young. Creamy and full bodied at first, it evolves into cohesive flavors of baked pear, toasted almond and lemon-lime."		91	40	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Patz & Hall 2014 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Patz & Hall
Italy	"An easy blend of oak-aged Nero d'Avola, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, Amongae represents a new, modern side of Sicilian winemaking. There are plush fruit aromas here, enhanced by tobacco, cigar box and drying mineral nuances."	Amongae	87	16	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Maggiovini 2007 Amongae Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Maggiovini
US	"Fruit-forward aromas of blueberry, orange peel and spice lead to medium-bodied fruit flavors. It's respectable, though it's near impossible to peg it as Cabernet."		85	10	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Washington Hills 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (Washington)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Washington Hills
US	"A deeply colored, rich, vibrant Syrah, ready to drink now. It's gritty in tannins and bone dry, but offers a wealth of ripe, jammy blackberries, cherries, bacon, peppery spices and smoky sandalwood."	Estate	90	45	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Bugay 2007 Estate Syrah (Sonoma County)	Syrah	Bugay
Australia	"This winery has made a nice Sauvignon Blanc as far back as I can remember. The 2016 is a linear, precise example, tightly focused and crisp on the finish. The ample pineapple and grapefruit aromas and flavors are zesty and refreshing."		90	22	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Shaw and Smith 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Adelaide Hills)	Sauvignon Blanc	Shaw and Smith
US	"Coming from the winery's estate vineyard in The Rocks District, this aromatic brooder shows notes of crushed flowers, wet stone, orange peel, brown stems and dark fruit, along with lightly smoked meat accents. The palate boasts generous fruit and savory flavors that linger on the finish."	Tall Tales Stoney Vine Vineyard	92	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dusted Valley 2014 Tall Tales Stoney Vine Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Dusted Valley
Chile	"While this smells a touch green and scratchy, there's enough berry and plum to the nose to get it going in a good way. Fresh and medium-bodied, this tastes of medicinal cherry and plum along with herbs. The finish tastes similar."	Vitral	87	13	Chile			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Maipo 2014 Vitral Cabernet Sauvignon (Chile)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viña Maipo
US	"Tastes like the chilly vintage took its toll on this blend of Syrah, Grenache and Viognier. It's a structurally sound wine, with fine acidity and firm tannins, but the blackberry and cherry flavors are compromised by vegetal notes."	Kick Ranch Home Run Cuvée	84	45	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Kale 2010 Kick Ranch Home Run Cuvée Red (Sonoma County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Kale
Australia	"Seems almost Burgundian in this crowd, with its aromas of smoke and white peach and flavors of roasted hazelnuts and grilled peaches. Finishes clean and crisp, with tart, lime-like acidity and hints of smoke."		87	18	Victoria	Mornington Peninsula		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	T'Gallant 2000 Chardonnay (Mornington Peninsula)	Chardonnay	T'Gallant
US	"This excellent wine has good concentration and pretty, fruit-sweet flavors of berry, cherry, and a splash of Dr. Pepper. It brings in elegant details of truffle and more of that pleasant cola character, and lingers through a generous finish."	Hawks View Vineyard	90	38	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hawks View 2010 Hawks View Vineyard Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Hawks View
Spain	"This pink wine smells of red-apple skins. The palate is low on acidity but not entirely dull. Dry briny lightly bitter flavors don't show a lot of fruit, while this is pulpy on the finish."	Selección Tempranillo	84	8	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sonsierra 2015 Selección Tempranillo Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Sonsierra
Spain	"Rubbery, floral aromas of raspberry and cherry along with wet cement get this mature Toro wine going. The palate offers fleshy fruit and firm tannins, while the flavor profile brings floral, leafy, leathery flavors in front of a solid, fresh feeling and leafy tasting finish. Drink now."	Third Generation Dama de Toro Crianza	87	17	Northern Spain	Toro		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Fariña 2006 Third Generation Dama de Toro Crianza  (Toro)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Fariña
US	"Dull and herbal, with modest berry and spice flavors. The structure is soft and simple. Disappointing."	Estate	83	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Chateau Montelena 2006 Estate Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Chateau Montelena
Spain	"Full-throttle oak, vanilla, tobacco and smoky blackberry aromas feed into a full, grippy but surprisingly fresh palate. Toasty oak, blackberry and spice flavors finish long and steady. Drink this excellent Tempranillo from a powerful vintage through 2025."	Gran Reserva	93	77	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Protos 2011 Gran Reserva  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Protos
US	"A ripe, softly round and full-bodied wine, this features robust characteristics of berry pie, vanilla and cola spice, showing only moderate acidity."	Princess of Pinot	87	34	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cheryl LaVrar 2014 Princess of Pinot Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cheryl LaVrar
US	"The floral spray and sweet nectar of fresh yellow cherries persist from start to finish on this penetrating semi-sweet wine. It's rich and ripe with stone fruit flavors, but balanced with tart lime acidity and steely, honed minerality."	Single Clone No. 198 Reserve	91	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Boundary Breaks 2012 Single Clone No. 198 Reserve Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Boundary Breaks
US	"This Chardonnay is rich in all the bells and whistles, such as aging on the lees in French oak barrels. The underlying fruit shows ripe, racy tropical flavors, as well as peach and pear notes that are deep and delicious. With production of 8,400 cases, the wine should be easy to find."	Estate Grown	91	28	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			J Vineyards & Winery 2012 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	J Vineyards & Winery
Chile	"Sweaty leather, stewed berry, green herb and earth aromas set up a fresh, tomato-like and raw palate. On the flavor profile, this deals equal parts earth, dry spice, green peppercorn and red-fruit notes. A simple finish is adequately dry and spicy."	Duette Premium	86	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Indomita 2012 Duette Premium Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Indomita
US	"Six barrels—one each from six vineyards—comprise this cuvée. It's soft and silky, with pretty cherry fruit and a touch of herb. The finish continues smooth and supple, with a suggestion of caramel."	Dundee Hills Select	89	45	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Torii Mor 2014 Dundee Hills Select Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Torii Mor
US	"Lighter in body and substance than the 2000 vintage, with cola, cherry and spice flavors wrapped in soft, easy tannins and crisp acids. Drinks very dry, with oaky influences. Nice in the mouth, and versatile at the table, but basically simple."	Garys' Vineyard	89	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Testarossa 2001 Garys' Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
US	It's well-suited for supplying a big party where there are lots of different tastes to please. A soft texture and almost sweet butter and apple flavors make this a light confection.		85	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Twin Arches 2012 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Twin Arches
US	"Smooth, satiny, seductive and deep, this exciting debut from a new winery shows first-class fruit sourcing and winemaking. The berry and cassis fruit flavors are ripe and polished, balanced with firm acids and hints of black olive and black tea in the tannins. Beautifully defined and balanced throughout, this is crafted for aging, but delicious already."	Lawrence Vineyard	92	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Southard 2007 Lawrence Vineyard Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Southard
US	"It's no disrespect to say this is a great family restaurant-style Merlot. Tens of millions of Americans dig into beef at the neighborhood joint, and they want a good red to drink alongside it. At this price, this is that wine. It's soft and rich with blackberries, blueberries and chocolate, with a finish of sweet, toasty oak."		89	17	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Chelsea Goldschmidt 2011 Merlot (Alexander Valley)	Merlot	Chelsea Goldschmidt
France	"The appetizing perfume is a perfect fusion of lemon zest and tart apple. The palate also pitches that same, ripe freshness against zingy tang. The palate is dry, textured and juicy and thus very moreish. This is very alive and appetizing with a super-clean, lip-smacking finish."	Frankstein Grand Cru	91	50	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Charles Frey 2014 Frankstein Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Charles Frey
US	"Bedell continues to raise the bar for Long Island Merlot with this offering. A rich, savory nose of meat, leather spice and dark berry leads into a poised balance of savory spice, rich fruit, acids and tannins. The wine has a friendly brightness about it but overall, is restrained and integrated."	Reserve	87	48	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Bedell 2005 Reserve Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Bedell
Austria	"A zesty nose promises refreshment and poise. The palate not only keeps this promise but tops it. Orange, mandarin and lemon frame riper peach and Mirabelle plum explode like a firework of fruit on the palate. This is fruit-framed, citrus-focused joy, combining immense concentration with immense elegance. There is a long and exciting life ahead of this."	Singerriedl Smaragd	96	99	Wachau			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Franz Hirtzberger 2013 Singerriedl Smaragd Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Franz Hirtzberger
France	"Ripe and juicy, this wine has good acidity that accompanies the attractive, seemingly sweet tannins. Concentrated, it needs several years to broaden out."	Classic	85	16	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lauduc 2010 Classic  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lauduc
US	"There are loads of fresh floral and red spice notes on the nose of this blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah: hibiscus, cinnamon, dried cherry and baking spice. The palate leads with a touch of maple syrup, filling out with red berry, savory smoke and thyme flavors, underpinned by upright tannins and refreshing acidity."	Pas de Deux	93	45	California	Adelaida District	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	kukkula 2013 Pas de Deux Red (Adelaida District)	Rhône-style Red Blend	kukkula
US	"A marriage of zippy acidity and ripe raspberry and cherry fruit, this Pinot is a bit simple, sweet and candied. Yet there are considerable tannins lurking in the background, and the wine could develop bottle interest over the next six years."	Petersen Vineyard	88	50	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Sonoma Coast Vineyards 2008 Petersen Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sonoma Coast Vineyards
US	"On the palate, this wine is rich and complex, with flavors of dried cherry, cola, licorice, red currant and sandalwood that finish bone dry. It has lots of acidity and some sandpaper-like tannins. This should begin to develop bottle-age notes after 2016."	Garey Ranch Vineyard	92	48	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Nagy 2010 Garey Ranch Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Nagy
France	"This is a soft, unfocussed wine with some acidity and a hint of strawberry fruits and a sweet candy flavor. Drink now."	Domaine des Lys	82	12	Loire Valley	Rosé d'Anjou		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Besombes Moc Baril 2015 Domaine des Lys  (Rosé d'Anjou)	Rosé	Besombes Moc Baril
US	"This is Washington Syrah at its most distinctive. The fruit stands out with tart and tangy flavors of boysenberry, raspberry and a tartness reminiscent of cranberry. There are streaks of meat, smoke and bacon, and the acids are clean. This is a glorious food wine, but so juicy, assertive and delicious that it almost demands to be drunk on its own. Will it evolve in the cellar? Probably, but it's hard to keep your hands off it long enough to find out."		94	29	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Robert Karl 2005 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Robert Karl
France	"This is an attractive pale-pink wine, faintly coppery in hue. It's also a bit confected, with candied strawberry and watermelon flavors reminiscent of bubble gum, but backed by white chocolate and briny notes. It's plump on the palate, then falls off rapidly on the finish."	Les Cimels	86	15	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château d'Or et de Gueules 2014 Les Cimels Rosé (Costières de Nîmes)	Rosé	Château d'Or et de Gueules
US	"A bright, cheerful and very well-crafted Zinfandel that shows a deft touch at handling this variety's challenges. Achieves thorough ripeness, with blackberry, black currant, cola and pepper flavors, even as the alcohol is kept moderate, and the finish is dry and smooth."	Maple Vineyard	90	40	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Passalacqua 2007 Maple Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Passalacqua
Argentina	"Oily citrus, apple and mealy grapefruit are not particularly pleasant aromas. This is heavy and sticky, with overweight citrus and mango flavors. A melony, sulfuric finish brings the close."	Mariflor Michel Rolland	80	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Rolland 2013 Mariflor Michel Rolland Sauvignon Blanc (Mendoza)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bodega Rolland
US	"A succulent Pinot Noir, rich and ripe in cherries, tart cranberries, orange zest and Dr. Pepper cola, with sweet, smoky notes from oak barrel aging. The tight tannins and zesty acids together suggest midterm aging. Should hit its stride after 2013."	R. Buoncristiani Vineyard	91	36	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Matrix 2009 R. Buoncristiani Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Matrix
Chile	"Berry, plum and dusty earth aromas control the nose on this full-flavored wine. In the mouth, this offers weight but good framing and edging. Flavors of ripe red fruits fall into the tutti-frutti category, while creamy oak and spice notes spill onto a medium-long finish."	Gran Reserva	87	18	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Tarapacá 2012 Gran Reserva Pinot Noir (Leyda Valley)	Pinot Noir	Viña Tarapacá
US	"There are a lot of varieties in this blend, from Merlot, which makes up the majority, to handfuls of Syrah, Zinfandel and Petit Verdot. Sizable tannins wrap themselves around flavors of tobacco, juicy plum and oaky vanilla, finishing dry and ripe."	Cellar 1879 Blend	87	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Markham 2012 Cellar 1879 Blend Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Markham
US	"Soft, approachable and easily structured, this Sangiovese and Montepulciano blend brings forth cherry bubble-gum flavors in a completely gulpable way."	Texican	84	23	Texas	Texas High Plains		Alexander Peartree		Los Pinos Ranch 2015 Texican Red (Texas High Plains)	Red Blend	Los Pinos Ranch
US	This unidentified blend is simple and ripe with flavors of cola and cherry candy.		81	13	California	California	California Other			Insatiable NV Red (California)	Red Blend	Insatiable
US	"A very good Merlot except for some sharpness. The wine is dry and finely tannic, with black and red cherry, mocha, dried herb and tobacco flavors."		87	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Folie à Deux 2008 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Folie à Deux
US	"Merlot (56%) and Cabernet Franc (38%) make up the majority of this wine, with the balance Petit Verdot and Malbec. The aromas are all high toned and somewhat locked up, with notes of herb, dried flower, chocolate and cherry. The palate offers a sense of sophistication and restraint, showing a lot of polish."	Uriah Estate Grown	91	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Spring Valley Vineyard 2014 Uriah Estate Grown Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Spring Valley Vineyard
Portugal	"The wine is soft, and full of fruit with attractive spicy black currant flavors. Dominated by the rounded Tinta Roriz, it is an easy wine to drink young."	Castello d'Alba Colheita	86	10	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rui Roboredo Madeira 2015 Castello d'Alba Colheita Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Rui Roboredo Madeira
US	"Black as coal, with a heavy, smoky, meaty nose, this is one of a growing number of excellent biodynamic Syrahs from Oregon. It marries tangy acids to chewy red and blue fruits, with streaks of coffee liqueur and caramel latté. Half was whole-cluster fermented, and it all spent time in 50% new French oak."	Reserve	92	75	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cowhorn 2013 Reserve Syrah (Applegate Valley)	Syrah	Cowhorn
US	"This Merlot-based blend is dry, hard in tannins and brisk in acids. It has an intense core of blackberries, black currants and oak. Ready to drink now, it needs rich, oily foods, like short ribs, to cut through the astringency."	The Immigrant	87	40	California	Paicines	Central Coast			Donati 2011 The Immigrant Red (Paicines)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Donati
US	"A very good Syrah, easily the winery's best in years. It's most notable for the power of its flavors, offering a flood of black-pepper-infused cured meat and ripe black cherry. The richness is wrapped into firm tannins. With its long finish, this should provide pleasant drinking over the next few years."	White Hawk Vineyard	90	44	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Damian Rae 2009 White Hawk Vineyard Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Damian Rae
South Africa	"A taut but expressive nose of minerals, pepper and red fruit lead this lovely wine from Stellensbosch. The velvety, mouthfilling flavors of slightly sweet berry and spice are luxuriant, and the finish is long. Soft and refined but memorable. A beautiful wine with ageable appeal."	Cobblers Hill	90	38	Stellenbosch			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Jardin 2004 Cobblers Hill Red (Stellenbosch)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Jardin
US	"A confectionary note of marshmallow gives way to lighter intimations of citrus and sour-apple skin, making for a confusing combination of ripeness and tartness."	Zephyr's Block	85	38	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fogline Vineyards 2014 Zephyr's Block Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Fogline Vineyards
France	"While showing too much wood at the moment, this wine has potential. The red berries and black currants promise a fruity future with good tannins in support. Give the wine a few years and drink from 2019."		89	83	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Larrivet Haut-Brion 2013  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Larrivet Haut-Brion
France	"This perfumed wine has light, ripe fruits and soft tannins. Red cherry and raspberry flavors dominate the palate of a wine that is still young. Drink this attractive wine from 2017."	Côte de Reigny	88	22	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Sautereau 2014 Côte de Reigny  (Sancerre)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Sautereau
US	"This Cabernet doesn't show any signs of age, even though it's more than four years old. It's still fresh and powerful in tannins, with intensely concentrated blackberry and cassis fruit. With an impeccable structure, it should easily negotiate the next decade. Cellar it."	Monte Rosso	92	70	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Arrowood 2006 Monte Rosso Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Arrowood
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, with 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this offers aromas of ripe blackberry, baking spice, toasted oak and a balsamic note. The round, savory palate offers black cherry, ground pepper, anise, espresso and tobacco alongside polished tannins."	Famiglia Zingarelli Riserva	91	26	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rocca delle Macìe 2012 Famiglia Zingarelli Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Rocca delle Macìe
US	"Made from grapes planted in 2006, this Syrah reflects its young-vine fruit in the form of light, primary, somewhat grapy flavors. It shows traces of herb and tobacco, which are balanced by tannins. All in all, this a promising start for this new vineyard block."	Red Willow Vineyard	88	25	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Eight Bells 2010 Red Willow Vineyard Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Eight Bells
US	"Fleshy and ripe with flavors of sweet yellow peach touched with honey, this is an easy going medium-sweet Riesling. There's a touch of savory smoke and spice that persists from nose to finish, but overall, it's bright and sunny with lingering lemon acidity."	Select	85	13	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wagner 2012 Select Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Wagner
New Zealand	"I've always thought of Seifried—perhaps because of Hermann's Austrian heritage—as a white-wine producer, but this Pinot Noir is a strong effort. The palate brings Bing cherry and faint herbal notes, with a taut, medium body and a long, mouthwatering finish showcasing fine fruit. Drink now–2018."		89	25	Nelson			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Seifried 2013 Pinot Noir (Nelson)	Pinot Noir	Seifried
US	"Hints of smoke and crushed minerals lend a savory tone to this dependable classic from Red Newt, accenting subtle flavors of white peach and nectarine. It's delicate in frame, but penetrating lemon-lime acidity jolts the palate."	Circle	88	13	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Red Newt Cellars 2012 Circle Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Red Newt Cellars
Portugal	"This attractive, fruity wine comes from vineyards in the Douro Superior region close to Spain. It is a fresh wine with red berry fruit flavors and bright acidity. It is still young although the fruitiness is enough to give a bright wine that is ready to drink now."	Castello d'Alba	86	11	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rui Roboredo Madeira 2014 Castello d'Alba Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Rui Roboredo Madeira
US	"This rich, mouth-coating effort marries Meyer lemon, pink grapefruit and white peach to sappy acidity. It persistently pushes through the palate into a lingering finish, with a lip-licking snap that invites the next sip."	Durant Vineyard	91	29	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Goodfellow 2013 Durant Vineyard Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Goodfellow
Spain	"Initially, this gives off a note of iodine, which in due time transitions to minerality with red-fruit notes. Reflective of 2013, this feels raw and tannic, while plum and berry flavors are limited in scope. Drawing tannins and acid-driven red-fruit flavors carry the finish."		88	22	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Sastre 2013  Ribera del Duero	Tempranillo	Viña Sastre
France	Ripe tropical fruits permeate this ready-to-drink wine. Pineapple and mango flavors have just enough acidity to keep this generous wine crisp. Drink now.	Cuvée Jean-Jacques de Boissieu	87	45	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Lavernette 2015 Cuvée Jean-Jacques de Boissieu  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Château de Lavernette
France	"Named after the daughter of owner Alain Thiénot, this Champagne comes from the Montagne de Reims. Full and rich, it is mature with toast and almond flavors as much as fruit. The vanilla flavor is balanced by the acidity and tight, zesty aftertaste. Drink now."	Cuvée Garance Blanc de Rouges	92	100	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Thiénot 2007 Cuvée Garance Blanc de Rouges Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Thiénot
US	"Well-rounded and integrated strawberry, black plum and licorice aromas show on the nose of this appellation blend from Paso Robles' most exciting Italian variety producer. It's light and easy on the palate, with red plum, cranberry and chaparral herb flavors packed tightly with tannin. It's good now but will improve with age."		90	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Giornata 2014 Sangiovese (Paso Robles)	Sangiovese	Giornata
South Africa	"There's a forward lush, toasty character to this wine, which opens with smoky, oaky notes alongside fruity tones of pink apple and rich melon. The round, broad palate offers more of the same, with flavors of creamed pear and buttery baked apple that are balanced by ample acidity, lending freshness to the close."		91	80	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Capensis 2013 Chardonnay (Western Cape)	Chardonnay	Capensis
US	"Rich doesn't begin to describe this Chard. It's humongous in pie-filling and grilled peaches, pears, pineapples and papayas, while 50% new oak adds all sorts of buttercream, crème brûlée and smoked butter layers. Yet the wine shows a minerality that grounds and balances it. Very fancy stuff, and should age for up to six years."		93	50	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Sonoma Coast Vineyards 2006 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Sonoma Coast Vineyards
US	"Brooding smoke, purple fruit and violet aromas are followed by sumptuous fruit and barrel flavors in this Syrah. Barrel notes linger on the finish, feeling a bit raw but not detracting from the overall enjoyment."	Stillwater Creek Vineyard	90	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Novelty Hill 2014 Stillwater Creek Vineyard Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Novelty Hill
US	"Blended with 15% Petit Verdot, this wine is big and brooding in tannin and charred oak, with a sizable presence on the palate. It dabbles in ripe, full-bodied black cherry, plum and tar."	Money Road Vineyard	85	24	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gibbs 2013 Money Road Vineyard Merlot (Oakville)	Merlot	Gibbs
France	"Although this blend of 75% Syrah, 15% Mourvèdre and 10% Grenache spends 18 months in French oak, the outcome is surprisingly balanced and elegant, with gorgeous mineral notes to the bouquet alongside earthy spice, garrigue and ripe red berries. Everything transitions seamlessly to the smooth mouth, with a silky structure that provides a bit of grip to the close. Drink now through 2014."	Belvèze	90	30	Languedoc-Roussillon	Minervois		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Château Cabezac 2007 Belvèze Red (Minervois)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château Cabezac
US	"Sourced from the Clifton Hill vineyard, this is a supple and fruity Syrah, with exceptional depth of flavor. A mix of tart cherry and plum fruit, it's annotated with notes of graphite, ash, tobacco and dark chocolate."	Silo Reserve	93	30	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rulo 2009 Silo Reserve Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	Rulo
US	"This is a surprisingly early release for the grape, which the winery ages on American and French oak. Tar and pepper are already ready on the nose, but the elements could use some time to coalesce. Right now, there are slightly sour blackberries and a woody bitterness, proving to be more about texture and tannins than flavors. Give it until 2016"		86	20	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Brander 2013 Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Brander
US	"This wine is sourced from a handful of stellar vineyards, including Pratt, Dutton, Sullivan and Chenoweth. It was given 18 months in French oak, all of it twice-used or older, which contributes to an integrated, understated wood presence that's refreshing in its restraint. Creamy acidity and a taste of baked bread cradles lemon zest and almond before a crisp, lengthy finish."		90	48	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	La Pitchoune 2013 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	La Pitchoune
Portugal	"Aged for three months on its lees in small clay amphoras, this wine has a juicy, fruity character. The red fruits and crisp acidity are impressive and fascinating. Its texture and tannins suggest further aging, so drink from 2018."	Herdade de São Miguel Art.Terra Amphora Tinto	91	23	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas 2016 Herdade de São Miguel Art.Terra Amphora Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas
US	"A great first effort from the new Jaxon Keys winery's estate Sauvignon Blanc vineyard, with green apple, pear, ripe melon and honey prominent throughout the wine's rich, creamy texture, with just a touch of key lime. A great example of inland Mendocino Sauvignon Blanc."		89	15	California	Mendocino County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jaxon Keys 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Mendocino County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Jaxon Keys
US	"Honeyed apple crisp and salty pretzel pave the way for a complex, compelling wine, the acidity high and the floral apple blossom and nutmeg intriguing. The middle shows a youthful tease of impermanence before finishing strong."	Kite Tail	90	44	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cuvaison 2014 Kite Tail Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Cuvaison
US	"Coming from the cool 2011 vintage, this wine seems to bear more resemblance to Cabernet Sauvignon than Merlot with its notes of plum, herbs and bell pepper. The sweet cherry and vanilla flavors are buffeted by firm, dry tannins with a vanilla-filled finish."		85	18	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Desert Wind 2011 Merlot (Wahluke Slope)	Merlot	Desert Wind
Australia	"This is a full-bodied, well structured Cabernet, with plenty of intense cassis fruit tinged with minty, herbal overtones that give it a slightly medicinal cast. Give it 2-3 years to develop additional complexity, then drink it over the next 7-8 years."	Enterprise Vineyard	88	40	South Australia	Clare Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Knappstein 2003 Enterprise Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Clare Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Knappstein
France	"Full and soft, this wine is a rounded style of rosé. Ripe strawberry flavors are cut with crisper raspberries. The wine, produced at the Pessac-Léognan estate of Domaine de Chevalier, has attractive, refreshing acidity to complete a harmonious package. Drink now."	Rosé de Chevalier	88	16	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Chevalier 2015 Rosé de Chevalier Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Domaine de Chevalier
France	"With some weight, this has raspberry flavor to go with its sweetness. Berry fruits dominate in a wine that is full in the mouth."		84	16	Loire Valley	Rosé d'Anjou		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fesles 2010  Rosé d'Anjou	Rosé	Château de Fesles
Italy	"Grillo, Catarratto and Chardonnay are blended together to produce a rich and creamy white wine, with overtones of vanilla, apricot and honey. It is fresh, not at all heavy or flat."	Piano Maltese	88	13	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Tenuta Rapitalà 2011 Piano Maltese White (Sicilia)	White Blend	Tenuta Rapitalà
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon (80%) makes up the majority of this wine, with the rest equal parts Cabernet Franc and Merlot. Aromas of high-toned green herbs, spice, black cherry and blackberry lead to lively cranberry and cherry flavors. It shows a sense of freshness, though at times it seems a bit green."	Frederick Estate Grown	89	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Spring Valley Vineyard 2013 Frederick Estate Grown Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Spring Valley Vineyard
US	"Shy, timid notes of white peach and tropical fruit are offset by hints of vanilla and nutty biscuit. It feels medium to full bodied, but this lacks intensity and concentration overall. A touch of spice on the midpalate adds interest."		83	28	Virginia	Monticello				Keswick Vineyards 2011 Chardonnay (Monticello)	Chardonnay	Keswick Vineyards
Austria	"It's obvious from the alcohol that the Merlot here was very ripe. But, happily, it doesn't taste that way. The balance of rich raisin and red plum flavors are well balanced by acidity. There is some smokiness from wood, the ripeness finishing freshly with a black cherry taste."		89	26	Burgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Hans Moser 2006 Merlot (Burgenland)	Merlot	Hans Moser
US	"With its black pepper, cassis, beef jerky and Provençal herb flavors, this Syrah offers rich, complex drinking at a fair price. Fully dry, its tannins are thick, but very finely ground. Shows class and elegance through the long, spicy finish."	Punchdown	91	25	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Spicerack 2006 Punchdown Syrah (Sonoma Coast)	Syrah	Spicerack
Argentina	"Mild white-fruit aromas come with overt oak scents. A theme of heavy oak is continued on this barrel-driven blend of Tocai, Viognier, Pinot Gris and Chardonnay. Woody flavors outweigh milder spiced apple notes, while this remains oak-dominated on the finish."	Gran Vin	87	30	Mendoza Province	Vista Flores		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Blanchard & Lurton 2014 Gran Vin White (Vista Flores)	White Blend	Blanchard & Lurton
Italy	"A blend of 85% Sangiovese and 15% Cabernet Sauvignon, it has aromas of blueberry and blue flower. The palate offers sour cherry and prune accented with hints of white pepper and green bell pepper alongside bitter tannins. Overall this feels lean and lacks freshness. It's not an ager so drink soon."	Santa Maria	85	18	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Marchesi de' Frescobaldi 2011 Santa Maria  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Marchesi de' Frescobaldi
France	This blend of and Syrah is more ripe fruit than freshness. It is rounded and soft with caramel and spice flavors as well as rich strawberries. Drink now.	La Saignée	84	18	Southwest France	Fronton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine le Roc 2015 La Saignée Rosé (Fronton)	Rosé	Domaine le Roc
Italy	"This wine opens with aromas of leafy underbrush, meat juices and stewed prunes. The palate initially reveals rich black plum combined with extremely sweet sensations of cherry syrup. But the fruit doesn't stand up to the assertive and astringent tannins that generate a hollow midpalate and an abrupt, bitter finish."		87	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio Rubino 2009  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Poggio Rubino
US	"As the name implies, this is a soft wine, with gentle tannins and acids. It's ripe in cherry and blackberry jam flavors that finish simple and sweet."	Liquid Velvet	84	20	California	California	California Other			Lockwood 2011 Liquid Velvet Red (California)	Red Blend	Lockwood
US	"Slightly shy dark fruit, spice and gravel aromas show on the nose of this affordably priced bottling. Cranberry, dried herb and mineral flavors are apparent on the palate, which finishes on a fruit punch note."		87	14	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Estancia 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Estancia
US	"This wine is a blend of Sangiovese (52%), Cabernet Sauvignon (32%) and Syrah. Aromas of bittersweet chocolate, herb, pencil lead, smoke, cranberry and dark fruit lead to palate-coating black-fruit flavors that display depth and density. It shows a lovely sense of balance and detail."		91	50	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Saggi 2014 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Saggi
Italy	"Structured but poised, it opens with balsamic aromas of menthol, red berries, blue flower, Asian spices and a hint of new leather. The succulent palate offers dark cherry accented with notes of mint, lemon sage and chocolate alongside polished tannins and just enough freshness. It's delicious and already approachable so enjoy soon."		92	65	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Altesino 2009  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Altesino
Chile	"Rubbery, raw aromas of tomato and red fruits show a sweet note of milk chocolate. Tight, wiry and tough on the palate, this tastes mostly of red fruits and herbs. A lasting, herbal finish tastes a little salty."	Nimbus Single Vineyard	87	15	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2014 Nimbus Single Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viña Casablanca
Italy	"This white wine from Basilicata delivers sweet fruit aromas of passion fruit, green melon, papaya and peach. But there are also drying mineral tones that give it a clean and polished feel."	Re Manfredi	87	22	Southern Italy	Basilicata				Terre degli Svevi 2007 Re Manfredi White (Basilicata)	White Blend	Terre degli Svevi
US	"This powerful Cabernet Sauvignon calls on 13% Malbec to further its brawn, the mix spending two years in entirely new French oak. Hugely muscular, it needs time to calm its masterfully ripe fruit and dark layers of clove spice, and to further soften its tannins and coax out the shy component of herb. The vineyard behind the wine is Bismark within the newly named Moon Mountain District."	Winemaker's Cuvée	90	64	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ram's Gate 2010 Winemaker's Cuvée Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ram's Gate
France	"This is a ripe impressive style of Pouilly. It has all the right minerality along with a rich texture plus melon and yellow fruits. With concentration and acidity in equal measure, the wine needs to age. Drink from 2018."		91	30	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Trouillet 2015  Pouilly-Fuissé	Chardonnay	Domaine Trouillet
US	"The oak contributes buttered toast, butterscotch and caramel flavors to this dry, crisp wine, but the underlying fruit isn't strong enough to support all that weight. Shows only modest flavors of pineapples, kiwis and minerals. Disappointing."	Mitsuko's Vineyard	85	25	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Clos Pegase 2007 Mitsuko's Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Clos Pegase
France	This wine has great fruit with soft tannins and accessible soft black currant fruitiness. A slight earthiness at the end needs to become better integrated. Drink from 2017.		86	20	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fonbel 2012  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Fonbel
New Zealand	"This is textbook Marlborough Pinot Noir, featuring aromas that hint at mushroom, beetroot and ripe cherries. The palate is on the light side, with silky tannins and crisp acids that bend the fruit toward pie cherry and cranberry on the tart finish. Drink now."		86	18	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Marlborough Estate Reserve 2013 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Marlborough Estate Reserve
US	"This is simple, pleasant, with whispers of melon, apple and even celery, set against light acids and herbs."		85	17	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Buried Cane 2006 Chardonnay (Washington)	Chardonnay	Buried Cane
Austria	"Lemon and pear take center stage on the nose while the palate presents zesty freshness and wonderful texture. While these Viennese field blends are wonderfully varied, they always are fresh and textured, joyful and food friendly. This wine will lend energy to any repast with its clarion calls of freshness and verve."		91	23	Wiener Gemischter Satz			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Stift Klosterneuburg 2015 White (Wiener Gemischter Satz)	White Blend	Stift Klosterneuburg
US	"A dark, brooding showcase of many of Shake Ridge Vineyards's finest varieties mixed into one inviting bottle. With 31% Syrah, 28% Primitivo, 18% Petite Sirah, 10% Mourvèdre, 7% Malbec and 6% Merlot, this wine has baked plum and dark bright cherry predominantly, followed by a grip of tobacco and cinnamon spice. Have it with roasted meat and potatoes."	Shake Ridge Red	88	28	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Yorba 2007 Shake Ridge Red Red (Amador County)	Red Blend	Yorba
Chile	"Full and confident on the nose, with a wide range of berry aromas. The palate is medium in weight and power, but the flavors are entirely ripe and juicy, with an emphasis on raspberry and plum. Not overpowering but still it shows Chile's ability to produce wall-to-wall red wines at moderate prices."	Reserva	87	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilcas 2006 Reserva Syrah (Maule Valley)	Syrah	Chilcas
US	"Shows the impeccable viticulture and winemaking talent that mark all of Jarvis's red wines. The tannins and acidity are considerable, giving the cherry flavor such a nice bite. A lovely wine to drink now with steak or Italian-inspired beef dishes."	Estate Grown Cave Fermented	90	70	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Jarvis 2010 Estate Grown Cave Fermented Tempranillo (Napa Valley)	Tempranillo	Jarvis
Italy	"Offers soft, ripe fruit, powered with acidity and flavors of hazelnuts and ripe apples. A touch of caramel completes the wine's complexity."		89	13	Veneto	Soave Classico Superiore		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Inama 2001  Soave Classico Superiore	White Blend	Inama
US	"Still tight, and expertly crafted and structured, this single-vineyard estate wine is meticulous in velvety, plush texture, completely seductive at every angle. Rich red cherry, pomegranate and vanilla improvise against one another without ever missing a beat, finishing in fully integrated flavor. Drink now through 2022."	Katherine Lindsay Estate	96	85	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Paul Hobbs 2012 Katherine Lindsay Estate Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Paul Hobbs
Spain	"Dusty red-fruit aromas come with earthy, leathery tones. It feels tight, drawn and resiny, with hard spice and oak flavor. There's not much fruit to ponder, and the finish is dried out, with a woody note."	Reserva	83	13	Central Spain	Valdepeñas		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Albali 2007 Reserva Tempranillo (Valdepeñas)	Tempranillo	Viña Albali
Chile	"Opens with aromas of black cherry, pepper, herbs and rubber. The palate is sort of flat and low in intensity, with smooth but basic flavors of vanilla and berry compote. Tastes sort of roasted and minty on the finish, but also full and sweet."	Estate Collection	85	9	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viu Manent 2008 Estate Collection Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viu Manent
US	"Sizable, tightly woven tannin wraps itself around black fruit with moderate acidity in this thick, tangy wine, which has 9% Merlot, 5% Cabernet Franc and 3% Petit Verdot within the blend. Given less than two years in French oak, 60% of it new, it's an approachable, enjoyable wine that will also age. Drink now through 2021."		91	66	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cakebread 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cakebread
US	"This wine brings immediate appeal, with notes of blueberry, vanilla and baking spices. The palate is sweet and supple, with plentiful blue-fruit flavors that linger."	Three Legged	90	19	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dunham 2014 Three Legged Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Dunham
US	"An easy wine to drink now, this is rich and mellow with black cherry. raspberry jam and exotic spice flavors. Feels rich in the mouth, with supportive tannins and a nice bite of acidity for balance. Not an ager, but a fine example of how Napa brings elegance to Zin's country-cousin personality."		89	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Frog's Leap 2011 Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Frog's Leap
	"This is a reasonably rich, concentrated example of Pinot Gris, but one that seems a bit repressed aromatically. It hints rather than suggests at fig, pear and melon, before ending on a weighty note."		86	19				Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Mt. Beautiful 2014 Pinot Gris	Pinot Gris	Mt. Beautiful
France	"Seductively rich notes of peach and yellow plum entice the nose. They also bathe the palate in a very luscious light, counteracted by fresh mousse and balancing, taut freshness. This is a lovely synthesis of rich fruit and dry restraint, fizzing away with pleasure. The finish is long, dry and lemony."	Brut	90	20	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Fernand Engel NV Brut Chardonnay (Alsace)	Chardonnay	Domaine Fernand Engel
US	"You should give this some time in the cellar, because right now, it's all about juicy primary raspberry and cherry fruit and sweet, smoky oak. Nothing's come together. We know that Pinot Noirs from these southerly, north-facing slopes of the valley yield wines of longevity, and this well-made, tart one, from such a well-regarded vineyard, should reward after 4–6 years."	The Ringneck La Encantada	92	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Armanino Family Cellars 2008 The Ringneck La Encantada Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Armanino Family Cellars
US	"Flavor is what this Zin is all about. It's deep and long in blackberry jam, black currants, raisins, cassis liqueur and black-pepper spice, along with a hint of smoky oak. The tannins are firm and the finish is dry."	Timber Crest Vineyard	88	32	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Kokomo 2011 Timber Crest Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Kokomo
US	"Zesty and spry, this acid-focused dry Riesling is refreshing and lemony. Light bodied and stark in character, it's not deeply concentrated or complex, but accented with interesting touches of pollen and mineral dust."	Humphreys Vineyard	85	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Swedish Hill 2013 Humphreys Vineyard Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Swedish Hill
Italy	"Aromas of game, cured meat, mature violet and a whiff of barnyard lead the nose. It's extremely simple and diluted, with fleeting tannins and brisk acidity. Tried two bottles, same notes."		82	37	Piedmont	Ghemme		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Chiosso 2008  Ghemme	Nebbiolo	Il Chiosso
France	"Named after the Roman emperor who allowed planting of vines in Cahors (and elsewhere in France), this wine is a fine expression of rich, concentrated Malbec. It is powered by its tannins and young black fruits at this stage and needs several years to present its full, rich and concentrated potential. From 2019, this will be a serious wine."	Clos Triguedina Probus	93	70	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Luc Baldès 2013 Clos Triguedina Probus Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Jean-Luc Baldès
US	"Sharp acidity accentuates the tannins in this aggressive, dry Syrah, giving the blackberry and cherry flavors a jamminess that suggests pie filling. The official alcohol is amazingly low at 12.4%."	Que Syrah Vineyard	85	35	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Bodega Rancho 2009 Que Syrah Vineyard Syrah (Sonoma Coast)	Syrah	Bodega Rancho
France	"Intense acidity and a mineral texture show the northern origins of this wine. It is all citrus and grapefruit, the green apple flavors adding a tense texture."		87	29	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Garnier et Fils 2010  Chablis	Chardonnay	Garnier et Fils
Spain	"Initially, this smells horsey, minty and not entirely clean or clear. A full chunky but clumsy palate is home to dark toasty flavors of clove and spice, while fruit notes are secondary. Barrel-driven mint, spice and clove flavors dominate the finish."		88	16	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tineta 2015  Ribera del Duero	Tempranillo	Tineta
US	"This single-block, one-barrel reserve is the best of the 2010 reserve Pinots from Coeur de Terre. It's medium ripe, with pretty accents of rose petals and milk chocolate, around raspberry fruit. Showing well already, it's a wine to drink young."	Abby's Block Reserve	88	58	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coeur de Terre 2010 Abby's Block Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Coeur de Terre
US	"A wonderful minerality, like a lick of cold granite, grounds and complicates this Chardonnay. Without that stoniness, it would be just another tropical fruit and oaky Chard, good and dry and tart, but mainstream. Yet that taste of terroir lifts it above the ordinary. Don't drink it too cold, and decant it if you can for an hour or two."	Rosella's Vineyard	92	40	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Loring Wine Company 2012 Rosella's Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Loring Wine Company
France	"Close to the Listrac vineyards and with the same ownership as Cap Léon Veyrin, this estate is on some of the same limestone soil as that appellation. The wine is structured and tight with firm tannins. The 55% of Merlot does suggest a juicy character although this will take time to develop and fill out. Drink from 2020."		88	17	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bibian 2014  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Bibian
Chile	"Creamy plum and raspberry aromas are a touch medicinal and herbal. Full and thick in the mouth, with a creamy texture, meatiness and sizable strawberry, black cherry and plum flavors. Tastes a bit herbal and minty on the finish."	Corralillo	86	28	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matetic 2010 Corralillo Pinot Noir (San Antonio)	Pinot Noir	Matetic
Italy	"Here's a fun refreshing sparkler that offers delicate scents suggesting red berry and a whiff of candied citrus zest. The lively palate offers strawberry, red currant and apple alongside tangy acidity. It finishes clean and crisp."	Rosé	89	30	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Altemasi NV Rosé Sparkling (Trento)	Sparkling Blend	Altemasi
US	"Pinot Noir is not often blended (Champagne being the clear exception), but here it is partnered with 23% Syrah from Southern Oregon. The results are mixed, with neither grape showing much varietal character. A lightly fruity, cherry-flavored red, it finishes with some stiff tannins."	Recumbent	86	20	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gresser NV Recumbent Red (Oregon)	Red Blend	Gresser
France	"Very fruity and soft, this wine blends tropical pineapple aromas with a crisper, lemon zest palate. It's a gentle wine, its acidity tamed by the ripe fruits. Screwcap,"	Cuvée Jeanne	85	12	Southwest France	Côtes de Gascogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Tortoise Creek 2012 Cuvée Jeanne Sauvignon Blanc (Côtes de Gascogne)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tortoise Creek
US	"Lots of lusciousness in this blush Zin. It may be technically dry, like the label says, but there's a lush fruitiness to the strawberry, watermelon, vanilla and spice flavors. What a great summer brunch wine this is."	Dry Rosé of	88	12	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Pedroncelli 2012 Dry Rosé of Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Pedroncelli
US	"One of the bolder, more tannic red blends, this full-bodied wine has cedar and cinnamon aromas, flavors like boysenberry jam and a nicely gripping texture. Well balanced by firm acidity, it stays lively. The wine is made with 46% Malbec, plus Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon."	RAJA Cuvée	87	24	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Jigar 2012 RAJA Cuvée Red (Mendocino County)	Red Blend	Jigar
France	"The nose is still shy, with hints of lemon. This note also characterize the slender, dry and still-taut palate which also has a textured earthy element on which these lovely bright citrus accents are displayed. The finish is dry on this slender, young wine. Drink 2017–2025."	Kirchberg de Ribeauville Grand Cru	92	33	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	André Kientzler 2016 Kirchberg de Ribeauville Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	André Kientzler
US	"With this wine that comes from the cool 2010 vintage, you have to strain to hear the notes of cranberry, herbs and orange peel. The style is light, almost faint though remaining well executed."	Barrel Select	86	28	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Girardet 2010 Barrel Select Pinot Noir (Umpqua Valley)	Pinot Noir	Girardet
Australia	"A boldy flavored, tropical-fruit-laden wine that brings back memories of the late '80s Chards that helped put Australia on America's wine map, for style and price. Amply textured, with mouthwatering peach and mango notes. Drink now."		85	8	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Queensgate 2009 Chardonnay (South Eastern Australia)	Chardonnay	Queensgate
US	"This is a simple blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec mostly, that's lively and slightly spritzy. Strawberry, cranberry and cassis appear, as walls of dry tannins spark on the finish."	Five Sisters Blend	85	38	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	J. Rickards 2013 Five Sisters Blend Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	J. Rickards
France	"This is a bright, ripe wine. It has a sense of lightness, attractive acidity and black currant flavors. This delicious, juicy wine will be ready to drink in another few months."		89	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Rauzan Despagne 2011  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Rauzan Despagne
France	"The spicy wood is prominent here. It balances the red-berry fruits and bright acidity. That makes for a perfumed, juicy wine that will finish fresh and crisp."		85	15	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Grand Pierre 2014  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château du Grand Pierre
Austria	Creamy notes introduce an earthier dimension to this lemon-scented wine that has an equally lemon-focused core and a rather slender body. This is slight and cannot make up its mind whether it wants to be sharp or creamy—so it oscillates between these poles.	Steinhaus Reserve	89	30	Kamptal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Hiedler 2014 Steinhaus Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Hiedler
Argentina	"Dense aromas of fig, prune, cassis and blackberry are more mellow than monstrous. In the mouth, this Cabernet feels chunky, ripe and fully tannic. Savory berry fruit flavors and notes of cured meats and jerky finish a bit flat, with a lasting flavor of oaky chocolate. Drink through 2022."	Reserva	92	40	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Las Vertientes 2014 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Las Vertientes
Italy	"This no-fuss red opens with aromas of red berry and underbrush. The cheerful palate offers strawberry, cinnamon and a hint of orange peel accompanied by smooth tannins. It's made to be enjoyed young so drink soon."	Il Sangiovese	87	21	Central Italy	Romagna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Noelia Ricci 2015 Il Sangiovese Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Noelia Ricci
Chile	"From the outset this is woody and artificial in style. Aromas of milk chocolate and clove are strange and forced. In the mouth, this feels wiry but also gummy, with clove-heavy oak and tannic bite. In general, this is overly woody, candied and seemingly not natural."	Reserva	82	14	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2014 Reserva Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Santa Ema
US	"Clear, well-defined varietal scents of pepper, licorice and boysenberry cut through, with a hint of fresh-cut tobacco. A substrate of granite underscores this ripe, supple, medium-long wine with good grip and a polished mouthfeel. Drink 2015 through 2020."	Estate Grown	89	38	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Girardet 2012 Estate Grown Syrah (Umpqua Valley)	Syrah	Girardet
US	"Firm and full of fresh pear and apple and white peach fruit flavors. A clever blend that includes Muscat, Viognier and Riesling. Crisp and full-bodied, with a very clean and refreshing mouthfeel that extends into a bright, satisfying finish."		90	9	Washington	Rattlesnake Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hyatt Vineyards 2008 Pinot Gris (Rattlesnake Hills)	Pinot Gris	Hyatt Vineyards
US	"Dark red in color this Pinot has a sweetness on the nose and is otherwise flat, not offering much in terms of flavor, texture or finish."		81	20	California	North Coast	North Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lola 2011 Pinot Noir (North Coast)	Pinot Noir	Lola
US	"This leads with light baking spice and apple pie aromas. The palate is broad, with abundant vanilla flavors that suggest strong oak influence."		87	17	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	The Conqueror 2015 Chardonnay (Horse Heaven Hills)	Chardonnay	The Conqueror
US	"Supple and seamless, this lightly spicy wine is a good all-purpose white. The clean, crisp fruit touches on kiwi, pear and a hint of green banana. Vinified in stainless steel, it's a refreshing wine that should be enjoyed soon."		88	14	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rainstorm 2016 Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	Rainstorm
US	"Ripe flavors of orange and tropical fruit jam abound, with a buttered toast richness from the oak. Its appeal is all upfront, with a simple, popular sweetness."		85	35	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			16X20 2010 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	16X20
US	"Impenetrably dark in color, this potent wine marries black fruit to ample barrel accents of smoke and char. Though aged in just 5% new French oak, those dark scents and flavors permeate the wine. It's a style with broad appeal."	Barrel Select	91	30	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abacela 2014 Barrel Select Malbec (Umpqua Valley)	Malbec	Abacela
US	"If you're not sure what Pinot Gris/Grigio is like and want a good starter version, try this one. It's sweet like applesauce but dry like lemons, a seemingly impossible feat until you taste it. Plus, it's creamy from barrel fermentation, so it feels lush."		87	16	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley			Bergström 2000 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Bergström
France	"This wine is firm with solid tannins. It has rich fruit and concentration with layers of blackberry and dark plums. It comes from a small seven-acre property and is aged for 15 months in wood. This impressive wine needs to age, so drink from 2022."	Cuvée Excellence	92	35	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lafleur du Roy 2015 Cuvée Excellence  (Pomerol)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lafleur du Roy
Italy	"Underbrush, dried herb, raisin, saddle leather and balsamic aromas follow over to the ripe palate along with dried cherry, crushed herb and ground clove. Taut tightly wound tannins provide a grippy framework. Give the tannins a few years to unwind then drink to capture the remaining fruit."	Specola	90	97	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Luigi Oddero & Figli 2011 Specola  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Luigi Oddero & Figli
US	"This small-production wine from two spectacular sites in the Petaluma Gap is robustly earthy and spicy, showing compost and blue fruit flavor. Broadly structured, it expands on the palate, its finish dotted with black tea and clove."		92	65	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Guarachi Family 2015 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Guarachi Family
Argentina	"Despite showing somewhat volatile berry aromas, this is more than solid as a whole. Wiry angularity on the palate is offset by fleshy berry fruit, while flavors of plum, blackberry and salt are a touch grassy in front of a superficial finish that's slightly hot."		85	7	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Torrevieja 2015 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Torrevieja
US	"This gorgeous new release, from a young winery with a Riesling focus, is resplendent with an enticing mix of flowers, fruits and stone. The scents well up from the glass and the flavors fill the mouth with a lively zest, pulling together streaks of lemon, lime, nectarine and apricot, accented with citrus rind and wet rock, honey and lemon tea."	Estate	93	24	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2009 Estate Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Trisaetum
New Zealand	Imported by Kobrand.	Kidnappers Vineyard	88	24	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Craggy Range 2007 Kidnappers Vineyard Chardonnay (Hawke's Bay)	Chardonnay	Craggy Range
France	"This wine is concentrated and dense. Big tannins flow up through this wine, giving shape to the ripe black fruit. In the back, acidity dominates bright red berries and the potential for a rich, generous future. The wine will age over many years. Drink from 2022."		95	353	Burgundy	Mazis-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Faiveley 2014  Mazis-Chambertin	Pinot Noir	Domaine Faiveley
France	"This is a generous fruity wine with ripe tannins and plenty of black currants. There is a good amount of Cabernet Franc (32%) in this perfumed wine, giving both the structure and the dusty tannins. This is ready to drink."		90	25	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Moncets 2012  Lalande de Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Moncets
US	"A blend of 97% Cabernet Sauvignon and 8% Petit Verdot, this wine speaks to power, offering juicy, velvety texture around brawny components of leather, coffee and black plum. Concentrated and intense, it needs time to open in the glass before pairing with thick cuts of meat."	Generations	90	125	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Raymond 2012 Generations Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Raymond
US	"This deftly hits on all cylinders, delivering big fruit, firm acid, fresh mineral and rich, toasty new-barrel highlights. Juicy, textural and deep, it's a wine to gulp, to savor and to share."	The Big Sissy	94	38	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gorman 2013 The Big Sissy Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Gorman
France	"The vineyards of this estate are on a ridge overlooking the Garonne river. The wine is packed with black fruits and rich tannins. Still with its dry tannins, it has a ripe future of fruit and tense acidity. Produced by a group of 12 investors, six from Bordeaux and six from Burgundy, it is a serious wine, ready to drink from 2019."		88	28	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Réaut 2012  Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Réaut
Italy	"This vibrant red has red berry, new leather and fresh herb aromas that meld together. The sleek, light-bodied palate offers juicy wild cherry, cinnamon and a hint of star anise set against racy acidity and fine-grained tannins."		87	26	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Verrazzano 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Castello di Verrazzano
US	"A tremendous wine that shows how Merryvale is absolutely at the top of its game. Impeccable in structure, with refined tannins that are soft and firm at the same time, and a fine cut of acidity. Entirely dry, the Cabernet Sauvignon-based blend is awesome in blackberry, cherry, cassis and oak flavors, with complexities of anise, soy sauce, grilled meats and minerals. Beyond the particulars, it just feels dramatic and rich in the mouth. A great wine that should develop in the bottle over the next decade."	Profile	97	165	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Merryvale 2008 Profile Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Merryvale
Italy	"Pretty aromas of red berry, menthol, savory herb and cooking spice lead the nose. The palate offers tart red cherry, white pepper and Mediterranean herb alongside firm, refined tannins and bright acidity. It needs time to develop fully. Drink 2017–2022."	Greppone Mazzi	90	80	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ruffino 2010 Greppone Mazzi  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Ruffino
Germany	"It's a bit chunky for a Mosel Riesling, but this wine also offers enough in the way of semisweet lime and pineapple flavors to compensate. There's a hint of struck flint on the nose and a slightly custardy texture. Drink now."		85	9	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	St. Gabriel 2010 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Gabriel
Spain	"Punchy raspberry and red-plum aromas are light and airy. That also describes the palate, which is dilute and lacks stuffing. Flavors of raspberry Kool-Aid and mild oak are fresh and floral on the finish. This may do best as a chilled simple sipper."	Solar de Becquer	85	20	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Escudero 2015 Solar de Becquer  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Escudero
South Africa	"A ripe and sultry selection, this offers upfront oak-derived notes of vanilla, toasted nut, sweet cedar and chocolate sauce. Fruity tones of brandied cherry, mashed raspberry and blackberry preserve provide a solid backbone for the woody, spicy character. The lush, full palate offers waves of tobacco and leather that carry through to the medium-length finish."	The Mentors Orchestra	90	72	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	KWV 2010 The Mentors Orchestra Red (Western Cape)	Red Blend	KWV
US	"Lovely delineation here, the berry/cherry fruit framed with coffee and chocolate from a 50/50 mix of French and American oak barrels. The surprise is the addition (via co-fermentation) of 6% Viognier, which stabilizes color and gives a pleasing, floral/citrus lift to the scents and flavors. Good balance and follow through."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	91	35	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	:Nota Bene 2007 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	:Nota Bene
Italy	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot, this opens earthy aromas of game, ripe black-skinned fruit and scorched earth. The mature palate displays dried black cherry, prune and leather alongside grippy tannins that leave a firm finish."	Vignarè	88	75	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Guicciardini Strozzi 2012 Vignarè Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Guicciardini Strozzi
US	"Stewed plums and strawberries partner with lilacs, sagebrush and hard cinnamon candy on the nose of this bottling, which is boosted by 12% Grenache, 7% Syrah and 6% Petite Sirah. Juicy, rich cherry and blueberry flavors meet with a rocky, black-slate character on the palate."	Willow Creek Farm	88	40	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Proulx 2012 Willow Creek Farm Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Proulx
Italy	"Aromas of leafy underbrush, tilled soil, blue flowers and dark berry lead the nose. The vibrant, straightforward palate offers crushed wild cherry, black raspberry, anise and white pepper. It's easy drinking and well balanced thanks to fresh acidity and sleek tannins."		89	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta degli Dei 2013  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Tenuta degli Dei
US	"An unusual blend of 59% Sauvignon Blanc and 41% Chardonnay, this wine opens with a creamy mousse and flavors of ripe apple. Crisp, soft and medium bodied, it's textured and good at hiding the larger amount of SB, resembling more closely a traditional blanc de blancs."	Blanc de Blancs	88	20	California	North Coast	North Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rack & Riddle NV Blanc de Blancs Sparkling (North Coast)	Sparkling Blend	Rack & Riddle
US	"Lush but fine-tuned aromas of lemon skin, pineapple, daffodil and melon are cut by chamomile and mineral tones on the edges of this good-deal wine. It's also well designed on the palate, where butter and oak-smoke flavors meet with chalky minerality, Asian pear flesh and jasmine notes."		88	12	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Estancia 2014 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Estancia
US	"Stainless fermented and aged, this tart, apple-flavored Pinot Gris is close to fresh cider in flavor. The alcohol is low enough that it is almost invisible. Just pure, juicy, clean fruit comes through."	Estate	87	15	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Illahe 2011 Estate Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Illahe
US	"Fresh blackberries, wild mint, anise and dried purple flowers make for an appealing nose on this appellation blend from one of the region's pioneering and esteemed producers. There is a pleasantly thick yet lively weight to the palate, with flavors of licorice, coffee, violets, lavender extract, dark purple fruits and a hint of asphalt."		91	35	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Leoness 2012 Syrah (Temecula Valley)	Syrah	Leoness
US	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah, this well-made wine offers aromas of campfire and cedar, plus a taste of black currant and leather. With tightly wound tannins, it's rich and full, with a long-lingering finish. It will stand well against burly meat dishes."	Diablo Royale	87	30	California	Contra Costa County	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Glennhawk 2010 Diablo Royale Red (Contra Costa County)	Red Blend	Glennhawk
France	"Inspired by Sancerre, but with grapes from other parts of the Loire, this soft, herbal and green-fruit flavored wine is refreshing and lightly textured. Drink now."		85	15	Loire Valley	Val de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fournier Père et Fils 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Val de Loire)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fournier Père et Fils
France	"Lightly stalky because it is still young, this wine otherwise promises rich black-currant fruitiness as it matures. It is balanced, ripe and with a gentle set of tannins in the background. Drink from 2018."		86	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Tour Chapoux 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Tour Chapoux
Australia	"The Art Series' little brother is all grown up and ready to stand on its own as a terrific wine. Toasted hazelnuts accent bold pineapple and ripe citrus flavors in this full-bodied, slightly creamy bottling. It's complete and complex, with a long, zesty finish. Drink now–2020."	Prelude Vineyards	93	36	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Leeuwin Estate 2014 Prelude Vineyards Chardonnay (Margaret River)	Chardonnay	Leeuwin Estate
US	"Law enforcement veteran-turned-winemaker Cindy Cosco named this brand for her Italian roots, and presents violet, red cherry and pencil-lead aromas in this bottling. A wild-herb character powers the palate, with bay leaf most prominent, followed by tart elderberries and orange-peel sourness. The grippy palate will open more with age."	Lone Oak Vineyard	87	47	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Passaggio 2014 Lone Oak Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Passaggio
Morocco	"From the first whiff of cherry, cranberry and caramel you know you are in for a treat. Flavors of clove, marzipan and grilled peach add nuance to the red fruit driven palate. The smooth tannins persist without overpowering the bright fruit and spice tones."		90	17	Zenata			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Ouled Thaleb 2010 Syrah (Zenata)	Syrah	Ouled Thaleb
Germany	"Ripe red cherry and raspberry penetrate deeply throughout this sunny, yet briskly composed Pinot Noir. It's approachable and uncomplicated in style, but pristine juicy flavors make it quite quaffable. Drink now."	Mettenheimer	89	14	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Schäfer 2014 Mettenheimer Pinot Noir (Rheinhessen)	Pinot Noir	Schäfer
US	"This is a medium-strength white, richly constructed to show concentrated flavors of vanilla bean, apple and toasted oak."		86	40	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Amici 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Spring Mountain District)	Sauvignon Blanc	Amici
US	"This Pinot's immediate lusciousness belies its complexity. Your first impression is of ripe raspberries and cherries that taste like they were baked into a pie. Then layers of minerals, mushrooms, cola and earthier fruits like persimmons and rhubarbs appear, all made brisk by amazing acidity and finishing bone dry. Lovely now and over the next six years, after an hour or two in the decanter."	Rosella's Vineyard	92	59	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Testarossa 2010 Rosella's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
Italy	"Camphor, espresso and black-skinned berry lead the nose while the delicious palate offers crushed black raspberry, orange peel, white pepper, chopped herb and a hint of star anise. It's tightly wound with youthfully firm but elegant tannins. Drink 2018–2024."	Monvigliero	92	67	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Paolo Scavino 2012 Monvigliero  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Paolo Scavino
US	"You'll find strong, bitter tannins, despite the fact that it's more than four years of age. It's absolutely dry, and the flavors are rich and concentrated, suggesting summer-ripe blackberries, mashed and sprinkled with cocoa, dark chocolate, espresso, cassis liqueur and black pepper. Decant it and drink through 2016."	Estate Pinchon Vineyard Spring Break	87	30	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Burrell School Vineyards 2009 Estate Pinchon Vineyard Spring Break Syrah (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Syrah	Burrell School Vineyards
France	"Red apple and cranberry flavors dominate nose and palate with their appetizing fruity tartness. The palate with its restrained dosage does its best to put the fruit flavors into the spotlight, highlighting them with frothy lightness and finishing dry and fresh."	Brut Rosé	89	19	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Willm NV Brut Rosé Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Willm
Italy	"This opens with subdued aromas that suggest cured meat, leather, menthol and tilled soil. The palate offers dried black cherry, dark baking spice and a hint of licorice alongside nervous acidity and assertive, tightly wound tannins."		88	28	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lecci e Brocchi 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Lecci e Brocchi
US	"The aromas are forward, with notes of black currant, blue fruit, herb and spice. The palate delivers a mouthful of sweet blue-fruit flavors, with the oak dialed back. Lightly dry tannins provide support. It's hard to necessarily place it as Cabernet but it brings plenty of appeal."	Chateau Smith	88	20	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Charles Smith 2015 Chateau Smith Cabernet Sauvignon (Washington)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Charles Smith
US	"This bottling from Fintan du Fresne has all the hallmarks of savory, cool-climate Syrah: deep blackberry aromas wrapped in black pepper, rosemary, game and tar. The palate adds pine and boysenberry to the mix, making for a compelling and lively wine."	Califa	94	48	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chamisal Vineyards 2014 Califa Syrah (Edna Valley)	Syrah	Chamisal Vineyards
US	"The aromas on this wine are unusual, with notes of wood spice, tire rubber and earth, showing some reduction on first pour. The flavors are soft and silky, while the tannins bring a slightly gritty feel. Vanilla flavors linger on the finish. There's intrigue, but it doesn't all come together."	Stone Valley Tierra de las Rocas	88	70	Oregon	Oregon Other		Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Castillo De Feliciana 2014 Stone Valley Tierra de las Rocas Tempranillo	Tempranillo	Castillo De Feliciana
Italy	"A blend of 75% Syrah and 25% Sangiovese, this easygoing red has aromas of toast, espresso, chopped mint and a whiff of brown baking spice. The straightforward palate shows black currant, licorice and clove alongside fine-grained tannins."	Pian di Nova	87	19	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Borro 2013 Pian di Nova Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Il Borro
US	"The cold 2011 vintage has taken its toll on this wine. It's bone dry, crisp in acidity and not quite ripe, with its citrus and tropical fruit flavors compromised by a touch of green bean."		84	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Groth 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Groth
France	"Rich and full in mouthfeel, this wine is maturing well, giving some suggestions of bottle age alongside ripe pear and apple flavors. The acidity is still fresh, resulting in a crisp, tight finish. Drink now."	Brut	90	25	Burgundy	Crémant de Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bailly-Lapierre NV Brut  (Crémant de Bourgogne)	Pinot Noir	Bailly-Lapierre
US	"Smoky funkiness permeates this wine, which is lean on the palate and mushy in terms of structure. Cherry and pepper are the most distinguishable characteristics before the quick finish."		84	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Stephen Vincent 2012 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Stephen Vincent
US	"Luscious dark-cherry aromas find milk chocolate and cherry-cola flavors in this medium-bodied, smooth but firm-textured wine made from Syrah and Petite Sirah grapes with a dash of Petit Verdot."	The Mineshaft	87	45	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Tanner 2013 The Mineshaft Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Tanner
US	"Rich, ripe scents of cherry pie and cherry cola waft from this profoundly aromatic Merlot. It's boldly alcoholic and full bodied, but the palate shows restraint with crisp red berry flavors highlighted by a streak of acidity. Soft, furry tannins coat the finish."		86	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		King's Garden Vineyards 2010 Merlot (Finger Lakes)	Merlot	King's Garden Vineyards
Israel	"Jammy preserve notes of blueberry and ripe strawberry on the nose, with more plum and deep cherry notes fleshing out the medium-weight mouth. Delicate fine-grain tannins provide good structure, and linger throughout the milk chocolate-infused finish."	Kosher	86	15	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Recanati 2008 Kosher Merlot (Galilee)	Merlot	Recanati
Spain	"Opens with sweet fruit aromas, a whiff of oak and red candy, while the mouthfeeel is juicy and mostly fresh, with clean fruit flavors and more than adequate ripeness and sweetness. Fresh, composed and pleasant in the scheme of things."	Envite Crianza	87	22	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas San Prudencio 2007 Envite Crianza  (Rioja)	Red Blend	Bodegas San Prudencio
Italy	"Aromas of toast, oak, dark berry and roasted coffee beans lead the way on this full-bodied red. The ripe, solid palate offers baked black cherry, vanilla, mocha and espresso alongside bracing, astringent tannins."	Bussia Corsini	89	48	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Podere Ruggeri Corsini 2011 Bussia Corsini  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Podere Ruggeri Corsini
France	"Fermented and aged in four-year-old French oak barrels, this wine is ripe, creamy and fruity. It has a rounded character with flavors of pears and apricots to give richness. Refreshing with its zing of acidity at the end, it is ready to drink. Robert Perroud's family has been making wine since 1789. He began a vineyard conversion to biodynamic practices and considers making wine an art."		88	18	Beaujolais	Beaujolais-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Robert Perroud 2014  Beaujolais-Villages	Chardonnay	Robert Perroud
US	"An opulent nose of spicy cherry and cranberry invites one into the glass, before complementary flavors echo on the palate. Earthy forest floor and a piquant structure of acidity give it intrigue and complexity, before the wine finishes lean."		88	34	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Joseph Jewell 2013 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Jewell
US	"Very light and slightly sweet in style, this low-alcohol bottling offers stone fruit, lemon juice and peels, and the slightest hint of petrol on the honeyed nose. Exceedingly bright and crisp on the palate, the peachy sweetness is cut by a nearly bubbly acidity. It would be great for pool parties."		88	21	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Margerum 2014 Riesling (Santa Barbara County)	Riesling	Margerum
US	"Light but inviting aromas of lemon juice, apple flesh, ripe nectarine and crushed white rocks show on the nose of this bottling from Malibu. Sea-salt flavor appears throughout the palate, where pear and nectarine flesh meet with vanilla-butter-on-toast flavors. Nicely textured it's quite mouthwatering."		89	32	California	California	California Other	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Hoyt Family Vineyards 2014 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Hoyt Family Vineyards
US	"A lovely Merlot, softly tannic and rich, with oak-influenced herbs, cherries, blackberries and cassis. It's stongly flavored, but nuanced, with an elegant structure. Drink now."		88	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Charles Krug 2008 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Charles Krug
Portugal	"Smooth, soft wine, very accessible and up-front. The stewed fruit flavors and fresh acidity give an attractive lift to this open wine."	Evel	86	13	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Real Companhia Velha 2008 Evel Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Real Companhia Velha
Spain	"Harsh and nervy on the nose, with early aromas of horseradish and chemical that subside with airing. The palate is medium in size, with grabby tannins and dry, oaky flavors mixed with herbal berry notes. Finishes resiny and short."	Cosme Palacio Vendimia Seleccionada	84	18	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Palacio 2008 Cosme Palacio Vendimia Seleccionada  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Palacio
South Africa	"Opulent, lush and round in style, this leads with ripe aromas of apricot, yellow apple and mange, laced with hints of clementine oil, marzipan and toasted baking spice. The palate is full and creamy, but balanced by ample acidity, lifting the texture from an overly flabby impression. Flavors of woody spice and peach pit dance on the lingering finish. Drink now–2017."	Nine Yards	91	50	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Jardin 2011 Nine Yards Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Jardin
US	"Not much going on with this dry, crisp Chardonnay. It has watery flavors of citrus fruits and apricots, with a hint of oak."		83	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Simple Math Cellars 2008 Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Simple Math Cellars
US	"Powerful scents of toast and buttered popcorn dominate the nose, but once in the mouth the wine shows some grip and depth. For those who love the buttery style of Chardonnay, this will be hard to beat at this price. Traces of apple and pear fruit show in the midpalate, and the wine lingers gracefully into a full-bodied finish."	Cold Creek Vineyard	89	26	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2008 Cold Creek Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Chateau Ste. Michelle
Chile	"Deep purple in color, this Itata Valley blend of Carignan, Syrah and Garnacha is concentrated, cool and rubbery smelling, with underlying cassis and blackberry aromas. High acidity yields a scratchy mouthfeel, while flavors of lactic oak and saucy black plum finish short and choppy, with unabsorbed tartaric acidity. Drink through 2018."	Bravado	89	20	Itata Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Garcia Schwaderer 2012 Bravado Red (Itata Valley)	Red Blend	Garcia Schwaderer
US	"An overpowering aroma of cured meat on the nose recalls walking into an Italian deli, something one associates more readily with Cal-Ital varieties. Super tannic on the palate, the wine is slightly bitter and perhaps underripe."	Hendry Vineyard	83	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Hendry 2011 Hendry Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hendry
US	"This exceptional vineyard, more than 35-years-old, brings a wealth of subtle details to a wine that has both grace and power. There's truffle, earth, mocha, plum, spice, coffee and on and on it goes, all well integrated already. Experience would suggest that wines from this vineyard, previously made for Sineann, are exceptionally ageworthy. Drink now if you must, or cellar and drink from 2022 to 2030."	Résonance Vineyard	94	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Résonance 2014 Résonance Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Résonance
France	"The creamy notes of autolysis are only slightly present but there is a roundness of red fruit and apple flavors on the palate. This is balanced and beautifully dry, with a lasting finish."	Rosé	89	17	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Hubert Meyer NV Rosé Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Hubert Meyer
South Africa	"From the cool-climate region of Elgon, the Cluver Pinot offers sweet berries and violet on the nose and an unfolding palate of red berry, coffee and chocolate. Restrained and ageable, the wine's acidity gives it food-oriented character; pair with game or wild fish."	Seven Flags	90	65	Elgin			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Paul Cluver 2006 Seven Flags Pinot Noir (Elgin)	Pinot Noir	Paul Cluver
Italy	"A fat rich wine with an exuberant personality. Plenty of  hefty, ripe  fruit, a big chunky palate and a good, long luscious finish. While it is not as complex as some other 2003 Barolos, it is friendly and solid and will work beautifully with food."	Dardi Le Rose Bussia	90	79	Piedmont	Barolo				Poderi Colla 2003 Dardi Le Rose Bussia  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Poderi Colla
Germany	"So unctuous and decadently sweet that this is one of those TBAs that's best taken in very small sips. Dried apricot, candied pear and caramelized pineapple flavors are concentrated and intense, lingering sweetly on the long finish."	Wehlener Sonnenuhr Vat 59 Trockenbeerenauslese	94	440	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	S.A. Prüm 2009 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Vat 59 Trockenbeerenauslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	S.A. Prüm
US	"Dark strawberry, rust, tar and sandalwood show on the nose of this bottling, which is still in its infancy despite already being six years old. Bright and booming acidity slices through the sour cherry, cranberry, cedar and pine-resin flavors, framed by tense but not overwhelming tannins. Drink 2019–2031."	Bricco Buon Natale	91	35	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Clendenen 2011 Bricco Buon Natale Nebbiolo (Santa Maria Valley)	Nebbiolo	Clendenen
France	"This wine will suit those who are drawn to Riesling's food-pairing genius but don't want the explosion of fruit this variety normally provides. The nose is mineral-driven with aromas of beeswax while the palate is quite austere and finishes with a dry, acidic kick."	Grand Cru Saering	88	32	Alsace	Alsace				Domaines Schlumberger 2006 Grand Cru Saering Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaines Schlumberger
Spain	"Both Freixenet and its sister property Segura Viudas put out myriad Cavas in this price and quality range. This one shows cherry candy on the nose and some seltzer. The palate is balanced between sweet red fruit and citrus, while the finish is dry despite some earlier sweetness. Bouncy and nice for a Pinot Noir Cava."	Aria Brut	87	12	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Segura Viudas NV Aria Brut Pinot Noir (Cava)	Pinot Noir	Segura Viudas
US	"Stiff, tannic, earthy and wrapped up tight. It's a big, bruiser of a wine, oaky, earthy and showing liquorous barrel flavors. Tasted three times over a four month period, it remains quite tight and hidden; the fruit is there but it's very difficult to get this wine to open up. In time, therating could significantly improve."	Water Witch Klipsun Vineyard Red Wine	89	45	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mark Ryan 2006 Water Witch Klipsun Vineyard Red Wine Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Mark Ryan
US	"This wine is a blend of 50% Syrah aged for 40 months in new American oak, with the other half Cabernet Sauvignon aged in new Slovakian oak. Aromas of cardamom, green pepper, cherry, vanilla and anise are followed by abundant baking-spice accents backed by tart fruit flavors. Barrel notes take over the finish."	Heritage Reserve	88	38	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Liberty Lake 2012 Heritage Reserve Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Liberty Lake
Portugal	"This wine is the result of a selection of 12 barrels that were chosen after aging. It is rich, smooth and concentrated, with powerful tannins behind the ripe texture and generous blackberry fruits. It needs to age further; drink from 2019."	Quinta de Fafide 12 Barrels	93	45	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rui Roboredo Madeira 2014 Quinta de Fafide 12 Barrels Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Rui Roboredo Madeira
Chile	"It's taken time, but Undurraga has finally hit paydirt with this Limarí Syrah. Cool, gritty aromas of black olive, herbs, asphalt, cassis and boysenberry are stacked and complex. This feels just plush enough, but with bracing acidity. Flavors of hard spices, pepper, wild herbs and leather blend with plum and berry notes prior to a savory, meaty, leathery finish. Drink through 2020."	T.H. Terroir Hunter	91	25	Limarí Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2012 T.H. Terroir Hunter Syrah (Limarí Valley)	Syrah	Undurraga
US	"This shows the power and purity of the winery's coastal Pastorale and Quarter Moon vineyards, in this cool vintage that allowed for long hang time. Although some coastal Pinots were plagued by rot, this one was not, resulting in a wine with delicious raspberry and cherry notes, accented by new French oak. It's very fine, complex and enjoyable now."	Freestone Vineyards Estate Grown	93	55	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Joseph Phelps 2010 Freestone Vineyards Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Phelps
Italy	"Forest floor, resin, spiced plum and incense aromas lead the nose on this robust red. The chewy brawny palate delivers black cherry marinated in spirits, licorice, nutmeg and pipe tobacco while firm, velvety tannins provide the framework. Drink 2017 through 2026."		92	59	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Venturini Massimino 2011  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	Venturini Massimino
Argentina	"Piercing leather, berry and foresty aromas lead to a zesty palate of medicinal cherry and raspberry flavors. The acidity here is high, and so there's some tartness and scour to the palate and finish. Tastes pretty good but rides rough and bumpy."		84	11	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Andeluna 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Tupungato)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Andeluna
France	"The name, referring to the flinty soil of the vineyard, says it all. It is a mineral wine that tastes of stony soil, flint and chalk. It has a great core of hardened steel, very firm, surrounded by intense green fruits, filled with apple juice and grapefruit flavors. For aging over 2–3 years."	Les Chailloux	93	23	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Fouassier 2008 Les Chailloux  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Fouassier
Italy	"This lively Barbaresco is distinguished by a drying mineral note that recalls black slate or graphite. Aromas of Spanish cedar, root beer and licorice are followed by dark fruit and plum. The wine is controlled, compact and tight in the mouth and it's almost ready to drink. Drink after 2012."	Vigna Giaia	90	42	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Pe're Alessandro 2004 Vigna Giaia  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Pe're Alessandro
France	"With its extra-dark rosé color, Clairet is an unusual style. This wine is juicy with some acidity alongside fresh raspberry fruits. At the end, the wine seems heavy."		84	20	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Clairet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Piote 2013 Rosé (Bordeaux Clairet)	Rosé	Château de Piote
US	"Dark, bold, potent and young are just a few words to describe this Cabernet, which contains a splash of Petit Verdot and Malbec. Shows concentrated blackberry, black currant and violet flavors that turn sweet and chocolaty on the finish, although the wine itself is perfectly dry. Quite tannic, which suggests ageability, although high alcohol of 15.5% will be controversial in some circles. Best after 2013, in a proper cellar."	Georges de Latour Private Reserve	93	115	California	Rutherford	Napa			Beaulieu Vineyard 2007 Georges de Latour Private Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beaulieu Vineyard
Italy	"Aromas of pencil shavings, black currant and cedar lead the nose of this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. The ripe, forward palate delivers dried cherries, green bell pepper and clove alongside assertive, grippy tannins. Drink soon to capture the remaining fruit richness."	Lippo	87	28	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pieve Santo Stefano 2012 Lippo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Pieve Santo Stefano
US	"This medium-bodied wine blends lively citrus and crisp apple aromas with just-rich-enough pear, apple and butter flavors for good balance. Satisfying and refreshing, it will be great with many different dishes."		88	9	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Happy Camper 2015 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Happy Camper
US	"A reduced character of diesel and strong oak mark the entry of this vineyard-designated wine. It's ripe and powerful, veering on sweet."	Banti Vineyard	84	45	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	St. Francis 2013 Banti Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	St. Francis
US	"Here's a nice, refreshingly clean Sauvignon Blanc that shows a lot of class for the price. It's basically dry, with a honeyed finish to the green melon, golden mango and Asian pear flavors. There's just a touch of tart green gooseberry for complexity."		88	14	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Clayhouse 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Paso Robles)	Sauvignon Blanc	Clayhouse
US	"Easy drinking, this is rich in raspberry and cherry flavors, with enough acidity to give the fruit a tangy edge. The unusual blend is mostly Tannat, Zinfandel, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah."		85	13	California	California	California Other			Stark Raving NV Red (California)	Red Blend	Stark Raving
US	"This is White Oak's best Chardonnay in years. The wine benefited from the chilly vintage, expressing citrus and tropical fruit flavors while preserving its vital acidity. It shows real elegance."	Estate Grown	92	24	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			White Oak 2010 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	White Oak
France	"This wine presents an unusual aroma profile with notes of dough and cheese overlaying a base of mineral and lime. The palate is simple and austere with a short finish redolent of peaches. Overall, a bit disappointing for a Grand Cru."	Steinklotz Grand Cru	84	25	Alsace	Alsace				Helfrich 2005 Steinklotz Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Helfrich
France	"The wine is perfumed, spicy with dense tannins. It has a hard-edged structure, tough with the ripe fruit still underneath. Vines are an average of 14 years old."		84	13	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Les Grands Maréchaux 2012  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Les Grands Maréchaux
US	"Tastes like it has some volatility, with sharp, unpleasant acids framing flavors of cherries and raisins."		80	23	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills			Longevity 2005 Merlot (Sierra Foothills)	Merlot	Longevity
Italy	"Structured and elegant, it opens with a fruit fragrance of black plum, wild berries and prune accentuated with hints of leather, tilled soil and spice. The juicy palate delivers wild cherry layered with cinnamon, white pepper and carob alongside big, velvety tannins. Delicious now, it will also develop complexity. Drink now–2022."	Poggio Doria	93	148	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenute Silvio Nardi 2007 Poggio Doria  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Tenute Silvio Nardi
US	"This is 100% Cabernet from three different vineyards, mixing cherry, berry, plum and cassis, and setting the fruit against crisp acids. The tannins, slightly green around the edges, are focused and appropriate. Could it be fleshed out with a little Merlot? Yes, but the elegance and precision of pure Cabernet is somehow more thrilling."	Columbia Valley	90	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Fall Line 2005 Columbia Valley Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fall Line
US	"Harry's passion evidently is for sweet, soft, simple wines, to judge by this one. Almost totally devoid of balancing crispness and vitality, it has syrupy flavors of blackberry jam and melted chocolate."	Harry's Red Passion	83	36	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Fralich 2004 Harry's Red Passion Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Fralich
Israel	"A nose of black cherry with a pronounced note of bell pepper gives way to flavors of raspberry, pomegranate, smoked meat, coffee bean and green pepper. Velvet tannins recede on the finish to reveal a splash of acidity with a hint of smoke."	Reserve	91	55	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Flam 2013 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Flam
Chile	"Big, bulky, ripe aromas of cassis and blackberry come with a hint of cedar and spice. This Cab shows a clampy, tannic mouthfeel and loamy, ultraripe flavors of blackberry and cassis. Fudge, mocha and blackberry flavors drive the finish on this ripe wine from a hot vintage."	Cuvée Alexandre Apalta Vineyard	90	24	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lapostolle 2012 Cuvée Alexandre Apalta Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lapostolle
Argentina	"La Arena (sand) is one of four soil-based 2012 Altamira Malbecs made by TintoNegro, and the similarities among the wines far outweigh the differences. This is ripe and oaky on the nose, but clean and approachable. The palate is medium-to-full in feel, while flavors of black cherry, cassis and vanilla end with mild heat and baking spice notes. Drink through 2020."	Finca La Escuela La Arena Soil Experts	91	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TintoNegro 2012 Finca La Escuela La Arena Soil Experts Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	TintoNegro
Austria	"Full and rich, maybe missing some acidity, but replacing that with powered white nectarines. The pepper, though, causes the wine to fall short, giving it an edge. It needs time to develop properly—give it 2–3 years at least."	Smaragd Steinterrassen	88	30	Wachau			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Machherndl 2006 Smaragd Steinterrassen Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Machherndl
US	"A southern Rhône blend of Syrah, Mourvèdre and Grenache, this wine is stylish and elegant, with a smooth, silky texture. But it's just a little too sugary sweet to earn a higher score, with the blackberry and cherry fruit having a jellied, candied edge."	Z Three Red Wine	86	40	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Zaca Mesa 2004 Z Three Red Wine Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Zaca Mesa
US	"Notes of ground coffee, cocoa and forest floor dominate this wine's aromatic profile. Supple, dusty tannins and soft acids frame the weighty palate. The finish is medium to long, but it comes with some warmth."	Single Vineyard	86	26	New Mexico	New Mexico				Vivác Winery 2009 Single Vineyard Syrah (New Mexico)	Syrah	Vivác Winery
Austria	"The freshness of ripe lemon and crunchy, green apple pervades everything: the nose and palate sing with light-footed, unfettered freshness. This is crisp, light and spritzy and just the thing for a sunny, summery mood where refreshment is supposed to come on tiptoe but have a lasting effect. Full points for joy and ease. Drink soon."		89	13	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Winzerkeller Andau 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Burgenland)	Sauvignon Blanc	Winzerkeller Andau
France	The Bordeaux outpost of the Jackson family winery has produced a rich wine in this vintage. It is structured with swathes of ripe black fruits. The tannins promise some serious aging for this complex ripe wine with its solid texture. Drink from 2023.		92	75	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lassègue 2014  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lassègue
US	"Bellissima Rossa is 77% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Merlot, 5% Cabernet Franc and 3% Malbec. The Cabernet Sauvignon is muscular and taut; blackberry and cassis, mineral and smoke come up as aromas, then follow as flavors. Good legs show the weight of the wine, which hits the palate tight and shows a bit of chalky acid, then opens into more lush milk chocolate barrel flavors."	Bellissima Rossa	88	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tsillan Cellars 2005 Bellissima Rossa Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Tsillan Cellars
US	"Campfire smoke and meat rise on the nose of this 100% varietal wine, a nearly rustic experience if it weren't for the powerful beauty behind the rest of the story. A soft, dry grip of tannin plays against youthfully ripe notions of blackberry jam on toast, with chocolate and cigar lurking in the background. Drink now through 2023."	Seraphim	91	175	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wallis Family Estate 2013 Seraphim Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Wallis Family Estate
Italy	"This opens with aromas of oak, toast, sawdust, fennel and espresso. The palate is on the raw side, showing oak extract, anise and powdered sage but not much fruit richness. Astringent tannins give it a mouth-drying finish."		87	40	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rivetti Massimo 2012  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Rivetti Massimo
Italy	"Fattoria La Massa has produced an exciting wine that will appeal to those who love a big, opulent style. A blend of Sangiovese and Merlot, this boasts an inky appearance, and delivers enormous tones of tobacco, leather, coffee bean, blue flowers and lead pencil. It's soft and lush and certainly does not lack power or concentration."	Giorgio Primo	92	80	Tuscany	Toscana				Fattoria La Massa 2003 Giorgio Primo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Fattoria La Massa
Portugal	"A blend of Touriga Nacional, Aragon and Syrah, the wine is open, generous and almost ready to drink. It has some firm tannins along with lifted acidity. The black currant fruits are fresh, right up front and give the wine its delicious fruitiness. Drink from late 2016."	Dory	88	14	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Adega Mãe 2013 Dory Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Adega Mãe
US	"Fresh and immediately appealing for its silky texture and forward flavors of cherries, cotton candy, vanilla and sweet, smoky oak. But this is no mere taste treat. It's a serious, layered Pinot Noir, whose vital balance will help it evolve over the next six years."	Babcock Vineyard	90	45	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Kenneth-Crawford 2006 Babcock Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Kenneth-Crawford
Italy	"The nose of this wine is marked by funky game, moist earth, stewed plum and wet fur aromas. That gamy note follows through to the palate, which is rustic and raisin-inflected with hints of grilled herb and used leather. Grainy tannins leave a raspy finish."	Quercetonda	87	50	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Casalte 2013 Quercetonda  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Sangiovese	Le Casalte
US	"This is a flashy Chardonnay that's meant to impress. Big, oaky and ripe, this bears opulent waves of mangoes, papayas and apricots, with notes of buttered toast and sweet caramel. Not particularly subtle, but a crowd pleaser."	Durell Vineyard	89	40	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Armida 2010 Durell Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Armida
US	"Half of this Bordeaux-style blend is Cabernet Sauvignon, the other half a blend of Merlot, Cab Franc and Petit Verdot. Pretty cherry fruit and sweet oak flavors are the two main threads here, but they have yet to meld together into a seamless whole. The wine opens with plenty of black cherry flavor, then hits a wall of tannin and astringent dried wood."	Meritage	86	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	DiStefano 2008 Meritage Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	DiStefano
US	"A 100% varietal wine from near the town of Glen Ellen, this is a healthy marriage of power and grace. The wine is fiery in leathery tannin and full-bodied blackberry ripeness laced in cinnamon and black pepper. Aged in new French oak, it's structured and age-worthy, though quite enjoyable now."	Estate Grown	90	32	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dunbar 2013 Estate Grown Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Dunbar
New Zealand	"Bright, fresh and inviting, with floral and herbal notes upfront, complemented by tart pomegranate and cranberry fruit on the palate. Drink this medium-bodied wine over the next few years."	Map Maker	87	23	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Staete Landt 2014 Map Maker Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Staete Landt
France	"Toast aromas precede layers of wood flavors that give the wine a tough, dry, spicy character that masks the fruit."	Heritage	83	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lamothe-Vincent 2013 Heritage  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lamothe-Vincent
US	"This is a good, rich bubbly, full-bodied and dry, with subtle flavors of red cherries, limes, vanilla and yeasty bread dough. It's a little scoury, but a good value for the money."	Blanc de Noirs	84	12	California	California	California Other			Korbel NV Blanc de Noirs Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
US	"A tremendous Syrah, so rich and tasty, it makes you wonder why more people don't drink this variety. Shows intense, explosive blackberry, currant, bacon and black pepper flavors, with a savory hint of raisins. New oak is perfectly in keeping with the wine's volume. Dramatic and lush, this single-vineyard Syrah will provide good drinking over the next four years."	Goosechase Vineyard	93	47	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Longboard 2008 Goosechase Vineyard Syrah (Russian River Valley)	Syrah	Longboard
US	"This vibrantly light, restrained wine comes from some hallowed vineyards, including Hudson, Stagecoach and Crocker & Starr, the blend comprised of 38% Cabernet Franc, 34% Cabernet Sauvignon and 28% Merlot. Dark in color, it offers aromas of cherry liqueur and orange, and remains dry on the palate, low in power and high in minerality."	Arriviste	88	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Blackbird Vineyards 2014 Arriviste Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Blackbird Vineyards
US	"Beets, mint and cola mark the aromas of this robust offering from the southern part of the state. It’s rich and corpulent—almost Port-like in its dimensions—and although it lacks a bit of elegance, it certainly possesses plenty of mouth-filling flavor."	Reserve	87	20	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Bridgeview 1998 Reserve Pinot Noir (Rogue Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bridgeview
France	Stéphane Defraine's wine is rich with dark black fruits. The tannins with spice and a firm core give this wine density. It is already powerful and concentrated. It will be ready from 2018.		88	14	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fontenille 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Fontenille
US	"This Bordeaux blend is solidly in the Darby style, but bigger and fuller and rounder than the other wines, with lovely, plummy aromas that lead into mouth-filling blackberry, cassis and cherry fruit. The use of 75% new oak is not intrusive; it's truly just an accent, and does not overtake the fruit."	The Swagger Reserve Red	91	50	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Darby 2007 The Swagger Reserve Red Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Darby
Armenia	"Deep salmon in color, this wine offers a bouquet of cantaloupe and nectarine. It is bright on entry, with full mouthfeel and flavors of pineapple, grapefruit and white peach that culminate in a bright citrus finish."	Estate Bottled	88	15	Armenia			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Van Ardi 2015 Estate Bottled Rosé (Armenia)	Rosé	Van Ardi
Italy	"This elegant Rosso opens with an intense and alluring fragrance of rose, blue flower and crushed red berries. The palate is more evolved than the fresh aromas suggest, delivering ripe black raspberry and crushed red cherry lightly accented with cinnamon-spice. A note of orange zest marks the close."		91	110	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio di Sotto 2011  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Poggio di Sotto
US	"Perfectly salmon pink in color, this blend of half-Sangiovese, half-Barbera, is light and refreshing, with bright flavors of watermelon, cherry and mint. Just the tiniest bit ripe, yet finishing dry, it's long lasting and satisfying, a good call for a summer's day."	Bella E Rosa	89	16	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sorelle Winery 2012 Bella E Rosa Rosé (Lodi)	Rosé	Sorelle Winery
Italy	"This Tuscan rosé made using Sangiovese grapes opens with a pink-purplish color and bright aromas of rose, cranberry and wild forest berry. There's a pretty touch of bitter almond on the close."		86	13	Tuscany	Toscana				Salcheto 2009 Rosé (Toscana)	Rosé	Salcheto
US	"Soft and spicy, this wine is a mix of full-bodied ripeness and edgier undertones of dried herb, black tea and tobacco leaf. Blackberry jam is the fruitier component, while the finish is sizable in tannin."		88	60	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Round Pond 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Round Pond
France	"Black-currant flavors are right up in the front of this wine. With some youthful stalkiness, it also has the potential for a really juicy character that is bright, almost crisp. A touch of perfume gives the wine a lift. Let it smooth out for a few months, so drink from early 2017."		85	14	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tour le Pin 2014  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tour le Pin
New Zealand	"This wine's bold cassis fruit is accented by charred capsicum and vaguely herbal notes, giving it ample complexity at this young age. It's full bodied, yet creamy and supple in texture, with soft tannins on the long, mouthwatering finish."	The Gimblett Gimblett Gravels	91	35	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Trinity Hill 2010 The Gimblett Gimblett Gravels Red (Hawke's Bay)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Trinity Hill
US	"Simple and earthy, this has a core of sour cherry and raspberry flavors, with a quick finish."		86	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Olsen Family Vineyards 2010 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Olsen Family Vineyards
France	Old vines on the Aegerter Domaine in Savigny-lès-Beaune give a rounded ripe wine. It has a crisper red-cherry side to its otherwise smooth texture. The tannins support all this juicy fruit and offer a chance for the wine to age. Drink from 2020.	Vieilles Vignes	89	47	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter 2015 Vieilles Vignes  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter
US	"Good, but not without problems. It's dry and tannicly smooth in the mouth, with black cherry and mocha flavors. But there's a tart, sandpapery roughness that's just a little short of ripe. Drink now."	Stone Vineyard	86	60	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Hawkes 2006 Stone Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hawkes
Italy	"This wine is the white partner to Masi's familiar Campfiorin. In this case, it is the 25% of Verduzzo grapes in the blend that have gone through the drying process known as passito. The 75% of Pinot Grigio adds spice, while the Verduzzo gives great richness and ripeness."	Masianco	90	12	Northeastern Italy	Delle Venezie		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Masi 2002 Masianco White (Delle Venezie)	White Blend	Masi
US	"Bone dry and concentrated, it was fermented in a mix of stainless steel and neutral oak. Lush floral and citrus aromatics carry over into the flavors, with a streak of Curaçao liqueur as well."	Lawrence Vineyards	90	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gård 2012 Lawrence Vineyards Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Gård
Chile	"Snappy and edgy as you give it a sniff, with piercing rhubarb, red cherry and peppery aromas. Shows a bit of cushion and softness in the mouth along with spicy, slightly herbal flavors of red plum and raspberry. Spicy on the finish, with citrusy acidity and dry oak notes."	Columbine Special Reserve Estate Bottled	86	15	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	William Cole 2010 Columbine Special Reserve Estate Bottled Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	William Cole
France	"This is a ripe, full and fruity wine. It is packed with attractive red-berry fruits and a crisp dry backbone. The acidity and the bright aftertaste make it a fine food rosé. It comes from a small appellation surrounded by the large Côtes de Provence area."		90	23	Provence	Coteaux Varois en Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Harmonie des Arpents 2016 Rosé (Coteaux Varois en Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Harmonie des Arpents
US	"Though labeled Syrah, this includes 25% Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend. The addition somewhat mutes the Syrah character, though it may bump up the concentration of cassis fruit flavor. Espresso-laden tannins put a frame around the finish."		87	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kaella 2011 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Kaella
US	"Barrel aromas are out front on this 100% varietal wine, with notes of wood spice, vanilla, pencil lead and baking spice followed by dark plum. The flavors are dense, dark and palate coating. The wood shows quite prominently on the palate as well but if you can get beyond it, there are good things happening."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	89	50	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Fidelitas 2014 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Merlot (Red Mountain)	Merlot	Fidelitas
Chile	"Toasty pear and apple aromas are lush and nice for Chilean Chardonnay. The palate shows good grip and a solid feel, while the flavors of smoky apple, bacon, toast and citrus blend nicely. Racy and juicy on the finish."	Gran Reserva	88	17	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Morandé 2011 Gran Reserva Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Morandé
Argentina	"At first this smells like plastic and sweet black fruits mixed with chocolate. The palate feels heavy and raw, while flavors of muddled yet tart plum and berry finish big, minty and slightly green."		82	13	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mil Piedras 2011 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Mil Piedras
Italy	"Delicate coconut, vanilla and plum aromas mingle in the glass. The subtle palate reveals licorice, cherry extract, espresso and a hint of vanilla, held together by tightly wound tannins and fresh acidity."		89	36	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa S. Anna 2013  Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Villa S. Anna
US	"Baking soda, ripe citrus pith, lime blossoms and a soft petrol touch show on the nose of this wine from a vineyard to watch in southern San Luis Obispo County. Tons of sprinkling acidity shows once sipped, with the nervy palate offering orange oil, lemon pith and peel, chamomile, goldenseal root and sunflower-seed flavors."	Paragon Vineyard	91	20	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zocker 2013 Paragon Vineyard Riesling (Edna Valley)	Riesling	Zocker
Chile	"Blackberry, olive and a touch of juniper rank as herbal but solid. In the mouth, this is round and thick, with good structure. Oak and spice flavors accent blackberry fruit, while the finish deals baked plum, fig and herbal notes."	Crucero Reserva	87	13	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Siegel 2011 Crucero Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Siegel
US	"A slightly earthy aroma leads to rich, ripe berry and cherry flavors that seem to coat the mouth and linger on the finish. It's medium bodied and almost soft, with little acidity or tannin detectable. All that opulent fruit flavor keeps it pleasing."		86	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	HandCraft 2013 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	HandCraft
France	"Fruity with apple and pear, this wine has light acidity and a light mousse. A touch of toast and delicious zesty orange texture give complexity. It makes a perfect apéritif wine."	Cuvée Indigène	89	26	France Other	Crémant de Jura		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Andre et Mireille Tissot NV Cuvée Indigène Sparkling (Crémant de Jura)	Sparkling Blend	Andre et Mireille Tissot
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon makes up 60% of this wine, with the rest Merlot (29%) and Cabernet Franc. It presents aromas of macerated cherries, licorice and whiffs of game. The flavors are lush and ripe, with firm but well-integrated tannins providing support."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	89	40	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Soos Creek 2013 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Soos Creek
US	"The winery calls this “a convergence of dark debauchery”. It's not a bad assessment. Ripe blackberry and black cherry fruit highlight the broad midpalate, with a modest hint of leather, clean earth and toast. Enjoy this immediately, or save for a few more years."	Black Cloud	91	35	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Convergence Zone 2010 Black Cloud Malbec (Red Mountain)	Malbec	Convergence Zone
US	"Flavors of berry, vanilla and tar form around thick, rich tannins, giving this wine a puckering quality that may benefit from opening before enjoying. The finish is sturdy and robust in leathery black pepper."	Winemaker Selection	86	55	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rosenblum 2012 Winemaker Selection Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Rosenblum
US	"A curious combination of smoky and herbaceous, Predator is from old vines but tastes slightly thin and nondescript."	Old Vine	81	15	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Predator 2012 Old Vine Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Predator
US	"The most immediately accessible of Will's three Horse Heaven Hills wines, it brings notes of scorched earth, herbs, incense, toast and abundant dark fruit. The palate is densely packed with dark fruit, tart acids and firm, tightly coiled tannins with a beautiful sense of balance. A classically styled wine that should have a healthy life in front of it."	Champoux Vineyard	93	52	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Andrew Will 2011 Champoux Vineyard Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Andrew Will
US	"This blend holds 59% Syrah, 24% Grenache, 13% Petite Sirah and 4% Zinfandel. Slightly reserved at first, with some patience it begins to show violets, boysenberries and sandalwood on the nose. Aromatic purple flowers arise on the sip, along with dark chocolate and black currant. But the wine is rigidly structured, remaining quite wound-up even after many hours open."	Laity	89	42	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Guyomar 2012 Laity Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Guyomar
US	"Despite its time in bottle, this wine has years to go before it sleeps. It still needs further integration of its substantial body of tannin and tobacco within the layers of sanguine game, pencil lead and plum. In addition, it would benefit from being enjoyed with food, preferably medium-rare steak. Drink now through 2021."	Tradition	92	90	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tobacco Road 2006 Tradition Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tobacco Road
US	"This wine is half Cabernet Sauvignon with the rest equal parts Merlot and Petit Verdot. Aromas of violets, scorched earth, dark cherry, toast and coffee are followed by dark fruit flavors backed by firm but well-integrated tannins. Just a baby now, this wine should have a long life ahead of it. Best after 2022."		92	95	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Shoup 2012 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Shoup
US	"Wound up like a drum, this wine opens to reveal hedonistic aromas of toast, barrel spice, blackberry and light meaty notes. It's made in a full-bodied, concentrated style, with wound-up tannins that would benefit from time in the cellar. Best after 2020."	The Bully	92	50	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gorman 2012 The Bully Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gorman
Italy	"The color on this is surprisingly evolved, showing more brick than garnet, while the nose offers underbrush, tobacco, fennel and red berry. The palate is closed and rather lean, offering raw red cherry, licorice, menthol and mineral alongside assertive but fine-grained tannins."		88	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Podere Scopetone 2010  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Podere Scopetone
US	"This wine is at the fringes in Washington, exploring dry farming where irrigation is the norm. Fresh herb, blackberry and raspberry aromas lead off. Packed with rich, elegant fruit flavors, it also has an herbal streak running from head to tail."	Dry Land	91	38	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tulpen 2010 Dry Land Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tulpen
Portugal	"A bright pink wine that tastes drier than it looks. It has bright strawberry aromas, as well as touches of caramel and lively final acidity. It's not for aging."	Somontes	84	10	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa da Passarella 2012 Somontes Rosé (Dão)	Rosé	Casa da Passarella
Portugal	"This fruity wine is made to be drunk young. It has soft tannins, perfumed blackberry fruit and just enough acidity. Smoothly textured, it's a great barbecue-style of red. The wine is named after the vineyard rather than after the literal Portuguese meaning of “scantily dressed.” Drink now."	Pouca Roupa Tinto	86	13	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2015 Pouca Roupa Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
US	"This substantial wine will age beautifully through 2023, so structured and elegant it is behind its layers and layers of coconut fritter, vanilla and strawberry-raspberry jam. Beguiling in floral violets and lavender, it has streaks of black pepper too, ending in a dream-like trance of earthy dust."	Monte Rosso Vineyard	95	47	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Carlisle 2013 Monte Rosso Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Carlisle
France	"Full, ripe and roundly fruity, this is a good example of the natural opulence of 2009. It has rich black fruits, soft tannins, a dark hint of wood and generous richness. Powered by both its acidity and its structure, it is developing well. Drink from 2014."		91	20	Bordeaux	Montagne-Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Malengin 2009  Montagne-Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Malengin
France	"A full-bodied, ripe wine, this is going to develop well, with balanced acidity and ripe, perfumed apple and pear flavors. The final tang of citrus gives a great lift. A warm wine, it's already delicious and will be even better from 2017."	Les Cris	88	25	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine A. Cailbourdin 2014 Les Cris  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine A. Cailbourdin
US	"Fresh and vibrant aromas of dark cherry and purple flowers get serious weight from a touch of tar on this very balanced, tighter Cabernet. Dark red fruits, sweet plums (and their more tart skins) and even blueberry show on the palate, which is equally acidic and tannic. It's neither lean nor lush, but right down the middle."	Viking Estate Reserve	90	75	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Adelaida 2011 Viking Estate Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Adelaida
US	"Lovely attack, plummy and evolved, with no rough edges. The fruit is soft and sweet, layered and full, and the overall palate impression is of elegance and balance. This is a terrific drink-me-now bottle with nicely aged flavors."		88	16	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Beaulieu Vineyard 1997 Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Beaulieu Vineyard
Spain	"Citrus, mango and animal cracker aromas are mild and easy to like. The palate on this white blend (led by 50% Verdejo) offers melon, apple, mango and a hint of spice, while the finish is clean, smooth and just racy enough. Drink now for max freshness."	Las Brisas	87	12	Northern Spain	Rueda		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Naia 2011 Las Brisas White (Rueda)	White Blend	Naia
France	"This Tavel contains a hefty 20% Clairette (a white grape), in addition to the more common Grenache (Noir) and Cinsault. It's still a chunky, powerful version of Tavel, with raspberry and white chocolate notes buoyed by just enough citrus. It's broad and mouthcoating on the finish."	La Reine Des Bois	89	34	Rhône Valley	Tavel		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine de la Mordorée 2014 La Reine Des Bois  (Tavel)	Rosé	Domaine de la Mordorée
Chile	"Good Cab, maybe a touch herbal and light, but very solid. Early aromas of cola, leather and blackberry show some herbal, green notes. But the tomato leaf character is not dominant or unappealing, thus in the end this displays classic Chilean Cabernet qualities on a light, agile frame. Drink now."	La Porfia Grand Reserve	87	17	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Botalcura 2005 La Porfia Grand Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rapel Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Botalcura
US	"This is a thick, dense and juicy Cabernet Sauvignon-based blend, rich in currant, black cherry and blackberry. An approachable tannin structure allows for drinkability in its youth."	Benchmark	91	95	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	William Hill Estate 2013 Benchmark Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	William Hill Estate
Italy	"This leads off with aromas of mature black fruit, toasted oak, coffee bean and a whiff of balsamic herbs. The ripe palate delivers fleshy red cherry and black raspberry with layers of cocoa, espresso and sage alongside bracing tannins."	Rabajà	90	65	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Luisin 2011 Rabajà  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Luisin
Spain	"Earthy, baked, raisiny aromas convey ripeness and sweetness. The palate is medium in body and intensity, with juicy acidity propping up lightly leafy and herbal berry and plum flavors. Has good length and feel, with tomato and herbs on the finish."	Old Vines Gran Reserva	86	20	Central Spain	Valdepeñas		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Navarro López 2005 Old Vines Gran Reserva Tempranillo (Valdepeñas)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Navarro López
Italy	"Wild berry, iris, rose and a potpourri of culinary spice aromas emerge on the nose of this stunning red. Radiant and full bodied, the palate is young and primary at this stage but already evokes morello cherry, licorice, pipe tobacco and aromatic herbs. Bright acidity and taut tannins provide impeccable balance and an impressive, age-worthy structure. Drink 2025–2043."	Ravera	97	82	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Elvio Cogno 2013 Ravera  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Elvio Cogno
US	"Shows little of the structure or finesse you expect from a Santa Maria wine. Instead, it's soft and fruity to the point of overripe, with jammy berry and pepper flavors that veer into stewed prunes."		83	35	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Presqu'ile 2008 Syrah (Santa Maria Valley)	Syrah	Presqu'ile
France	"This is an attractive, round wine. The ripe red-fruit character is balanced by a tangy, zesty lemon texture that gives freshness plus a touch of tannic structure. Very dry and spicy in the mouth, it will be good with food."	Coeur Estérelle	88	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Rouët 2015 Coeur Estérelle Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château du Rouët
US	"Hearty cranberry and chaparral herbs mesh with iron and sweet rose florals on the slightly rustic nose of this bottling from a historic vineyard. It's light in body, with decent acidity and bounce to the sip, showing hibiscus and pomegranate juice as well as floral lavender touches on the palate."	Sierra Madre Vineyard	90	45	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Byron 2013 Sierra Madre Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Byron
US	"A proprietary blend of 57% Merlot, 35% Cabernet Sauvignon and 8% Petit Verdot, all homegrown, this is dense and powerful, rich in red fruit but also savory in tobacco, black tea and leather. Reflective of the appellation's ability to combine power with elegance, it fully represents and should continue to meld beautifully together in the cellar. Drink now through 2022."	Elevage Estate Grown	94	96	California	Stags Leap District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chimney Rock 2012 Elevage Estate Grown Red (Stags Leap District)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Chimney Rock
Argentina	"Spice, rose hips and raspberry make for an open and welcoming nose. The palate delivers generic berry flavors, size, tannins and spice. It finishes a little harsh, with pepper and burnt notes. But mostly it's a solid everyday Malbec."	Henry Lagarde Reserve	85	11	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lagarde 2005 Henry Lagarde Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Lagarde
Chile	"Despite hot conditions in 2012, this manages to deliver pungent aromas of nettle, green herbs, passion fruit and pink grapefruit. It's clear and straightforward in the mouth, with passion fruit, lychee, lime and tangerine flavors. A long finish holds off on the bitterness while maintaining exuberance and pop."	Pequeñas Producciones Estate Bottled	90	36	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casas del Bosque 2012 Pequeñas Producciones Estate Bottled Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Casas del Bosque
US	"This wine is sourced from a handful of sites in the appellation, combining tropical, fleshy pineapple and vanilla with a lush texture and body. As it develops in the glass, its concentration is further accented in a taste of baked pear."		88	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Schug 2015 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Schug
US	"Though from a cool region, this is a more powerful style of Syrah, showing elegant fudge and caramel notes as well as blackberries, blueberries, espresso cream and strong cola aromas. Tangy black currant and baked black-cherry fruit pop on the palate, along with tobacco, smoked beef and baking spice."	Sierra Mar Vineyard	93	43	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Carlisle 2014 Sierra Mar Vineyard Syrah (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Syrah	Carlisle
US	"This appellation blend is nowhere near as amazing as the winery's single-vineyard expressions from this vintage, but it'll work for an everyday sipper. Light red cherry meets with damp herbs, wet hay and forest floor on the nose, while the simple palate combines red fruit with more herbs and orange peels."		87	35	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 2015 Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
Argentina	"Dark spicy aromas of black plum and black currant are solid. In the mouth, this is saturated and hard, with heavy overall density and strong tannins. A dark, spicy, blackened set of dark-berry flavors finishes with more spice and mint than fruit."	HD Clásico	88	22	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Durigutti 2013 HD Clásico Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Durigutti
US	"A white pepper aroma and full citrus and mineral flavors make this an interesting and multifaceted wine that also refreshes the taste buds. It has good, bracing acidity, medium body and subtle layering."		90	17	California	High Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Two Angels 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (High Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Two Angels
Portugal	"Oak aging in large barrels has served to give this wine an immediate appeal. It's balanced, lightly structured and full of juicy fruits. Black currants, spice and red berry flavors enhance the fruitiness of the wine. Drink from mid-2016."	Herdade de São Miguel Colheita Seleccionada	86	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas 2014 Herdade de São Miguel Colheita Seleccionada Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas
Germany	"Fragrant notes of white blossom and peach waft from this juicy off-dry Riesling. Creamy and luscious in texture, it offers concentrated tangerine and stone-fruit flavors balanced briskly with acidity. It's an uncomplicated but lip-smacking sip to enjoy now through 2018."	Berres Estate	89	16	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		C.H. Berres 2015 Berres Estate Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	C.H. Berres
US	"The alcohol is refreshingly moderate on this blush wine, which has appealing flavors of oranges, limes and tropical fruits, brightened with soft acidity. It's almost as sweet as a dessert wine, with a sugary finish."	Pauline's Vineyard Grenache	84	22	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Kokomo 2012 Pauline's Vineyard Grenache Rosé (Dry Creek Valley)	Rosé	Kokomo
Italy	"Lovely fragrances of pressed powder, black berries, rose and tilled soil waft from the glass. The firm palate offers wild cherry, raspberry, cinnamon, licorice and savory herb alongside tightly knit but refined tannins. Fresh acidity balances this out but it's still young and not fully developed. Drink 2020–2030."		93	45	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Caparzo 2010  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Caparzo
Portugal	"Named after the valley where the vineyard is situated, this red-fruited spicy wine is crisp. There are soft tannins and attractive acidity. Drink now."	Vale das Donas	85	9	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Cavalinho 2014 Vale das Donas Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Cavalinho
US	"This 100% Tempranillo is soft and silky and vibrant in acidity, with pretty flavors of red cherries, raspberries and bacon. A nice wine to drink now with ham, sausage and similar salty, umami-rich fare."	Viva Tu!	87	28	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Bodegas Paso Robles 2007 Viva Tu! Tempranillo (Paso Robles)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Paso Robles
US	"In this blend of 68% Cabernet Sauvignon, 28% Merlot and 4% Cabernet Franc, vanilla, carob, herb, green wood and dark fruit aromas are followed by fruit and oak-derived flavors in equal proportion. It shows restraint but doesn't come together."	Reserve	88	60	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Matthews 2013 Reserve Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Matthews
France	"Lifted notes of beeswax and chamomile signal maturity. In contrast to these wonderfully evolved notes, the palate sings with freshness and verve. This is resolutely dry but full of charm, despite its serious if gentle nature. The body is characterized by fluidity, concentration, warmth and freshness. A great joy that lasts long after the last sip."	Kaefferkopf Grand Cru	93	40	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Martin Schaetzel 2013 Kaefferkopf Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Martin Schaetzel
US	"Orange-blossom aromas and lush, broad flavors like banana and pineapple make a good combo in this medium-bodied, soft and richly textured wine. It fermented in oval wood casks and aged eight months on the lees."		88	20	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Navarro 2014 Pinot Gris (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Gris	Navarro
US	"Smoky and toasty, with well-defined acidity, this flavorful Chardonnay matches the barrel notes to light tropical and stone fruits—peach and papaya."		88	18	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hedgeline 2010 Chardonnay (Washington)	Chardonnay	Hedgeline
Argentina	"Aromas of ripe blackberry, prune and minerality are upright and intense. The palate is lush, smooth and balanced, while blackberry and cassis lead the flavor assault. A deep, long and delicious finish confirms that this wine offes great value for just over $20."	Golden Reserve	92	21	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trivento 2010 Golden Reserve Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Trivento
US	"Massive, opulent, oozing in pineapple créme brulée, honey, buttered toast and cinnamon spice flavors. Totally decadent, and fortunately set off with brisk, citrusy acidity. Calling all lobsters, and don't forget the drawn butter. Sheer hedonism in a glass, at a fantastic price."		95	26	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Melville 2008 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Melville
US	"Made from 47% Primitivo, 29% Zinfandel, 16% Syrah and 8% Petite Sirah, this offers a complex nose that mixes sanguine elements of iron, tar and black rocks with smoked meats. The palate is plush and smoky with decent grip, culminating with a bit of creosote funk on the finish."	Holystone	89	28	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sextant 2012 Holystone Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Sextant
US	"Rhubarb, cranberry and strawberry mix on the nose in this richly inviting wine that is textured and not overwhelming in weight. Featuring electric acidity, the wine finishes boldly in blackberry and licorice."	Kaufman Sunnyside Vineyard	90	42	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	WillowBrook Cellars 2012 Kaufman Sunnyside Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Mountain)	Pinot Noir	WillowBrook Cellars
US	"Dry and crisp, with peach and citrus flavors and a touch of oak, this wine benefitted from a cool growing season in usually hot Paso Robles. It has the acidity of a true coastal white wine."		84	19	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Robert Hall 2006 Chardonnay (Paso Robles)	Chardonnay	Robert Hall
US	"There's a ruffle of herbaceous, green leaves that lingers from nose to finish, adding freshness to this otherwise rich, sumptuous Merlot. The mouthfeel is robust and velvety, with layers of fine, penetrating tannins that linger long on the finish. Enjoy now after a robust decant, but better yet from 2016-2019."	Blackbird	88	40	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Anthony Nappa 2012 Blackbird Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Anthony Nappa
US	"Aromas of vanilla, clove, coffee and dark raspberry lead to a mouthful of rich layered fruit flavors. It shows impressive concentration, with fruit flavors lingering on the long finish."		91	26	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Basalt 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Basalt
Chile	"Dense aromas of earth, berry fruits, latex and animal fur are a touch challenging at first but balance out with airing. This has a crisp, fresh feel despite coming from a hot year. Lightly herbal, leathery flavors of red currant and wild berry finish oaky, with more than adequate filling."		89	20	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Maquis 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Maquis
Austria	"An intensely herbal wine, this is very green and crisp. It brings out citrus, fresh apple and lemongrass spiciness to yield a wine that is concentrated and likely to age for 2–4 years. Glass stopper."	Steirische Klassik	89	24	Südsteiermark			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lackner Tinnacher 2012 Steirische Klassik Sauvignon Blanc (Südsteiermark)	Sauvignon Blanc	Lackner Tinnacher
US	"Made in the popular style, this Chardonnay shows simple oak, pineapple, mango and peach flavors. It finishes with notes of vanilla and honey."	Light Horse	84	14	California	California	California Other			Jamieson Ranch 2012 Light Horse Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Jamieson Ranch
US	"Glimpses of bramble and spice, vanilla and toast lend nuance to ripe blackberry and and cherry flavors in this ripe, rich Cabernet Sauvignon. Juicy and concentrated, it's approachable yet stylish with a polished frame of acidity and fine tannins."		90	24	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hazlitt 1852 Vineyards 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hazlitt 1852 Vineyards
US	"Fresh and fruity aromas and flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to enjoy. It has an earthy smell at first, but that blows off quickly. The mouthfeel is smooth, almost sweet. ."		86	11	California	Clarksburg	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Gen5 2012 Merlot (Clarksburg)	Merlot	Gen5
US	"This estate-grown wine is made by Ken Wright. Showing some sharp, high-toned volatility in the nose, it opens into a smooth, spicy wine with pomegranate and black cherry fruit. A slight whiff of vinegar underlies the tannins, but for most tasters, it will not be noticeable."		88	48	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Angela Estate 2012 Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Angela Estate
Romania	"This Romanian Riesling has aromas of peach, lemon blossom and honeysuckle. In the mouth there are flavors of apricot and lemon zest. The finish is clean and a bit astringent."	Treasure of Transylvania	85	8	Tarnave			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Jidvei 2016 Treasure of Transylvania Riesling (Tarnave)	Riesling	Jidvei
Chile	"Aromas of brambly plum and raspberry set up a palate with ripe flavors of black cherry and nutmeg. A baking-spice character carries onto the finish, which turns more soft and candied as it wraps up."	Gran Reserva Estate Bottled	88	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casas del Bosque 2013 Gran Reserva Estate Bottled Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Casas del Bosque
Chile	"This starts out fresh on the nose, with a modest herbal accent. The palate is lively and clean, with ample body and good balance. Flavors of cherry, plum and herb lead to a mildly green-tasting finish."	Coastal Cool Climate	85	14	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lomas del Valle 2011 Coastal Cool Climate Merlot (Casablanca Valley)	Merlot	Lomas del Valle
US	"From the winery's premier vineyard comes this inky, earthy wine with woodsy aromas. Flavors of plum and pie cherry dominate the fruit, along with a definite smoky, charred flavor, perhaps from overroasted barrels."	Pompadour Vineyard	85	20	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Weisinger's of Ashland 1999 Pompadour Vineyard Merlot (Rogue Valley)	Merlot	Weisinger's of Ashland
France	"Tannins and structure bring out the character of the 2010 vintage in this open, generally soft wine. It is already attractive, drinkable and fresh. Black currants dominate the natural fruitiness. Drink now."	Fleur de Roc	85	20	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cheval Quancard 2010 Fleur de Roc  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cheval Quancard
US	"The wine is a little candied, with stewed cherry, brown sugar and cinnamon flavors, set off with good acidity. It's also a bit hot and oaky. Hard to see it aging, so drink up."	Reserve	86	52	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Ca' Momi 2012 Reserve Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Ca' Momi
US	"This black-fruited offering has the winery's signature stamp all over it, with a vein of herb and wet rock that slices through the aromas and into the palate. Tangy acids prop up the blackberry and black-cherry fruit, and suggest that this can age. Drink now through 2030 at least."	Gestalt Block	93	60	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Brittan Vineyards 2014 Gestalt Block Pinot Noir (McMinnville)	Pinot Noir	Brittan Vineyards
Bulgaria	"This blend of 45% Cabernet Sauvignon, 35% Merlot and 20% Mavrud has aromas of dried cranberries and ripe red raspberry. It is full bodied in the mouth with flavors of ripe black plum and pleasantly chewy tannins."	Motley Cock	89	16	Thracian Valley			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Castra Rubra 2011 Motley Cock Red (Thracian Valley)	Red Blend	Castra Rubra
France	"With vines between Fronsac and Bourg, this estate has produced a forward wine with the 2015 vintage. Black currants and acidity are sustained by a youthful tannic structure. It can certainly be drunk now for its fruitiness, although kept until later in 2017 it will be richer."		85	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Barotte 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Barotte
Portugal	"This single-vineyard wine, packed in its grossly heavy bottle, is big in every sense. It has great power and concentration, flavors of chocolate extraction that just escape overwhelming the fruit. Rich black-plum flavors are balanced by a series of tannic waves. This impressive wine is still all potential, so drink from 2018."	Ribeiro Santo Vinha da Neve	94	45	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Magnum Vinhos 2011 Ribeiro Santo Vinha da Neve Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Magnum Vinhos
France	"This wine is light and perfumed, with crisp red currants and a tangy orange-zest texture. It dances from the glass, refreshing and poised to finish."	Les Fumées Blanches	85	16	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	François Lurton 2015 Les Fumées Blanches Rosé (Vin de France)	Rosé	François Lurton
US	"Somewhat light in color, this is an aromatically appealing wine that shows a complex assortment of coffee, vanilla, pencil lead, cherry, blueberry and high-toned herbal notes. It's exquisitely polished in its styling, with plush tannins and a long, lingering finish. A pretty expression of the variety that shows a great degree of elegance and deftness, it drinks well out of the gate but continues to improve with additional time to breathe."	Double Canyon Vineyard	93	48	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Double Canyon 2012 Double Canyon Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Double Canyon
US	"Aromatic and lushly scented with rhubarb, strawberry, cola, root beer and cocoa powder, this is immediately accessible, and yet structured to age if you can keep your hands off of it. Streaks of beet root sneak in around raspberry and cherry fruit, with firm tannins and highlights of toast, coffee, caramel and dark chocolate. This is a very fine cuvée that seems to gain focus as it rolls through the finish."	Yamhill Cuvée	92	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Serene 2014 Yamhill Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Serene
US	"A bit rustic in the mouth, with candy-sweet cherry and blackberry flavors. Drink now."	Estate	84	34	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast			Joullian 2007 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Carmel Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Joullian
France	"Even after four years, this wine is showing strong wood flavors. Hopefully this burnt toastiness will calm down, because the fruit has potential. It is rich and packed with blueberry and black currant fruits while still firmly tannic. Drink from 2017."	Chemin de Compostelle	89	18	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Hauterive 2010 Chemin de Compostelle Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château de Hauterive
US	"This simple little Pinot Noir has thin flavors of sour cherry candy and spices. It's properly made and clean, just not very interesting."	Lot 5	83	13	California	California	California Other			Grayson 2010 Lot 5 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Grayson
Portugal	"Named after the Portuguese word for the sommelier's tastevin, the wine is rich with juicy red fruits. It has a firm structure that emphasizes the wine's youth showing that it should develop. Densely textured at the end, the wine will be ready to drink from 2017."	Scancio Reserva Touriga Nacional-Syrah	88	15	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	DFJ Vinhos 2015 Scancio Reserva Touriga Nacional-Syrah Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	DFJ Vinhos
Italy	"Dark berry, grilled herb and underbrush aromas float out of the glass along with a whiff of rose. The firm palate offers juicy dark cherry, raspberry, clove, anise and tobacco framed in velvety tannins."	La Casa in Collina	90	40	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vite Colte 2012 La Casa in Collina  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Vite Colte
Argentina	"Initially this Malbec-led blend is reduced, but with airing minerality and concentrated aromas of jammy berry fruits and latex win out. This is packed, ripe and stacked on the palate. Flavors of ripe black fruits, licorice, pepper and berry preserves finish spicy, peppery and with a note of chocolate. Drink through 2020."	Paisaje de Tupungato	91	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Flichman 2012 Paisaje de Tupungato Red (Mendoza)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Finca Flichman
France	"Wood-aged wine, showing both spice and ripe tropical fruits. Mango and pineapple combine with vanilla and coconut milk to give a full, rich wine, though with Sauvignon Blanc's fresh acidity. Age for 2–3 years."	Le Grande Cuvée des Edvins	93	45	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Mellot 2009 Le Grande Cuvée des Edvins  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Joseph Mellot
Israel	"A fruit-filled nose of blackberry and pomegranate primes the palate for flavors of blackberry, eucalyptus, green pepper and cocoa. Strong tannins and acidity are equally matched, and there is a startling note of oregano on the smooth finish."	Storm Adama II	89	28	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Tabor 2013 Storm Adama II Red (Galilee)	Red Blend	Tabor
US	"This crisp Sauvignon Blanc shows how well the variety can perform in Dry Creek Valley. It offers lots of savory citrus, green grass, tropical fruit, honey and white pepper flavors. The acidity makes the mouth water."	Estate	89	19	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Mill Creek 2011 Estate Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mill Creek
France	"Very light, this wine disappoints with a lack of power, of steely acidity. Instead it is soft, broad, a touch of green fruit, leaving a light, bright aftertaste."		84	15	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Specht 2008 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Specht
Italy	"This bright Chianti Classico offers cherry, forest berry and blue flower notes, backed by touches of wet earth and leather. The palate is smooth and firm, and it has a fresh, almost herbal finish."		88	16	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Castellare di Castellina 2010  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Castellare di Castellina
Australia	"This plump, medium-bodied Chardonnay boasts aromas and flavors of smoke and grilled pineapple. It may be a little on the simple side, but it's well done, combining ample varietal character with an appetizing bit of oak."	The Olive Grove	87	16	South Australia	Adelaide		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	D'Arenberg 2007 The Olive Grove Chardonnay (Adelaide)	Chardonnay	D'Arenberg
Bulgaria	"A clean nose of lemon curd sets the scene for flavors of kumquat, green apple, ripe mango and lemon zest. Medium bodied on the palate, this wine offers a bright, crisp finish."		90	14	Danube River Plains			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Chateau Burgozone 2014 Chardonnay (Danube River Plains)	Chardonnay	Chateau Burgozone
France	"While herbaceous, this wine also has ripe tropical fruits that bring out a richer, early drinking side. It's bone-dry and crisp, the apricot fruits balanced by intense citrus. Concentrated and very fruity, it can be drunk now."	Les Baronnes	89	25	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2013 Les Baronnes  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Henri Bourgeois
Italy	"Aromas of licorice, dark berry, dried herb, leather and a balsamic note lead the way. The firm palate offers ripe Marasca cherry, raspberry compote, pipe tobacco and licorice while firm, velvety tannins lend finesse. This won't need years to come around but it also shows staying power. Drink 2019–2027."	Prapò	94	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Germano Ettore 2012 Prapò  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Germano Ettore
France	"Attractively juicy fruit is fresh and full of black currant flavors. This wine still has firm tannins although they are beginning to fill out with fresh fruitiness and smoky acidity. It should still age, so drink from 2018."		87	16	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Vieux Ligat 2011  Côtes de Bourg	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Vieux Ligat
Chile	"A demanding, pushy wine with few rewards. The nose is aggressive with aromas of shoe polish, coffee and gamy fruit, and the palate turns jumpy and more acidic as it opens. Rough and tumble, yet concentrated. Imported by Orvino Imports."	Reserva	82	13	Molina			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Echeverria 2005 Reserva Merlot (Molina)	Merlot	Echeverria
Argentina	"The better side of the nose takes time to reveal itself. At first it's all apple cider, peanuts and popcorn, but then fresh apples and spice appear. In the mouth it's a little chewy, with more of that dominant apple character. A serviceable, drinkable wine, but nothing special."		83	7	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Julia 2001 Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Santa Julia
Italy	"This blend of Montepulciano and Aglianico offers deep notes of resin, spice, plum, black fruit, cherry and root beer. The wine has a slightly raw quality with nervous tannins that are characteristic of both grape varieties but many years in the bottle have softened them."	Gironia	88	22	Southern Italy	Biferno Rosso				Borgo di Colloredo 2001 Gironia  (Biferno Rosso)	Red Blend	Borgo di Colloredo
US	"A full nose of flowers and citrus is followed by quiet flavors of lemon and spice in this friendly Chardonnay from Keuka Spring. Subtle and easy, the wine will pair well with grilled fish or chicken salad."		84	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Keuka Spring 2007 Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Keuka Spring
France	"While this wine is rich, its tight texture brings out the minerality. Yellow fruits and toast are balanced with zingy acidity for a wine that will need time to broaden out. Drink from 2021."	Les Murgers des Denys de Chien Premier Cru	90	50	Burgundy	Saint-Aubin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roux Père et Fils 2015 Les Murgers des Denys de Chien Premier Cru  (Saint-Aubin)	Chardonnay	Roux Père et Fils
Portugal	"Made from fruit that's sourced from the Buçaco Mountains in the east of Bairrada, this wine is rich and elegant, and its juicy fruit provides a counterbalance to the structure. With its youthful fruitiness, this is worth aging for another 2–3 years."	Azul Portugal	91	11	Bairrada			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2008 Azul Portugal Red (Bairrada)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
US	"A distinguished Merlot, dark, dry and brooding. Complex, too, with deep flavors of blueberry, mushroom, dark chocolate and anise. The tannins are fairly fierce despite the softness, but the wine doesn't seem like a longterm ager, so give it a decant before drinking over the next few years."		91	20	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Buena Vista 2009 Merlot (Carneros)	Merlot	Buena Vista
France	"This is a serious, rich, concentrated wine. It has weight, density and a powerful structure that offers black cherry and plum fruits. Dominated at this stage by a dry, tannic core, it needs to age. Drink from 2017."	Château de Chamirey Les Ruelles Premier Cru	92	50	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2011 Château de Chamirey Les Ruelles Premier Cru  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Domaines Devillard
Italy	"Savory spice and candied fruit notes emerge on the bouquet of this sophisticated wine. It shows tight, silky tannins and delivers a brightly intense finish with notes of dried ginger, cedar and licorice."	Rocche dell'Annunziata	92	75	Piedmont	Barolo				Mauro Veglio 2007 Rocche dell'Annunziata  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Mauro Veglio
US	"Winemaker James MacPhail continues to refine his solo project with this Annapolis-sourced effort, a smooth layered expression of baked strawberry and rose petal herbaceousness. Lingering fruitiness makes it lovely to enjoy, as the oak remains a background player in full support of the succulence and ripe power. Still young, it should continue to open further over time."	Pinot de Ville Putnam Vineyard	93	65	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tongue Dancer 2015 Pinot de Ville Putnam Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Tongue Dancer
France	"Despite this wine's very pale color, it shows ample weight and a silky texture on the palate. Peach and melon flavors pick up hints of berry and citrus on the finish."		86	12	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine de la Petite Cassagne 2013 Rosé (Costières de Nîmes)	Rosé	Domaine de la Petite Cassagne
US	"Tingling acidity wraps around a core of pear and peach fruit in this well-integrated, layered and lush wine. The oak is quiet through the entry and midpalate, picking up power and weight on the finish. Lovely on its own, it's also a good choice for the table."		90	15	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Roth 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Alexander Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Roth
France	"Magalanne's top wine is a wood-matured blend of 40% Syrah, 30% Mourvèdre and 30% Carignan. It's nicely balanced and spry on the palate, easily moving from raspberry, cherry and citrus to leather, spice and herb before ending on some stony, dusty notes. Drink it over the next year or two."	Lou Biou Signargues	88	22	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône Villages		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine de Magalanne 2011 Lou Biou Signargues Red (Côtes du Rhône Villages)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine de Magalanne
US	"From several of the producer's estate vineyards, this wine traffics in spicy, leathery texture and robust full-bodied power, layering in more tart savory characteristics of rhubarb, dark cherry and orange. The tannins are firm and supportive, taking on a velvety sheen."	Estate	87	39	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Domaine Carneros 2014 Estate Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Carneros
US	"Here's a smooth, polished and rewarding Cabernet Sauvignon. It shows the structure and finesse you expect from Napa Valley, and is not one of those modern fruit bombs despite rich flavors of blackberries, currants and cassis. Good now and through 2010, at least."		90	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Lionheart 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lionheart
Austria	"Sumptuous red cherry, wrapped in velvety structure, presents a ripe and rounded Pinot Noir with earthy, autumnal edges. It offers lovely balance and constant glimpses of red fruit, oaky spice and soft yet crunchy midpalate mouthfeel. This will benefit from holding 2016–2017 in bottle."	Reserve	92	21	Carnuntum			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Markowitsch 2012 Reserve Pinot Noir (Carnuntum)	Pinot Noir	Markowitsch
US	"If only this blend of seven popular varieties were drier, it would score higher. It's crisp in acidity and complex in orange, peach, pear, honeysuckle, vanilla and mineral flavors. But the sugary finish puts it into the fruit juice category."	Winemakers Blend	83	15	California	California	California Other			Seven Daughters NV Winemakers Blend White (California)	White Blend	Seven Daughters
Germany	"This off-dry Riesling's honey-kissed peach and nectarine flavors are lip-smackingly sweet. Its light, sprightly texture and high-toned acidity lend balance and refreshment. Brisk and easy-drinking, it offers loads of quaffable appeal."	Two Princes	90	15	Nahe			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Prinz Salm 2015 Two Princes Riesling (Nahe)	Riesling	Prinz Salm
US	"You can quibble with the price, but there's no doubt about the quality of this Zin. It's extraordinarily deeply flavored, offering waves of wild cherries, cola, anise, molé sauce, pepper spice and sandalwood, wrapped into profoundly fine tannins, and with a long, dry finish. Drink this near-perfect Zinfandel over the next six years."	Old Hill Single Vineyard	95	60	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Ravenswood 2007 Old Hill Single Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Ravenswood
US	"Earthy on the nose and palate with savory whiffs of smoked hazelnuts, this dry, Hudson River sparkling wine is striking in its acidity and nut skin astringency. Fairly aggressive on the palate with a bold, lingering effervescence."	Grand Monarque Cuvee	85	25	New York	Hudson River Region	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Brotherhood NV Grand Monarque Cuvee Sparkling (Hudson River Region)	Sparkling Blend	Brotherhood
Italy	"Aromas of underbrush, cellar floor, porcini mushroom and a whiff of menthol lead the nose. The palate is on the raw side, offering sour cranberry, dried herb and star anise alongside assertive, rather grainy tannins that leave a drying finish."	Gallina	87	50	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Prinsi 2013 Gallina  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Prinsi
US	"This is an aromatically subdued wine with notes of peach, pineapple and spice. It's medium bodied, elegant in style with a lightly creamy feel, seeming a bit dilute."	H3	86	15	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Crest 2013 H3 Chardonnay (Horse Heaven Hills)	Chardonnay	Columbia Crest
New Zealand	"The aromas feature a subtle interplay between roses, red fruit and earthier elements, with the flavors following along in a similar vein. But where this wine excels is in its texture—supremely silky—and finish, which shows excellent persistence. A complex and elegant expression of North Island Pinot Noir."	Block B	91	50	Wairarapa			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Schubert 2004 Block B Pinot Noir (Wairarapa)	Pinot Noir	Schubert
US	"This wine spent more than two years in barrel, yielding some grainy, textural tannins. The plummy fruit is backed with licorice, vanilla and black tea flavors, all nicely integrated."		89	24	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mannina Cellars 2010 Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Mannina Cellars
US	"An exuberantly juicy and fulfilling wine, this designate from a site near Lovall Valley is awash in blackberry and blueberry, showing off healthy waves of concentration and structure. Spicy cinnamon and orange peel dot the landscape before a punch of tannin and vanilla oak close out the finish."	Rancho Estrella	93	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Talisman 2012 Rancho Estrella Pinot Noir (Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Talisman
Italy	"This wine is simple and thin, with moderate notes of red cherry and plum, but it's solidly done and the winemaking is clean."	Tavernello	82	7	Central Italy	Romagna				Caviro 2011 Tavernello Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Caviro
US	"This is a robust, brawny wine, exuberant in wild strawberry and earthy black pepper and black tea. Leathery layers of mushroom and toasted oak combine for a full-bodied experience that speaks well of the appellation. A concentrated version of one clone of the grape from a single vineyard in a stellar vintage."	Jane's Vineyard Clone 667	92	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Davis Bynum 2012 Jane's Vineyard Clone 667 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Davis Bynum
US	"Named for the documentary filmmaker, artist and wife of Francis Ford Coppola, Eleanor blends Syrah and Petite Sirah from Rutherford with Cabernet Sauvignon from Alexander Valley and Syrah from Dry Creek Valley to form a rich, red, extracted wine generously succulent in cranberry and dark cherry. Licorice, tar and tobacco add to the complexity and flavor."		90	60	California	Sonoma County-Napa County	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Eleanor 2013 Red (Sonoma County-Napa County)	Red Blend	Eleanor
Italy	"This savory wine has earthy and fruity fragrances of underbrush, spice and plum. The palate delivers a lush dark cherry flavor, accented by white pepper, cinnamon and licorice spice. With its fresh acidity and firm but elegant tannins, this has complexity and modest aging potential."		94	32	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Dei 2010  Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Dei
South Africa	"A blend of 69% Cabernet Sauvignon, 22% Cabernet Franc and 9% Merlot, this is a dense and brooding wine, with dark notes of cassis, licorice, black plum, date and cigar-box spice on the nose and in the mouth. The palate is firmly structured, with medium tannins and balanced alcohol that lend the wine a crushed-velvet texture. Glimmers of charred oak and toasted spice linger long on the finish. Delicious now, but should develop more layer and nuance with time; drink through 2018."	Paul Sauer	92	50	Simonsberg-Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Kanonkop 2008 Paul Sauer Red (Simonsberg-Stellenbosch)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Kanonkop
US	"The California appellation is used because the winery's estate vineyard is in Ventura County, north of Los Angeles—a cool-climate, coastal growing region. This is rewardingly dry and complex, with an intriguing cured-meat note along with ripe blackberry and cassis flavors. The tannin-acid balance is great, making it a very enjoyable wine to drink now with game, lamb and beef."	Elena	91	40	California	California	California Other			Bella Victorian 2009 Elena Syrah (California)	Syrah	Bella Victorian
US	"Accents of vanilla, fresh mint and graham cracker crumbs add a touch of complexity to the ripe black plum and cherry flavors on Comtesse Thérèse's Aquebogue Estate. Elegantly structured with a brisk, lean acidity and soft, powdery tannins."	Aquebogue Estate	88	25	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Comtesse Thérèse 2007 Aquebogue Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (North Fork of Long Island)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Comtesse Thérèse
US	"Made in a lighter style, but showing true Williams Selyem elegance and complexity. With pretty cherry, cola, spice and sandalwood flavors, it has bright acidity, and is a very nice Pinot Noir to drink now."		90	37	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Williams Selyem 2009 Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
Austria	"This wine is reminiscent of ripe, plump pears and yellow plums fallen onto wet, cool autumn leaves on moss and grass. Those ripe notions are totally evident on the smooth, rounded palate that has a lick of vivacious lemon acidity. The long finish majors on citrus and clove-like spice."	Gaisberg Reserve	92	43	Kamptal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Hiedler 2013 Gaisberg Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Hiedler
US	"All varietal coming from Candy Mountain Vineyard, the aromas of dark-roasted coffee bean, herb, vanilla and dark cherry provide appeal. Fruit and barrel flavors intertwine on the palate, tapering toward the finish."		89	32	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Silvara 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Silvara
US	"Classic Calistoga red wine, totally dry, full-bodied and big. Assaults with sweet, ripe sour cherry candy, cola, anise and spice flavors that finish long and lush. Yet it shows a refined tannic structure, and there's a firm minerality. Could surprise in the cellar after six years, but no guarantees."	Estate	91	48	California	Calistoga	Napa			Envy 2008 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Calistoga)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Envy
Italy	"This opens with funky aromas of stewed prune, sawdust, sage and a hint of barnyard that carry through to the palate. Astringent tannins give it a gritty, drying finish."	Rio Sordo Riserva	86	75	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Bruciata 2010 Rio Sordo Riserva  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Bruciata
US	"Evelyn's is the winery's reserve bottling. From first sniff to last sip it's a magical wine, conveying the richness and complexity that Biodynamic farming can convey. Cherries, cut tobacco, iron filings and dark chocolate flavors swirl together in a lush tapestry. The texture, tension and balance are superb, and time spent in 50% new French oak puts a wisp of smoke through the engaging finish."	Evelyn's	95	68	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Brick House 2012 Evelyn's Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Brick House
France	"The vineyard of the medieval Château de Mercey has produced a fully structured, fully fruity wine in 2010. It has ripe berry fruits, layers of acidity and a firm core of tannins. It should age over the next 3–4 years."	Château de Mercey	89	28	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Antonin Rodet 2010 Château de Mercey  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Antonin Rodet
Italy	"Aromas of black plum, coffee and baking spice lead the nose on this hearty red. The ripe accessible palate displays prune, tobacco and vanilla framed in chewy assertive tannins. Drink through 2021."	Riserva	88	52	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria La Lecciaia 2011 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Fattoria La Lecciaia
France	"In its antique bottle, this wine (one of a limited series) is laden with more wood than fruit. It will certainly soften, allowing the black fruits to come through, but this amount of wood will be hard to balance out. Drink from 2020."	Excellence de Belliard	87	128	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Belliard Vins Selections 2014 Excellence de Belliard  (Pomerol)	Merlot	Belliard Vins Selections
France	"From its privileged position right next to the grand cru of La Tâche, Aux Malconsorts has produced a heady, perfumed wine, relatively delicate, relying on its succulent red fruits to give body. It is on the sweet side of Pinot Noir, jammy with red berry flavors, and already delicious."	Aux Malconsorts Premier Cru	92	160	Burgundy	Vosne-Romanée		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Père & Fils 2006 Aux Malconsorts Premier Cru  (Vosne-Romanée)	Pinot Noir	Bouchard Père & Fils
France	"Good density here, with tannins that spring from bright berry fruits. The acidity is certainly present, but it has weight behind it, giving potential richness balanced by wood."		88	17	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lieujean 2007  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lieujean
Chile	"Immediately this Malbec is defined by loud, toasty, overbearing oak. On the nose, it smells like vanilla, sawdust, campfire and creamy but generic black fruits. In the mouth, it's blocky, while heavy oak-influenced flavors of chocolaty mint and vanilla finish like an ice cream sundae."	Limited Reserve	86	18	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Millaman 2014 Limited Reserve Malbec (Curicó Valley)	Malbec	Millaman
US	"Loads of sweet pineapple and vanilla mark this richly succulent wine. Super-concentrated fruity flavors blast the palate, leading to a long finish. For all its ripeness, the wine is dry. Strong and tasty stuff!"		88	19	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Le Vin 2000 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Le Vin
US	"A tremendous achievement in Merlot. The vineyard, around 1,600 feet up on Mt. Veeder, is now owned by the Jackson family, and the winemaker is Chris Carpenter, who oversees Cardinale. In fact, this Merlot bears an uncanny resemblance to Cardinale in the dramatically ripe, sweet fruit and superb, tannin-based structure. It's 100% Merlot, with hefty yet balanced alcohol, and the wine easily handles the 85% new French oak in which it was aged for 22 months."		98	60	California	Mount Veeder	Napa			Mt. Brave 2008 Merlot (Mount Veeder)	Merlot	Mt. Brave
US	"Made from Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this is a sweet, rustic wine. It's overripe and Porty, with caramel, blackberry jam and chocolate flavors."	Spellonu Red	82	15	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Spell Wine 2006 Spellonu Red Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Spell Wine
US	"Shows the classy elegance of all Qupe's Syrahs, although it's thinner and rougher than the more expensive bottlings. Still, for the price, this wine is nicely dry and intricate in blackberry and crushed pepper flavors."		87	18	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Qupé 2008 Syrah (Central Coast)	Syrah	Qupé
Italy	"Floral and fragrant, this opens with aromas of rose, blue flower, forest floor and woodland berries. The palate offers crushed black cherry, wild raspberry, orange zest and clove alongside firm tannins and bright acidity. It's savory and tannic; enjoy through 2017."		90	15	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Gracciano della Seta 2013  Rosso di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Gracciano della Seta
Italy	"This opens with black, inky intensity and generous aromas of ripe fruit, raspberry, plum, moist earth and pipe tobacco. The mouthfeel is earthy and gritty with astringent tannins on the finish. Hold this for 10–15 years."		88	45	Piedmont	Barolo				Mario Marengo 2008  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Mario Marengo
US	"This is 100% Syrah from the Boushey vineyard. It's so compact that it's almost impenetrable, but the gorgeous aromas portend a glorious wine given appropriate bottle age and/or breathing time. A dark, dusty mix of black fruits, black olives, black coffee and licorice, this has such density that it's almost impossible to separate out all the fruit layers, let alone the earthier components that make it so distinctive. At 14.8% alcohol, this may be the biggest Betz Boushey Syrah ever."	La Serenne	94	55	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Betz Family 2007 La Serenne Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Betz Family
US	"From Laguna Ridge Vineyard, which surrounds the producer's winery, this bottling begs to be explored. It's beguiling from the beginning, with unexpected shots of soy, corn nuts and gamy charcuterie. Big, structured tannins support juicy flavors of black cherry and raspberry, resulting in a complex, velvety mouthfeel. Flourishes of dark chocolate and cardamom tease on the finish."	Coopersmith	96	63	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Merry Edwards 2013 Coopersmith Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
US	"Roasted hazelnut with grilled pineapple and peach carry the aromas and palate of this vineyard-designate Chardonnay. Having spent 11 months in French oak (33% new), the wine shows barrel tones, however a bright acidity helps keep things alive and fresh."	Wild Meadow Vineyard	88	30	Virginia	Virginia		Alexander Peartree		Michael Shaps 2013 Wild Meadow Vineyard Chardonnay (Virginia)	Chardonnay	Michael Shaps
US	"A whiff of leather to open, followed by plenty of cranberry and cherry fruit, balanced and medium bodied. Mocha and cola streaks run into ripe tannins."	Stoller Vineyard	87	30	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Verve 2007 Stoller Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Verve
US	"This is soft and jammy, with raspberry, cherry and oak flavors. A pretty wine, with a good tannin-acid balance, for drinking now."	Gracie Creek Vineyards	86	32	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Muscardini 2010 Gracie Creek Vineyards Syrah (Sonoma Valley)	Syrah	Muscardini
Germany	"Hints of graphite mark the nose, but this wine is tight and restrained aromatically. Green apple and citrus flavors are crisply defined and tightly focused, ending long, with mouth-tingling acids. Give it another couple of years to develop in the bottle."	Rüdesheim Berg Roseneck Trocken Erstes Gewächs	90	73	Rheingau			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	August Kesseler 2009 Rüdesheim Berg Roseneck Trocken Erstes Gewächs Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	August Kesseler
New Zealand	"Shows a slightly evolved color for a wine this young, with hints of brick already creeping in at the rim, but it also delivers elegant sous bois aromas, bright cherry and cranberry fruit and notes of scorched wood and leather that turn more mocha-like on the finish. Drink now."		86	20	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Wairau River 2009 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Wairau River
US	"High-toned citrus stars in this mineral-driven wine that harmonizes acidity and fruit. Lime and grapefruit lean into richer elements of vanilla and caramel on the finish, balancing each other out."	Estate Grown	89	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gloria Ferrer 2013 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Gloria Ferrer
France	"This is a finely perfumed wine with its dark tannins and juicy black-currant fruit. It has structure and a dense texture although this is filled with the bright acidity that gives the wine a lift. This will age well, so drink from 2021."	La Chapelle de la Mission Haut-Brion	92	49	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château La Mission Haut-Brion 2014 La Chapelle de la Mission Haut-Brion  (Pessac-Léognan)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château La Mission Haut-Brion
Chile	"With brick-colored edges and gritty aromas of turned earth, raw oak, asphalt and berry fruits, this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot feels tight, with rubbery tannins. Oak-infused flavors of herbal blackberry, mint and anise finish with notes of licorice and chocolate as well as a touch of heat. Drink through 2021."	Lota	92	80	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cousiño-Macul 2010 Lota Red (Maipo Valley)	Red Blend	Cousiño-Macul
France	"A soft wine without real definition, it has an attractive fruity character, but it's missing the firm structure of the appellation. With its vanilla and apricot flavors, this ripe Chardonnay is ready to drink."		86	50	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jaffelin 2010  Chassagne-Montrachet	Chardonnay	Jaffelin
Argentina	"Compact dark-fruit aromas turn more jammy with airing. This is gripping in feel, with firm tannins. Flavors of spice, herbs and  black fruits finish with pronounced acidity, leftover tannins and a leathery accent."	[+]	86	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Julia 2012 [+] Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Julia
Spain	"Raisiny, heavy stuff made from a mix of Tempranillo, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. It's thick and awkward, with molasses on the nose then tomato, plum and herbal flavors. Lacks balance and mouthfeel while pouring on the weight."	ops	82	13	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Loxarel 2007 ops Red (Penedès)	Red Blend	Loxarel
US	"This blend of 95% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Negrette shows treacly candied cherry and crème de cassis as well as a composting purple-flower element on the nose. Thick kirsch and blackcurrant flavors are present on the boozy palate, which would pair with a cigar easily."	Kekoa Metodo Potugues	85	26	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Four Sisters Ranch 2013 Kekoa Metodo Potugues Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Four Sisters Ranch
France	"Ripe and full in the mouth, this generous wine has yellow fruits and a warm, rich texture. Flavors of freshness flow right through the wine. Balanced and smooth at the end, it is ready to drink."		90	20	Burgundy	Mâcon-Davayé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Croix Senaillet 2013  Mâcon-Davayé	Chardonnay	Domaine de la Croix Senaillet
US	"Lots of tropical fruit, pear, peach, green apple, vanilla, honey and creamy flavors in this Chardonnay. Also lots of zesty acidity, which brightens the flavors and makes the wine finish clean. Drink it now."		87	17	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Shiloh Road 2009 Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Shiloh Road
US	"Lots of savory raspberry and cherry pie flavors in this soft, slightly heavy Pinot Noir. Oak barrel aging shows up as rich notes of buttered toast. It's a flashy, opulent wine for drinking now."		88	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Gallo Signature Series 2011 Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Gallo Signature Series
Argentina	"Light cherry and raspberry aromas come in front of a grabby rubbery palate. This tastes like salty plum, with little variation of that theme. A solid finish tastes exactly like what came before."	Altas Cumbres	85	13	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lagarde 2014 Altas Cumbres Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Lagarde
Portugal	"Big, bold tannins and ripe black fruits mark a wine that is solid and concentrated. Juicy acidity keeps the rich fruits crisp as the wine matures gently. Generous and with hints of wood aging, the wine will be best drunk from 2018."	Colheita	89	20	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Duorum 2015 Colheita Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Duorum
US	"There's nice restraint on the nose of this judiciously priced bottling by the Delicato group, with lemon-lime citrus and slightly green apple flesh on the nose. The wine is strongly textural once sipped, with sour apple, lime peel and riper stone fruit in the background, finishing grippy and clean."	242	90	13	California	San Bernabe	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Noble Vines 2014 242 Sauvignon Blanc (San Bernabe)	Sauvignon Blanc	Noble Vines
Germany	"Another excellent bargain wine from St. Christopher, this light-footed kabinett is perfumed with notes of lavender, apple and honey. Off dry, it's concentrated on the palate, with juicy apple and hints of sweet berry flavor. Steely acidity drives a long, lean finish."	Piesporter Michelsberg Kabinett	88	11	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		St. Christopher 2011 Piesporter Michelsberg Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Christopher
Germany	"Dusty pollen and mineral tones lend austerity and elegance to zesty orange peel and lemon flavors in this dry, bracing Riesling. While light bodied and spry, it's surprisingly persistent on the finish. Ends on a delicate floral note."	Qvinterra Trocken	91	18	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Kühling-Gillot 2012 Qvinterra Trocken Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Kühling-Gillot
Italy	"Aromas of ripe black-skinned fruit, new leather, menthol and a whisper of blue flower unfold on this stunning, elegantly structured wine. The vibrant palate doles out ripe black cherry, cinnamon and star anise framed in firm, fine-grained tannins. Hold for even more complexity. Absolutely superb. Drink 2022–2035."	Riserva	98	190	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Conti Costanti 2010 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Conti Costanti
US	"Somehow, this fine winery gets left off a lot of “best of” lists, which makes it a great value, especially from a super vintage like ‘97. This is serious Napa Cabernet, filled with fancy black currant, cassis and mocha, and complex with toasty oak. It's very dry and elegant, one of those wines that fills the palate with the most sumptuous flavors and textures. It's so focused, it's delicious now, but there's no doubt it will age and improve for a long time."		92	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Stonegate 1997 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stonegate
US	"Tart pomegranate and cranberry meet with strong sagebrush and mace on the nose of this fairly priced bottling. The palate shows nutmeg, pine needle and juniper seasonings, which give depth to the bright and crisp cranberry-orange rind backbone. Pencil shavings add to the complexity."		88	30	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	J Wilkes 2014 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	J Wilkes
France	"Named after the ruined abbey which the vineyard surrounds, this is a smooth, generous and beautifully opulent wine. The vines, owned by the Leflaive family, give a bold, spicy wine, rich in white stone fruits, intense acidity and a firm mineral texture. There is just enough toasty flavor to give the wine extra complexity. Drink this impressive wine from 2021."	Abbaye de Morgeot Premier Cru	95	113	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Olivier Leflaive 2014 Abbaye de Morgeot Premier Cru  (Chassagne-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Olivier Leflaive
US	"This Cab already has nearly five years on it, but it still has tough, bitter tannins. That raises the question: will it age? Fruit-wise, it's rich in blackberries, cherries and currants, with an exotic cassis finish. The acidity is crisp and zesty. But those acids and tannins are likely to outlive the fruit."		85	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Broman 2003 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Broman
Chile	"Opens with an aromatic blast of graphite, peppery spice and rubber along with meaty black-fruit scents. Feels round and a bit wayward, with middling fruit, peppery accents and moderate sweetness. Finishes heavy and condensed, with jamminess."	Reserva	86	12	Elqui Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chono 2009 Reserva Syrah (Elqui Valley)	Syrah	Chono
US	"Imposing, concentrated and tannic, this Syrah-based blend needs time to mature and soften. It has vivid aromas and flavors of black pepper, clove, cranberry and dark chocolate plus an almost rigid mouthfeel from a thick underpinning of fine tannins. The distinctive flavors match the powerful structure, so it should age well. Best to drink after 2020."	Mr. Burgess	92	36	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	The Withers Winery 2013 Mr. Burgess Red (El Dorado)	Rhône-style Red Blend	The Withers Winery
Italy	"Red berry, citrus, hazelnut and a hint of Alpine herb lead the nose on this vibrant sparkler. A blend of 75% Pinot Noir and 25% Chardonnay, the racy palate doles out strawberry, cherry, nectarine zest and a hint of crystallized ginger alongside a vibrant persistent perlage."	Rosé Metodo Classico	88	20	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rotari 2013 Rosé Metodo Classico Sparkling (Trento)	Sparkling Blend	Rotari
US	"Lemony fresh with touches of mineral and earth, this easy-quaffing wine conveys subtle flavors of apple, pear and lemon. Dry in style, the expansive, full-bodied mouthfeel is cut by brisk, lemony acidity."		85	16	New York	Cayuga Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hosmer 2012 Pinot Gris (Cayuga Lake)	Pinot Gris	Hosmer
US	"Here's your basic white Zin, fruity and slightly sweet, with jammy raspberry and vanilla flavors. Crisp acidity fortunately provides needed balance."	White	83	9	California	California	California Other			Fetzer 2009 White Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Fetzer
US	"Stylistically focused in its clear embrace of fruit and cool-climate acidity, this balanced white is honeysuckle-inflected, with steely pear and orange blossom elements, unfettered by oak."	Complicated	88	18	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Taken Wine Co. 2015 Complicated Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Taken Wine Co.
Germany	"Spine-tingling acidity runs throughout this off-dry Riesling. Swathes of honey and fresh apple, saffron and dried berries lend sweetness and warmth, but this striking kabinett does not surrender its sharp edges easily."	Ockfener Bockstein Kabinett	89	20	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Fischer 2013 Ockfener Bockstein Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Fischer
US	"This flashy Cabernet is one of Coppola's best Sonoma County Cabernets ever, a fine followup to the great 2007. It immediately impresses with richness, smoothness of texture and complexity, offering waves of ripe summer blackberry, blueberry and smoke. The tannins are firm, dusty and soft, making the wine drinkable now and over the next six years with steak."	Archimedes	92	52	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Francis Ford Coppola 2009 Archimedes Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Francis Ford Coppola
US	"All coming from Block 1, this wine was fermented 65% whole cluster and aged for 20 months in neutral barrels. Pretty aromas of spice, flower, herb, cherry and earth give way to a full fruit-forward palate that shows a dazzling sense of purity and richness while also maintaining its restraint. It's a bit of a stylistic departure for the winery in terms of its richness but it still delivers big time."	Gorgeous Destiny Ridge Vineyard	92	30	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	W.T. Vintners 2014 Gorgeous Destiny Ridge Vineyard Syrah (Horse Heaven Hills)	Syrah	W.T. Vintners
US	"Here's a good, clean effort, not showing entirely bone dry but enough for the moniker. Mixed citrus, notably lime, green apple and spicy notes dominate, in a wine with excellent balance and a welcome touch of minerality."	Bebop Dry	90	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Nodland 2012 Bebop Dry Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Nodland
Argentina	"This is green from front to back. Starting with the nose, this smells like bell pepper and green beans. A raw, scratchy palate confirms where this is headed, and that's toward an underripe palate with a finish that tastes like fresh-picked green beans."	Hermanos	81	15	Other	Salta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domingo Hermanos 2014 Hermanos Cabernet Sauvignon (Salta)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Domingo Hermanos
Spain	"Bold and gold, with penetrating aromas of orange, dried apricots, sweat and honey comb. The feel is rich and layered, with just enough acidity to lend volume to the apricot, dried peach and honey flavors this late-harvest Chardonnay is pushing. Thick and a bit unctuous on the finish; drink now."	Caligo Essència Sweet White Wine	91	90	Spain Other	Spain		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	D.G. Viticultors NV Caligo Essència Sweet White Wine Chardonnay (Spain)	Chardonnay	D.G. Viticultors
US	"Bright cherry fruit is set against a backdrop of clean earth, while the young tannins are firm and focused. The wine carries balanced suggestions of leaf and herb, and will surely benefit from further bottle age."	Shea Vineyard	90	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bergström 2010 Shea Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Bergström
Germany	"Heady tropical pineapple, melon and mango tones pulse through this palate-clinging auslese. It's lusciously sweet but not cloying, with spine-tingling acidity and pleasantly musky saffron notes that intensify on its long, lean finish. Delicious already, it will continue to improve through 2040."	Herrenberg Auslese 31 Grosse Lage	95	114	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Maximin Grünhäuser 2015 Herrenberg Auslese 31 Grosse Lage Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Maximin Grünhäuser
France	"Aromas of white cherry and strawberry lead the nose of this wine, with hints of peach and honeydew that lend richness. A mentholated thread adds interest to the palate, alongside a soft astringency that couples with notes of melon rind and citrus peel on the finish."	Domaine Mas Belles Eaux	86	12	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Mas Belles Eaux 2015 Domaine Mas Belles Eaux Rosé (Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	Mas Belles Eaux
France	"Warm, rich, with a southern Chardonnay ripeness, this shows high toast, but also ripe tropical fruit. The acidity is light, with a creamy texture, and added spice and richness. It's a harmonious style that needs 3–4 years."	Le Clos	91	58	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fuissé 2006 Le Clos  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Château de Fuissé
US	"Lots of ripe, flashy black currant, cherry, licorice, plum jam and smoky oak flavors in this Cabernet Sauvignon-based blend. It's rich in tannins, and a little soft, but delicious. You can drink it now, but you can also cellar it through 2019 to let it slowly change."	Our Tribute	89	62	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			The Calling 2010 Our Tribute Red (Alexander Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	The Calling
Chile	"The opening of tobacco, lemon peel, floral notes and mixed black fruits is alluring, while the palate is crisp and acidic but still fresh and good. Herbal berry fruit flavors with citric hints work the flavor profile, and the finish smacks down with firm tannins and bite. Nice aromas and flavors but the mouthfeel needs some work. 55% Carmenère with 30% Syrah and 15% Cabernet Sauvignon."	Gran Crucero Limited Edition	88	27	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Siegel 2006 Gran Crucero Limited Edition Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Siegel
US	"This is a nicely balanced wine from estate-grown vines, a mix of licorice and raspberry that offers luxurious mouthfeel and texture atop surprising acidity. A small amount of Viognier was used in fermentation to provide some additional lift and floral aromas, while a dustiness prevails on the finish."	Estate Grown	90	25	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kunde 2013 Estate Grown Syrah (Sonoma Valley)	Syrah	Kunde
Italy	"This opens with aromas suggesting white flower, orchard fruit and bread crust. The straightforward palate delivers Golden Delicious apple and a hint of peach alongside crisp acidity."	Barricato 40	87	13	Northeastern Italy	Collio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bollini 2014 Barricato 40 Chardonnay (Collio)	Chardonnay	Bollini
France	"Fresh notes of juicy orange are the chief charm of this dry, fresh wine. The palate has an earthy aspect but comes with lip-smacking freshness. The finish is clean and dry."	Vieilles Vignes	88	23	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Fritz Schmitt 2015 Vieilles Vignes Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Fritz Schmitt
US	"Strong, ripe fruit and oak characterize this opulent young Chardonnay. It's flavors of pineapples, oranges and mangoes are rich, dry, honeyed and accented with a note of buttered toast. Drink now."	Heritage Reserve	89	35	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Schug 2010 Heritage Reserve Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Schug
US	"A blend of Pinot Blanc and four other white grapes, this pleasant and fruity wine offers simple enjoyment. Peach, pink-grapefruit, straw and cracker flavors show on the palate and lead to a dry finish."	Vin de Days Blanc	88	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Day 2016 Vin de Days Blanc White (Willamette Valley)	White Blend	Day
US	"A limited production blend, this opens with tart, brambly fruit flavors accented with mild herbs. The finish continues down a brambly, peppery path. Best to give this until 2017 or so in bottle."	Griffin's Cuvée	87	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dobbes Family Estate 2012 Griffin's Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dobbes Family Estate
Germany	"Faint whiffs of apple and fresh herb open this elegant and somewhat subdued Riesling. Dry and moderately full in body, the palate is delicate, with flavors of nectarine, white grapefruit and lemon, along with a hint of honeycomb for added complexity."	Dürkheimer Dry-Style	88	19	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fitz-Ritter 2012 Dürkheimer Dry-Style Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Fitz-Ritter
US	"Lots of ripe red cherry, pomegranate, cola and sandalwood flavors in this dry Pinot Noir. It lacks vibrant acidity to give life to the richness. Drink now."		86	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Rossi Wallace 2010 Pinot Noir (Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Rossi Wallace
US	"Toasted oak and cardamom aromas give way to powerful oaky flavors on the palate, where maple, stewed plum and toasted bread flavors accompany a soft, easy texture."		87	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	McManis 2015 Syrah (California)	Syrah	McManis
US	"Light and clear in color this wine is somewhat simple on the palate and marked by the presence of oak. Light bodied, it has flavors of baked bread and strawberry jam that get along well before a wave of vanilla lingers on the finish."		86	16	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	River Road 2014 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	River Road
US	"From the famous Westside Road-adjacent vineyard, this Chardonnay shows a proclivity toward lush roundness of texture and tropical flourish in flavor. Vanilla nuttiness is complemented by pineapple, green apple and caramel, lasting long into the finish."	Bacigalupi Vineyard	90	44	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	E16 2014 Bacigalupi Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	E16
Italy	"From one of Franciacorta's leading producers, Gran Cuvée Pas Operé offers an enticing fragrance of acacia flower, white flowers and beeswax. The creamy palate delivers apple, nut, spice, thyme and sage along with fine, persistent effervescence."	Gran Cuvée Pas Operé	92	50	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bellavista 2006 Gran Cuvée Pas Operé Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Bellavista
US	"Pure Merlot, with muscle and sharp tannins. The scent suggests butter and caramel, but the wine itself has more herb and earth flavor than barrel or grape."		85	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	RiverAerie 2008 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	RiverAerie
US	"This is an incredibly beautiful and yes, joyful, sparkler, made from equal parts Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. This particular offering was disgorged in July 2016. It positively impresses in minerality, complemented by a more fulsome sense of lemon, apple and hazelnut on the creamy palate, leaving a rich trail of silk on the finish."	Joy! Estate Bottled	98	250	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Iron Horse 2003 Joy! Estate Bottled Sparkling (Green Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Iron Horse
France	"Produced with organically grown grapes, the wine is firm, still tight and with ripe black fruits. It is full, structured with enough fruitiness to balance the tannins. As it ages, this wine will come together into a rich while fruity wine. Drink from late 2017."		88	19	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lion des Aubrots 2014  Côtes de Bourg	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Lion des Aubrots
US	"While subdued on the nose, crunchy Asian pear and green-apple flavors on the palate are persistent and vital. Racy acidity and delicate sweetness balance neatly. A refreshing, thirst quenching wine with wide appeal."	Semi-Dry	88	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Red Newt Cellars 2014 Semi-Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Red Newt Cellars
US	"Floral and honey aromas are touched with earthy hints of saffron and pollen on this bold, lushly textured Riesling. The palate is quite full bodied, with intense flavors of stone fruits, poached pears and spice, but finishes long and elegant."	Magdalena Vineyard Dry	89	36	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hermann J. Wiemer 2011 Magdalena Vineyard Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Hermann J. Wiemer
US	"Deliciously gentle. Makes you wonder why more people don't drink Syrah. With a soft complexity, the wine houses lush flavors of cherries, plums, mocha and violets, accented with sweet, smoky oak."	Hidden Hill Vineyard	88	32	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Huntington 2005 Hidden Hill Vineyard Syrah (Alexander Valley)	Syrah	Huntington
Argentina	"With floral aromas, toasty oak notes and solid berry fruit, this bottling is the best among Trapiche's 2007 single-vineyard Malbecs. The palate features smoky berry fruit but also high acidity and some scour. Fortunately it's also layered and structured. Will do best with meats and fatty foods. Drink now through 2015."	Viña Adolfo Ahumada Single Vineyard Villa Bastías	90	50	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trapiche 2007 Viña Adolfo Ahumada Single Vineyard Villa Bastías Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Trapiche
Italy	"Rose petal, perfumed berry pressed powder and sweet cake spice aromas lead the way. The vibrant palate offers crunchy red cherry, raspberry, white pepper, grilled herb and tobacco alongside fresh acidity and assertive tannins. Drink 2019–2029."	Gabutti	93	65	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Sordo 2011 Gabutti  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Sordo
US	"This big-boy, 100% varietal Cab is reflective of both its vintage and provenance, a celebration of black pepper, blackberry and tar around an intensely full-bodied, bittersweet palate. Tobacco leaf and leather saddle interweave themselves through the wine's middle and end. Drink now through 2020."	Walther River Block	92	150	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	D.R. Stephens 2012 Walther River Block Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	D.R. Stephens
US	"A pretty, tan-blush color, this refreshing wine was fermented in stainless steel. Flavors of peach and melon are in play, and the wine has excellent definition and length, with ample acidity and modest alcohol."	Traditions	88	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Milbrandt 2013 Traditions Pinot Gris (Columbia Valley (WA))	Pinot Gris	Milbrandt
US	"This has a prevailing fortified-wine scent to its nose, with details of plum liqueur and mint-chocolate. It's muscular and overtly firm on the palate; the fortified wine quality creates a slightly discordant sensation."	Estates	83	35	America					Mount Pleasant Winery NV Estates Cabernet Sauvignon (America)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mount Pleasant Winery
US	"This is serious and concentrated, probably built to age a few more years before its peak. It smells soaked with black cherry and black currant aromas, tastes deep, ripe and compelling, and feels full bodied and firmly tannic. The flavors are powerful enough to match the big texture, so it should improve through 2020."		91	25	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Paul Dolan 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendocino County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Paul Dolan
Italy	"Made with 50% Sangiovese, 25% Merlot and 25% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of red cherry and vanilla. The palate delivers red plum, tangerine and a hint of clove alongside bracing tannins."	Commendator Enrico	88	39	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lornano 2012 Commendator Enrico Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Lornano
Chile	"This smells basic and clean, with black fruit aromas of cherry and plum. It feels rugged, grabby and tannic, with a dark, chocolaty flavor of baked berry leading to a toasty and spicy finish that delivers strong tannin. It reflects the cool conditions of 2010."	Los Vascos Grande Reserve	87	20	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite) 2010 Los Vascos Grande Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite)
Austria	"Black berries, spice and black plums are the dominant flavors of this blend of Blaufränkisch, Zweigelt and Cabernet Sauvignon. Austerity and minerality layer within the dry firm fruits. The wood shows well, a foil for the freshness, acidity and dry tannins. Screwcap."	Koenigsegg Reserve	89	22	Burgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Schloss Halbturn 2004 Koenigsegg Reserve Red (Burgenland)	Red Blend	Schloss Halbturn
France	"This is a fragrant, floral wine, with a smooth touch of vanilla. It has a fruity, ripe feel, and it shows fresh, crisp, apple-like acidity. This is a ready-to-drink, balanced Chardonnay."		86	27	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jessiaume 2010  Bourgogne	Chardonnay	Domaine Jessiaume
Chile	"A touch mossy and herbal on the nose, but also poised, balanced and inviting. The palate is juicy and incorporates good mouthfeel, and the flavors of spiced plum have character. Finishes with pepper and toast along with mild tannic bite. Imported by Great Wines Corpora U.S."	Gran Reserva	89	22	Aconcagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Porta 2007 Gran Reserva Syrah (Aconcagua Valley)	Syrah	Porta
US	"Tight black fruit and hints of stem and wood suggest that this herbal Cabernet needs more time in bottle. The tannins are slightly green, and the softening influence of buttery barrel aging has not yet been fully integrated."	Estate	87	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gamache 2008 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gamache
France	"Not quite dry, this lightly perfumed wine has fresh apricot and white peach flavors. It is poised with acidity and a soft texture. Drink now."	Tradition	85	16	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vieil Armand 2013 Tradition Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Vieil Armand
US	"The first of Gloria's 2007 Pinots to be released, and a promising allure to their future block bottlings. The wine is, in a word, superb. It has ripe raspberry, cherry and blackberry fruit, but also a wonderful earthiness of mushrooms, and the tannin-acid balance is near perfect. A gorgeous young wine to decant and enjoy now."		94	22	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Gloria Ferrer 2007 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Gloria Ferrer
Spain	"Smells full but reduced, with a foxy, candied leaning and aromas of vitamins and minerals. Feels big, bulky, grabby and thick, with baked blackberry and plum flavors. Full on the finish, with some heat."	Reserva	86	18	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Loriñon 2006 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Loriñon
Austria	"The nose informs subtly about slight oak and freshly cut green and yellow apples. The palate is apple-fresh and rounded with a pleasant midpalate weight. Hints of smoke and hazelnut glint happily here and there, making for a very appetizing Pinot Gris—a world apart from the popular Italian style."	Graupert	91	19	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Meinklang 2014 Graupert Pinot Gris (Burgenland)	Pinot Gris	Meinklang
Italy	"Black-skinned fruit, charred earth and a whiff of leather lead the nose. Ripe and straightforward, the palate offers dried black cherry, tobacco and a whiff of licorice alongside chewy tannins. Drink through 2021."	Boscoselvo	88	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Sensi 2011 Boscoselvo  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Sensi
Argentina	"Black fruit aromas come with spice and earth notes. This is saturated to the point of feeling heavy. Herbal raspberry and plum flavors end with grating, scratchy, unresolved tannic grab."	Reserva	85	17	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Quattrocchi 2011 Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Quattrocchi
US	"The aroma immediately suggests green vegetables, perhaps broccoli. You'll find some raspberry jam flavors, but they're thin, and disappear into a quick finish. On the plus side, the wine is dry, silky and elegantly structured. Drink up."	Campbell Ranch Vineyard	84	59	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Sojourn 2012 Campbell Ranch Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sojourn
US	"Ripe cherry and raspberry aromas are accented by red flower and light turmeric tones. Lissome and juicy, the palate is robed with fine powdery tannins that lend the finish some toehold."	Long Bomb Edition Six	86	20	Virginia	Virginia				Tarara 2012 Long Bomb Edition Six Red (Virginia)	Red Blend	Tarara
France	"This white blend of Gros Manseng and Petit Courbu, both local grapes for Saint-Mont, produces a ripe, floral wine with touches of honey. It is refreshing as well, with lime juice acidity that sails right through to the end."	Hat Trick	86	10	Southwest France	Saint-Mont		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Producteurs Plaimont 2013 Hat Trick  (Saint-Mont)	White Blend	Producteurs Plaimont
Spain	"This has a jumpy and piquant bouquet, with notes of plum and raspberry. It feels pinched and narrow but lively, with mild berry, cherry and leather flavors. Holds onto that leathery characteristic on what amounts to a slightly bitter tasting finish."	Tinto Joven	84	10	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pradorey 2011 Tinto Joven  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Pradorey
US	"Lively acidity defined by a taste of lemon peel meets heftier overtones of fresh pear, providing a medium-bodied texture that should work well at the table. The finish highlights the lemony aspects of the wine."		89	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kristodd 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kristodd
US	"This lovely Sauvignon Blanc is a little sweet in honey. But the acidity is crisp, and there's a fine mineral undertow to the fresh peach, citrus and green apple flavors, so the finish feels dry and clean."	Vittorio's Vineyard	88	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			V. Sattui 2008 Vittorio's Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	V. Sattui
US	"Bright, dusty leather is a highlight of this structured, meaty, balanced wine, firm and grippy in tannin. Red berry and coffee complement each other to find a tension between fruit and spice."	Old Hill Single Vineyard	91	60	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ravenswood 2014 Old Hill Single Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Ravenswood
US	"Chocolate mocha and black fruit define this full-bodied, robustly made and oaked wine from a mountain appellation. Moderate acidity helps cut through the generous tannin and rich ripeness, finding a brushy dried sage note along the way."	Le Bijou du Roi Reserve	90	118	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	En Garde 2012 Le Bijou du Roi Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	En Garde
US	"Coming from an assortment of warm and cool climate vineyards and blended with 6% Roussanne, this pleasing wine offers notes of grilled corn on the cob, white peach, pepper and hay. Abundant stone fruit flavors are supported by a creamy feel, finishing just a touch bitter."		87	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Blacksmith 2012 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Blacksmith
France	"The nose offers minor essences of apple core and more pronounced notes of wet minerality. On the palate, more refreshingly acidic characteristics shine with flavors of ripe rhubarb and red cherry. A rosé perfectly designed for enjoying with food."		86	16	Languedoc-Roussillon	Coteaux du Languedoc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Domaine de Nizas 2007 Rosé (Coteaux du Languedoc)	Rosé	Domaine de Nizas
Canada	"Slightly spritzy, this zesty effort puts a mineral base under flavors of fresh lime and mixed citrus. There is enough residual sugar—18 g/L—to offset the bracing acids, without turning the wine overly sweet."		88	15	Ontario	Niagara Peninsula		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cave Spring 2014 Riesling (Niagara Peninsula)	Riesling	Cave Spring
Portugal	"Showing the warmth of an Alentejo wine, this is ripe and full in the mouth, offering red berry fruits cut with juicy acidity. It's a rich wine tinged with spice, finishing with a fresh aftertaste."	Ramos Reserva	88	10	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2013 Ramos Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
Italy	"Piccini's top wine is this super Tuscan that puts 60% Sangiovese with Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot in a successful blend of tobacco, earth and dark fruit flavors. The '99 is firmer in structure than the '97, a reflection of the vintage."	Vino in Musica	90	40	Tuscany	Toscana				Valiano 1999 Vino in Musica Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Valiano
US	"Bright copper in color, this substantial wine offers light strawberry and plum aromas, ripe plum and pear flavors and a creamy texture. Fruit flavors come out and linger on the taste buds with the help of the soft texture and somewhat sweet finish."	Estate	85	21	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Naggiar 2013 Estate Rosé (Sierra Foothills)	Rosé	Naggiar
Italy	"Aged for 24 months in new wood, this opens with aromas of toasted oak, black cherry and coffee bean. The rich palate offers up juicy sour cherry, vanilla, mocha and sweet oak alongside firm but supple tannins."	Sorì Ginestra	89	101	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Conterno Fantino 2009 Sorì Ginestra  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Conterno Fantino
Italy	"A blend of 85% Sangiovese, 10% Canaiolo and 5% Colorino, this offers delicate ripe black-skinned fruit and cooking spice aromas. On the palate, ripe black cherry, espresso and clove flavors are framed by firm tannins. Drink through 2019."	Riserva	89	30	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mangiacane 2011 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Mangiacane
US	"With apricot, orange, peach, lemon and lime flavors, this is one of the richer Sauvignon Blancs out there. But it's totally dry, with brisk acidity and a clean, elegant finish."	Big Ranch	88	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Laird 2013 Big Ranch Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Laird
Argentina	"Candied cherry and raspberry aromas are dilute by Mendoza standards. The palate is regular at best, with juicy generic flavors of plum and raspberry. This finishes raw in feel, with little depth of flavor."	1922	83	16	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Simonassi 2010 1922 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Simonassi
Spain	"Punchbowl aromas of red currant, raspberry, cherry and bath soap set up a bright yet sinewy palate. Flavors of baked berry, roasted plum and minerally earth notes finish with mild herb and spice flavors, ample residual fruit and juicy acidity."	Al Muvedre Tinto Joven	87	15	Levante	Alicante		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Telmo Rodríguez 2012 Al Muvedre Tinto Joven Red (Alicante)	Red Blend	Telmo Rodríguez
US	"Soft and simple, this is seemingly sweet and easy to drink now for its wealth of raspberry, cherry, mocha and spice flavors. The texture is light and silky. A portion of the profits goes to trout and salmon watershed restoration efforts."		84	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Steelhead Vineyards 2010 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Steelhead Vineyards
Spain	"A wiry, minty nose with aromas of herbs, compost and strawberry is pushy and direct. In the mouth, this feels grabby and tight, with driving tannins. Flavors of baked berry, carob and herbs finish with a prune-driven character, heat and choppy tannins."		89	25	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Nita 2011 Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Nita
France	"Named after the French practice of taking a cubitainer to a cooperative and filling it up “en vrac,” this is the sort of fruity, easy-drinking wine that those French would enjoy. It has red fruits, a gentle texture and great final acidity."	Vrac	84	11	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Rouët 2014 Vrac Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château du Rouët
US	"Feels harsh and angular in the mouth, with overripe raisin flavors. Not going anywhere."	Blackbird	81	30	California	California	California Other			Casa Tiene Vista 2010 Blackbird Merlot (California)	Merlot	Casa Tiene Vista
US	"This wine was fermented and aged in French oak, 25% of it new. It shows a touch of nutmeg dotted along a light-bodied swath of pear, apple, peach and vanilla. The wine is deliciously simple and focused, with a short finish."	Golden Heart	88	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Robert James Wines 2014 Golden Heart Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Robert James Wines
US	"Bold and brawny, this voluptuous red floods the palate with ruddy, ripe flavors of black cherries and plums. It's plush and fleshy in mouthfeel, but its juicy, rich demeanor is intoxicating. A dusty mineral tone lends elegance to the finish."	Campania Rosso	89	40	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Waters Crest 2010 Campania Rosso Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Waters Crest
Spain	"A spicy oaky nose is low on fruit, scattered and chocolaty. In the mouth, creamy oak and high acidity clash, while a lead flavor of chocolaty oak struggles to blend with tart saucy red-fruit notes. A milk chocolate flavor is most prominent on a hollow finish."	4M	85	13	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Taron 2014 4M  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Taron
US	"Made to be approachable, this full-bodied red is juicy with black fruit and tart cherry flavors, with a savory side of gunpowder and tobacco. Firm, integrated tannins behave well in the background."		88	29	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Starmont 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Starmont
France	"On the austere side, with a firm and dry tannic structure, this represents the classic style of Bordeaux. It has black currant fruit and a mineral edge, with a severe structure that demands to be aged."		89	22	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Greysac 2010  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Greysac
France	"This château in the middle of the Clos de Vougeot claims fame as the only winery situated inside the walls of this fabled vineyard. This ripe, rich and concentrated wine is full of jammy strawberry fruits that are deepened by the wood aging. The structure and the density of this wine show that it will age well. Drink from 2023."		94	225	Burgundy	Clos de Vougeot		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de la Tour 2013  Clos de Vougeot	Pinot Noir	Château de la Tour
US	"Velvety and rich aromas of chocolate and dried plums are cut with a citrus tartness on the nose of this single-vineyard expression from a historic site near the Gilroy Golf Course. The refreshing if slightly reductive palate offers flavors of espresso and blueberry-crusted beef, enlivening the tongue before washing away."	Besson Vineyard	88	28	California	Santa Clara Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sarah's Vineyard 2010 Besson Vineyard Syrah (Santa Clara Valley)	Syrah	Sarah's Vineyard
Italy	"Aromas of leafy underbrush, tilled soil, blue flowers and dark berry lead the nose. The vibrant, straightforward palate offers crushed wild cherry, black raspberry, anise and white pepper. It's easy drinking and well balanced thanks to fresh acidity and sleek tannins."		89	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta degli Dei 2013  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Tenuta degli Dei
Portugal	"Ripe and soft, this is a smooth wine. With its attractive black fruits and the lightest touch of tannin, it is fruity with a hint of toast. Drink this wine now."		86	14	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fiuza 2015 Merlot (Tejo)	Merlot	Fiuza
Italy	"There's just something about this 50-50 Sangiovese-Merlot blend that makes it absolutely irresistible. The fullness, the harmony, the intensity of aromas and the long, fruity persistency on the finish work together to produce one of the great modern super Tuscans."	Castello di Fonterutoli Siepi	94	99	Tuscany	Toscana				Mazzei 2004 Castello di Fonterutoli Siepi Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Mazzei
France	"Produced from a 7-acre parcel within the premier cru, this wine is tight and nervy at this young stage. It has acidity, a tangy mineral texture and crisp white and citrus fruit but needs time to fill out and show its full potential. Drink from 2021."	Les Vaillons Premier Cru	93	46	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Billaud-Simon 2014 Les Vaillons Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Billaud-Simon
US	"Who puts their lowest-priced Pinot Noir in 20% new French oak, and includes fruit from their best vineyards in the blend? Ponzi does, and the result is a terrific vintage for Tavola. Bright, compact, aromatic and lushly fruited with plum and black cherry, this is a stunning value. Cola, caramel and cinnamon spice add further details and highlights."	Tavola	91	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ponzi 2014 Tavola Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ponzi
France	"This wine brings out the fruitiness of the vintage. Its bright red berry aromas presage the attractive fruit and juicy acidity. Wood aging gives it a dry core, although it is developing quickly. Drink from 2019."		87	28	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château le Piat 2014  Côtes de Bourg	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château le Piat
US	"Fruity and herbal in flavor and generous in texture, this is medium to full bodied and quite smooth in mouth feel. It smells like currants, black olives and dried herbs, and tastes a bit savory and complex along with the plummy fruit flavors."		86	13	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	HandCraft 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	HandCraft
US	"Nicole's is a consistent stunner, upholding its reputation just fine with this vintage, a vibrant and spicy take on rich, robust cherry and black raspberry that's both juicy and smooth. The finish wraps up nicely with a take on dark chocolate and mint."	Nicole's Vineyard	93	65	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	J Vineyards & Winery 2012 Nicole's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	J Vineyards & Winery
US	"This concentrated, full-bodied wine blends 80% Cabernet Sauvignon with 15% Merlot and 5% Cabernet Franc, all grown from the producer's Upper Bench blocks known for cobbly soils. Brick, tar and pencil shavings accent a considerable presence of tannin and toasty oak. It should show best from 2020 to 2022."	Reminiscence Estate Grown	91	125	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lasseter 2012 Reminiscence Estate Grown Red (Sonoma Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Lasseter
Italy	Encouraging aromas of bread dough and baked apple give way to a rubber note. Moderately flavorful in the mouth but somewhat mono-dimensional with a foamy mousse. Medium finish. Drink now.	Brut Metodo Tradizionale Classico	84	24	Piedmont	Piedmont				Banfi NV Brut Metodo Tradizionale Classico Sparkling (Piedmont)	Sparkling Blend	Banfi
US	"Ripe aromas of apple flesh and apple blossoms trend toward guava on the nose of this wine from the legendary California family. There is a chalk-driven energy on the palate, though ripe fruits are prominent, with more apples and guava as well as steamed peaches."	Glacier Ridge	87	22	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Hearst Ranch 2013 Glacier Ridge Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Hearst Ranch
Germany	"Earthy hints of pollen and crushed minerals lend complexity to honeyed swathes of peach and raspberry in this delicately framed auslese. It's racy and lithe, yet remarkably penetrating through a long finish."	Piesporter Goldtröpfchen Auslese Erste Lage	93	60	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		St. Urbans-Hof 2013 Piesporter Goldtröpfchen Auslese Erste Lage Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Urbans-Hof
Italy	Sour cherry and raspberry aromas lead the way in this red blend made from organically farmed grapes. The ripe fruit carries over to the palate alongside angular tannins. It's rather one-dimensional but will pair well with hearty pasta dishes and mild cheeses.		87	18	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Selva 2011  Morellino di Scansano	Red Blend	La Selva
Italy	"Oak-driven aromas recall toast, espresso and coconut. The palate offers steeped plum, dried cherry, orange zest, grilled sage and flint, with vigorous tannins. A licorice note signals the close."		88	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pietroso 2010  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Pietroso
US	"Made in fairly large quantities for a wide swath of palates, this wine is grippy in tannins and possessed of sizable weight and power."		85	13	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kirkland Signature 2013 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kirkland Signature
Germany	"Fluffy, almost cloud-like in mouthfeel, this finely textured late-release Riesling already shows clues of just a few years of bottle-age magic. Savory notes of white mushroom and spice lend umami to slicks of sweet marmalade, grapefruit and honey. It's an enticing wine at a surprisingly gentle price."	Avelsbacher Hammerstein	90	23	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Staatliche Weinbaudomäne Trier 2012 Avelsbacher Hammerstein Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Staatliche Weinbaudomäne Trier
France	"Smooth and balanced, this wine brings together generous red fruits and fresh acidity. Underneath, attractive, dry tannins give shape to this otherwise ready-to-drink, fruity wine. It's is a generous blend of 60% Merlot, 25% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Cabernet Franc and 5% Malbec."	Tradition	87	21	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Closerie du Bailli 2014 Tradition  (Côtes de Bourg)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Closerie du Bailli
Spain	"Dusty up front, with leather, red plum and berry aromas. Focused and snappy in the mouth, with forward cherry and plum flavors. Finishes toasty and peppery, and overall this is a juicy wine with crispness, good fruit and spice."	Faustino VII	87	11	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Faustino 2009 Faustino VII  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Faustino
France	"Subtle notes of orange meet freshly-cut pear flavors, amplified by some residual sugar. The richness of the palate is cut beautifully by a fresh and pure, citric acidity and a wrought phenolic structure which lends pleasant notes of subtle, enticing bitterness. There is something bittersweet about this that is touching and alluring."	Cuvée Ste. Cathérine	93	53	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Weinbach 2014 Cuvée Ste. Cathérine Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Weinbach
Spain	"Bready and yeasty smelling upfront, this feels round but also dry on the palate. Briny, pickled, yeasty flavors lead way to a salty finish. Quickly dissipating bubbles render it more of a demi-sec."	Brut Natural Reserva	86	23	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Albet I Noya 2011 Brut Natural Reserva Sparkling (Penedès)	Sparkling Blend	Albet I Noya
US	"Vanilla, saffron and other exotic yellow spices are laced amidst the dried apples, dried pineapples and just-cut lemons on the nose of this wine from a vineyard on the cool western fringe of the appellation. It's fairly broad in the mouth, with lots of lemon zest, cooked apples and more vanilla, cut by a pithy bitterness."	Solomon Hills Vineyard	92	34	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Ryan Cochrane 2013 Solomon Hills Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Ryan Cochrane
Spain	"With dusty, candied aromas, the bouquet on this semisweet Cava is scattered all over the map. In the mouth, it's inoffensive, however the wine's candied, melony flavors are cloying and overtly sugary. This is too clumsy and candied to be taken seriously."	Demi Sec	80	14	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Paul Cheneau NV Demi Sec Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Paul Cheneau
US	"A vigorous, masculine Pinot Noir. Dark in color, tannic and acidic, it has the weight of Grenache, although with silkier tannins. The flavors are impressively ripe and deep, suggesting raspberries, cherries, currants and a baked pie crust quality from oak. A bit ponderous now. Give it a good, long decant, or hold for up to six years."	La Colline	92	60	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Laetitia 2007 La Colline Pinot Noir (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Pinot Noir	Laetitia
France	"This blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah is a terrific bargain. It's full-bodied and creamy in texture yet without excessive weight, featuring complex notes of garrigue and cherries, plus hints of chocolate, cinnamon and clove. Finishes silky and long. Drink now–2025."		93	21	Rhône Valley	Vacqueyras		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine Saint Pierre 2013 Red (Vacqueyras)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine Saint Pierre
US	"Fresh jasmine flowers and orange blossoms give way to a tropical-leaning, guava-inflected nose on this bottling, boosted by a citrus twist. Once sipped, the tropical touch shows again, but it's fairly restrained, with light apple and mandarin-orange flavors prominent."		87	14	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Las Palmeras 2014 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Las Palmeras
Chile	"Mild raspberry and oak aromas make for a timid bouquet. The palate feels edgy and acidic, with herbal, oaky flavors of bramble and red fruit. It tastes resiny on the finish, with high acidity that creates an impression of sharpness."	Hacienda Araucano Reserva	83	11	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	François Lurton 2011 Hacienda Araucano Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	François Lurton
US	"This wine, from a new collaboration between San Miguel vintner David DuBois and Santa Ynez winemaker Andres Ibarra, shows excellently on the nose, with apple blossoms, white peach flesh, cold butter, seared lemons and garden herbs. The dynamic, engaging palate is framed by pencil shavings and browned butter, with lemon peels, nectarine flesh and hints of salted pineapple."		92	32	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cholame 2012 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Cholame
France	"Butter, pain grillé and roasted nut aromas expand on the palate into honey, peach and tangerine flavors, accented by citrus and mineral notes. Spicy (white peppery) on the finish."	Morgeot	89	50	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet				Louis Latour 2000 Morgeot  (Chassagne-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Louis Latour
Italy	"Earthy and full-bodied, this offers aromas of truffle, scorched earth, leather, game and mature black-skinned fruit. The warm palate offers black cherry marinated in spirits, star anise and clove alongside brooding tannins. It shows the heat of the vintage so drink sooner rather than later."	Boscareto	89	79	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Beni di Batasiolo 2011 Boscareto  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Beni di Batasiolo
France	"Still firmly tannic, the wine also promises rich black fruits. It has weight, a solid, firm structure and good balancing acidity. Complex and powerful, it's only spoiled by the show of pepper from the alcohol. Drink from 2016."		88	55	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Brulescaille 2010  Côtes de Bourg	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Brulescaille
France	"Scented mellow notes of ripe yellow apple stream from the glass. On the palate they are displayed against an autolytic background that recalls both rye bread and short-crust pastry. The mouse is very fine and adds creamy allure to the dry light palate. This is dry, classy and rather sophisticated with a refreshing finish that leaves a lasting impression."	Extra Brut Chardonnay	92	40	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Boeckel 2014 Extra Brut Chardonnay Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Boeckel
Argentina	"Cheesy and way too earthy and murky to be rewarded with anything higher than an acceptable rating. The feel is scratchy and raw, while the flavors seem roasted, overly earthy and dry."		82	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tempus Alba 2007 Tempranillo (Mendoza)	Tempranillo	Tempus Alba
New Zealand	"This medium-bodied, succulent wine blends three varieties into a complex and harmonious whole. Melon, stone fruit and grapefruit flavors are tinged with hints of peppery-gingery spice, then end long and mouthwatering."	Tangle Estate Grown Organic Pinot Gris-Gewurztraminer-Riesling	90	16	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Hunky Dory 2016 Tangle Estate Grown Organic Pinot Gris-Gewurztraminer-Riesling White (Marlborough)	White Blend	Hunky Dory
US	"This is soft, ripe and delicious, in the cult style, with heady blackberry jam, chocolate and sweet, caramelized oak flavors. It's thoroughly dry and really easy to like, with a certain dramatic impact. Drink soon."	Platinum	92	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Sterling 2009 Platinum Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sterling
US	"This 100% Cabernet is very dry, with hard tannins housing blackberry, plum, raisin and cedar flavors. It could develop bottle complexity over the years, but at this price, it's an expensive risk."	C.C. Ranch	87	100	California	Rutherford	Napa			Nickel & Nickel 2009 C.C. Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Nickel & Nickel
US	"From three vineyard sites, this wine benefits from the skill of its blender, who composed lemon and lime fruit crispness with more sultry full-bodied creaminess to the texture. Apple skin and herb complete the picture, finished off by a lovely accent of subtle spice."		90	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Freemark Abbey 2013 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Freemark Abbey
France	"The wine is rich and packed with ripe black fruits. The firm tannins are comfortably cushioned by the ripe texture. This is young, although developing well. Drink this wine, with its fine potential, from 2019."		88	20	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Valière 2014  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Valière
US	"The first release annually from the estate vineyard, this is a solid effort, seemingly infused with scents and flavors of pine needle, pine tar, earth and bark. The fruit is in the background, and leans toward cranberry and brambly blackberry."	Lylee	88	23	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Brigadoon 2014 Lylee Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Brigadoon
Spain	"This is toasty, full and cidery on the nose, with matchstick harshness in the background. The mouth is full and round, while flavors of apple and spice carry a yeasty heaviness. On the finish, things taste dry and don't evolve."	Brut Reserva	86	16	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mont Marçal 2009 Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Mont Marçal
US	"This is a light, focused and cleanly refreshing white, stainless-steel fermented and aged to retain zesty acidity and lingering traces of lemon and lime. It finishes with tartness on the palate."	Chesnut Family Vineyard	86	23	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mersenne 2015 Chesnut Family Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mersenne
US	"Golden colored, this is a clean, hedonistic wine, with a nose of rich coconut flake followed by caramel and baked apple. Enjoy with winter fare or as a gloomy day turns to night."	Eleanora's Selection	91	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Buena Vista 2012 Eleanora's Selection Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Buena Vista
Chile	"One of Chile's go-to producers of Sauvignon Blanc has bottled a winner. This deals classic aromas of citrus, nettle and sea brine. The palate is slightly oily and creamy, but lively with acidity. Flavors of persimmon, melon and ocean brine finish slightly salty, with a fresh-meets-oily feel."	Cariblanco	91	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kingston Family 2015 Cariblanco Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kingston Family
Spain	"Compact on the nose, this drills home aromas of leafy blackberry and cassis. A tannic, full-bodied palate is packed with blackberry, mineral, toast and baked but not cooked berry flavors. On the finish, it's rich, with molasses, earth and lightly stewed flavors. This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cab Franc is a lot like Bordeaux, which isn't far away on the map. Drink through 2020."		91	45	Northern Spain	Empordà		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Oliver Conti 2009 Red (Empordà)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Oliver Conti
US	"With a little oak giving the wine a toasty, buttery mouthfeel, this Chard is brisk in acidity. It has ripe, flashy tropical fruit, tangerine, apricot and pear flavors."		86	15	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Cameron Hughes 2012 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Cameron Hughes
US	"Seductive, spicy oak in the aromas and flavors puts a great spin on this medium-bodied, velvety smooth wine from a promising new winery in Northern California. Some ripe black-cherry and cranberry flavors chime in as well, supporting the toasted baguette, cedar and nutmeg nuances and layering seamlessly."		90	40	California	Red Hills Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Boatique 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Hills Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Boatique
US	"Not quite up there with previous vintages, although they've held the price and that's a good thing. The cold vintage took its toll, making this wine tart and somewhat green and herbal. Shows enough citrus and peach fruit to get by."		86	19	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Matanzas Creek 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Matanzas Creek
US	"This has a powerful, briary character, with a spicy, high-alcohol kick. It erupts in the mouth, with flavors of wild berry, tobacco, cola, anise and white pepper that should pair well with equally spicy fare, preferably fatty meats and cheeses."	Treborce	87	27	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Pech Merle 2010 Treborce Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Pech Merle
US	"This wine is half Cabernet Sauvignon, with the rest equal parts Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc and Merlot. Golden raisin, medicinal notes and abundant barrel spice aromas lead to full but balanced flavors backed by grainy tannins."	Brava	89	48	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Noviello 2013 Brava Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Noviello
Chile	"Baked, raisiny aromas indicate a very ripe wine. This feels full and heavy on the tongue, with dark, toasty flavors that turn bitter, oaky and peppery on the finish."	Maigo Reserve	83	12	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Nicolas 2011 Maigo Reserve Merlot (Curicó Valley)	Merlot	San Nicolas
US	"Graceful acidity balances the big flavor and salty oak of this wine, awash in bite-worthy green apple, tart quince and lemon. The body is medium but expertly textured, providing intense length and weight on the finish."	Grace Benoist Ranch Estate Grown	88	32	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Etude 2013 Grace Benoist Ranch Estate Grown Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Etude
US	"The aromas bring high-toned, somewhat unusual notes of herbs, vanilla, toffee and tire rubber. The berry flavors are ripe, with nutty accents and a squeeze of tannins."		87	27	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ott & Murphy 2013 Tempranillo (Horse Heaven Hills)	Tempranillo	Ott & Murphy
US	"This lovely expression of the grape blends in 21% Sémillon, adding a juicy, fleshy texture that's hard to forget. With a cradling of oak, it has a rich body met and balanced by crisp acidity, amid defined flavors of apple skin, melon and pineapple."		91	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Groth 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Groth
US	"Packaged in an attractive sunflower-adorned screwcap bottle, this Chardonnay made from organic grapes is light, bright and straightforward—tasting of lemon, lime and kiwi—with barely any oak influence."		86	13	California	Mendocino		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Girasole 2010 Chardonnay (Mendocino)	Chardonnay	Girasole
US	"Fairly rich and ripe, with pretty balck cherry, blackberry, spice, herb, leather and earth notes. The tannins are smooth, though the finish packs some forward brightness. A new style from a veteran winery. -J.M."	Selection Reserve Jacques de Conink	88	47	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Beaucanon 1999 Selection Reserve Jacques de Conink Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Beaucanon
France	"A slightly chunky and inelegant Côtes du Rhône, this wine nevertheless delivers satisfying and assertive notes of black olive, espresso and dark chocolate. Drink it over the next few years."		86	12	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	André Brunel 2009 Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	André Brunel
France	"This blend of Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault comes across as slightly confected. Bubble gum and cotton candy hint at sweetness, although this medium-bodied wine is technically dry. Serve well chilled."	Saint-Vincent	84	13	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Gabriel Meffre 2015 Saint-Vincent Rosé (Côtes du Rhône)	Rosé	Gabriel Meffre
US	"Released a year after their spectacular Sea Slopes bottling, this small production Pinot shows the elegance of the far Sonoma Coast, and also the ageworthiness of a fine wine. Dry and crisp, it has deep flavors of cherries, pomegranates and persimmons that are fresh and tart. It will have no trouble negotiating the next six years, growing earthier and more complex."	Fort Ross Vineyard	93	52	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Fort Ross 2010 Fort Ross Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Fort Ross
US	"The label is pretty, but the wine itself doesn't offer much. It's dry and thin, with simple Cabernet-like blackberry flavors."		81	7	California	California	California Other			Eye Candy 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Eye Candy
France	"Soft and fruity, it is already fully developed. Crisp apple flavors accompany bright acidity and a touch of minerality. Drink now."		85	27	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Duboeuf 2012  Pouilly-Fuissé	Chardonnay	Georges Duboeuf
France	"This attractive, juicy wine is full of red fruit. It has strawberry and crisp red currant flavors as well as fine acidity. The result is a wine with good balance, richness, spice and tannins. Drink from 2019."	Cuvée Les Ormeaux	91	18	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos Puy Arnaud 2015 Cuvée Les Ormeaux  (Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Clos Puy Arnaud
Spain	"Spunky, lively cherry, plum and currant aromas come with a whiff of rubber and Band-Aid. This blend of Tempranillo, Carignan and Grenache is dainty, with mid-level intensity. Oaky, medicinal plum and raspberry flavors run lean and herbal on the finish, and overall this is a light-framed red that's mild in character."	Novembre	86	18	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Vida al Camp 2012 Novembre Red (Penedès)	Red Blend	La Vida al Camp
US	"Blackberry, dill, thyme, oregano, bay leaf, roasted fennel and the slightest touch of green pepper show on the nose of this well-aged bottling. Similar elements extend to the palate, where the herbal influence gives intrigue to a backdrop of blackberry and elderberry fruit. Strong acidity ensures even more life."		89	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Jade Moon 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jade Moon
Argentina	"Aromas of oak, mint and cola accent earthy black-fruit scents in front of a palate that's tannic and raw but firm and structured. Berry and salty, oaky flavors finish with grabby, drying tannins and peppery spice."	Q	88	20	Mendoza Province	Valle de Uco		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zuccardi 2014 Q Malbec (Valle de Uco)	Malbec	Zuccardi
Chile	"Leafy cassis and cocoa aromas and flavors carry hints of almond paste, saddle leather and ground cinnamon. The mouthfeel is full and plush, with ripe tannins that coat the mouth and let you know that this wine is about more than up-front fruit. Drink now or anytime over the next five years."	Santa Digna	88	12	Curicó Valley			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Miguel Torres 1999 Santa Digna Cabernet Sauvignon (Curicó Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Miguel Torres
Argentina	"Slightly herbal plum and berry aromas come with a pinch of spice and meatiness. Feels medium-bodied and crisp, with juicy red-fruit flavors of plum, tomato and raspberry. Dries out on the finish, where it becomes more herbal and roasted."	Limited Edition Reserve	85	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Espuela del Gaucho 2010 Limited Edition Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Espuela del Gaucho
US	"The latest vintage of this white Pinot Noir is a pretty straw color, lacking the rich rose hue of the 2013, but the flavors remain robust and compelling. You'll find plenty of mixed tree fruits, along with suggestions of grass, herb, cracker and toast, with a youthfully yeasty aftertaste."	Bayliss-Bower Vineyard Pinot Noir Blanc	90	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ghost Hill 2014 Bayliss-Bower Vineyard Pinot Noir Blanc Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Ghost Hill
France	This wine reflects the ripeness of the vintage while still retaining crisp minerality. Creamed apples are balanced with a tangy texture and soft acidity. The wine finishes with a crisp aftertaste that gives a great lift. Drink the wine now.		87	25	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vrignaud 2015  Chablis	Chardonnay	Domaine Vrignaud
US	"The winery pulled out all the stops on this Cabernet-based Bordeaux blend, yet the wine is so tannic and sharp now. Shows massively extracted black currant and oak flavors that run deep and long in the finish. Who knows what this wine might do in 10–15 years, but it's a roll of the dice."	Paradiso	91	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa			V. Sattui 2009 Paradiso Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	V. Sattui
US	"The percentage of Grenache has been bumped up in Rôtie's second vintage, now at 70%, with the rest an even split between Syrah and Mourvèdre. Soft and spicy scents are laced with a mix of rock and vanilla. This nicely structured yet approachable wine might be mistaken for a Washington take on Priorat. The underlying minerality gives the light, plummy fruit a solid footing, and extends the length considerably."	Southern Blend Red	91	35	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rôtie Cellars 2008 Southern Blend Red Red (Washington)	Red Blend	Rôtie Cellars
US	"This is a nonvintage blend of Zinfandel, Syrah, Grenache and Cinsault. Well on its way to maturity, it's an easy-drinking quaffer, with a hint of bitterness on the finish."	Black Dot	84	20	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Pouillon NV Black Dot Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Domaine Pouillon
US	"Light and clean aromas of Asian pear, pear blossoms, apple flesh and white flowers show on the nose of this bottling from a property on the far western edge of the maritime appellation. Bright acidity presents flavors of lime, green apples, Anjou pear flesh and a touch of kiwi, with savory sea-salt touches."		93	35	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Presqu'ile 2014 Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Presqu'ile
US	"A blend of Pommard and Wadenswill clones, this was aged in large, neutral puncheons. It's smooth, light and well balanced, showing fruit flavors of watermelon and strawberry. The vintage was challenging, and flavors of leaf and herb are also in the mix."		88	30	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Wright 2011 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	J. Wright
US	"Doesn't show quite the rich complexity of Sequana's single-vineyard Pinots, but a fine wine nonetheless. Dry, tannic and crisp in acidity, it has berry, currant and spice flavors with a nice earthiness."		88	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Sequana 2009 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sequana
Italy	"This vintage of Tenuta di Trinoro's renowned super Tuscan (mostly Merlot with some Cab Franc, Petit Verdot and Canernet Sauvignon) is a tad too ripe and mature to score higher. Bold notes of strawberry and blackberry preserves rob the wine of some of its inherent elegance and add a chewy, sticky element to its mouthfeel. Otherwise, you'll get bold tones of tobacco, leather and spice."		89	120	Tuscany	Toscana				Tenuta di Trinoro 2004 Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta di Trinoro
Italy	"Delicate aromas of red cherry and forest floor lead the way on this straightforward red. With a blend of 80% Sangiovese, 20% Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, the easygoing palate offers red raspberry and clove alongside bright acidity."	Rosso	87	20	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Altesino 2014 Rosso Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Altesino
US	"Good price for a Sauvignon Blanc this nice to pair with food. It's basically dry, although you'll find a honeyed richness around the lemon, lime and green apple flavors, as well as plenty of savory acidity that gets those tastebuds watering."	Honker Blanc	87	14	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Tudal 2010 Honker Blanc Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tudal
Portugal	"A single-vineyard wine from property owned by the Messias family, this is structured and packed full of tannins. A chocolate and spice character partners with the red fruits and acidity. It is ready to drink."	Quinta do Cachão	87	10	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Messias 2014 Quinta do Cachão Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Messias
Chile	"Slightly sweet and powdery smelling, with simple creaminess to the orange-influenced nose. The palate is solid and plump, with basic citrus flavors that shouldn't steer you wrong. Nice feel and a good but regular finish seal the deal."	Puerto Viejo Reserve	85	10	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Requingua 2008 Puerto Viejo Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Viña Requingua
Italy	"Buttery and richly oaked, with some apple and pear flavors underneath, this wine is okay—if you're okay with oaky wines. Finishes with a torrent of vanilla flavors."		85	17	Veneto	Colli di Conegliano		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Astoria 2000 White (Colli di Conegliano)	White Blend	Astoria
Italy	"This charming wine has a bright character, showing notes of juicy wild cherry, mint and eucalyptus and accents of leather and truffle. Drink now or wait a few years for tannins to tame down."		91	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bibbiano 2011  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Bibbiano
Italy	"This edition of Pietrabianca (a creamy Chardonnay from Puglia in southern Italy) shows nice integration between its fruit and oak elements. Both parties play a leading role in creating a rich, soft white wine with lingering tones of apricot and toasted almond."	Pietrabianca	88	21	Southern Italy	Castel del Monte				Tormaresca 2009 Pietrabianca Chardonnay (Castel del Monte)	Chardonnay	Tormaresca
Italy	"Enticing scents of iris, perfumed berry and baking spice float out of the glass. The elegant, full-bodied palate offers tart cherry, raspberry compote, clove and grilled sage alongside tightly wound tannins and fresh acidity. A licorice note accents the finish. Drink 2020–2028."	Gramolere	93	68	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fratelli Alessandria 2012 Gramolere  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Fratelli Alessandria
US	"Lovely aromatics shine in this low-alcohol, dry Riesling. Tangerine, lemon, apple and a hint of honey are in play. It's light, fresh and quite tart, yet the flavors show good concentration and length. Orange flesh and peel are in the forefront, with streaks of Meyer lemon and pineapple."	Estate Grown	88	15	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Girardet 2013 Estate Grown Riesling (Umpqua Valley)	Riesling	Girardet
Australia	"Modest cherry and strawberry notes appear on the nose and the palate, with some slightly herbal flavors as well. It's light in body, with soft acids and a relatively quick finish."	Circle Collection	84	10	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Jindalee 2007 Circle Collection Rosé (South Eastern Australia)	Rosé	Jindalee
New Zealand	"The blended wine from Two Paddocks is a crowd-pleaser in 2015, offering medium body, silky tannins and enjoyable notes of baking spices and red cherries. It's a fine introduction to the brand and the region, delicious now, yet capable of aging through at least 2020."	Estate Vineyards	90	54	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Two Paddocks 2015 Estate Vineyards Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Two Paddocks
Portugal	"This attractive, fruity wine comes from vineyards in the Douro Superior region close to Spain. It is a fresh wine with red berry fruit flavors and bright acidity. It is still young although the fruitiness is enough to give a bright wine that is ready to drink now."	Castello d'Alba	86	11	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rui Roboredo Madeira 2014 Castello d'Alba Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Rui Roboredo Madeira
Portugal	"Ripe fruit, good, even high acidity, a touch of wood: everything is here, except for the nagging edge of rusticity that often pervades the Carmo estate wine. It needs more polish."		86	26	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Carmo 2004 Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Carmo
US	"Winemaker Steve Law hails from Scotland and honors his heritage with a nod to his “thirsty neighbors,” who will only gain further thirst after enjoying this Syrah. Pure to Law's cool-climate winemaking sensibilities, this offers a leathery tribute to peppery spice and bright fruit."	Drouthy Neebors	93	35	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	MacLaren 2011 Drouthy Neebors Syrah (Sonoma County)	Syrah	MacLaren
US	"The aromas of char, sawdust and vanilla seem to clash with the notes of herbs, leather and cedar. The fruit flavors are lighter in style with the oak (50% new French along with third-fill American) taking over the show."		86	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gordon Brothers 2009 Tempranillo (Columbia Valley (WA))	Tempranillo	Gordon Brothers
Portugal	"This wine combines freshness and structure. It's full of acidity and bright berry fruits. At the same time, the solid structure gives the wine balance and a fine future. Wood aging offers further support to the fruitiness of this ageworthy wine. Drink from 2017."	Andreza Reserva	88	18	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2012 Andreza Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
Spain	"Raspberry, plum and schisty mineral notes make for an easy-to-process bouquet. This feels flush and fruity but not overly exact or distinct. Raspberry, red plum and a mineral note are the key flavors. The wine finishes peppery, dry and focused."	Predicat	88	20	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cellers Grifoll Declara 2011 Predicat Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Cellers Grifoll Declara
Italy	"This opens with aromas of black currant, crushed violet, resin and a whiff of baking spice. Since it lacks the hefty structure of most Amarones it's more easygoing, offering red cherry, mint and a hint of tobacco alongside fine-grained tannins."	Capitel de' Roari	87	40	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Luigi Righetti 2012 Capitel de' Roari  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Luigi Righetti
US	"Part stainless-steel fermented, part neutral French oak-fermented, this light, refreshingly upfront wine offers bristling acidity around shocks of grapefruit, lemon and lime, settling into itself as it goes. The oak is well integrated and nicely subtle, allowing the fruit and minerality to speak."	Grist Vineyard	91	20	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Alysian 2014 Grist Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Alysian
US	"A Bordeaux-style blend with Cabernet Sauvignon (49%) taking the lead, this wine opens with aromas of sugared plum, mesquite and herbs. It's soft in feel with a smoky finish."	Majestic	85	17	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Diversion 2012 Majestic Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Diversion
US	"Floral and fragrant, this lovely lighthearted sparkling wine is sublime and lemony in texture, with a bushy frothy mousse. Green apple shines brightest, with additional accents of strawberry and peach that punctuate the palate."	Blanc de Noirs Brut	90	38	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Belden Barns NV Blanc de Noirs Brut Sparkling (Sonoma Mountain)	Sparkling Blend	Belden Barns
Portugal	"This is a finely structured wine, rich with a blend that includes Touriga Nacional and Aragonez. Layers of tannins sustain the ripe black fruits and generous texture. The aftertaste shows the wine's fine acidity as well as its touches of wood aging. Drink now."	Quinta das Cerejeiras Reserva	91	30	Obidos			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Sanguinhal 2011 Quinta das Cerejeiras Reserva Red (Obidos)	Portuguese Red	Sanguinhal
France	"Ripe, creamy wine with a good toast element. It is smooth, elegant, the flavors showing almonds, vanilla, baked apple and pear enlivened by fresh acidity. Attractive, ready to drink."	Buissonnier Montagny	87	23	Burgundy	Montagny		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons de Buxy 2008 Buissonnier Montagny  (Montagny)	Chardonnay	Vignerons de Buxy
US	"Despite the silly name, this is a seriously good Chardonnay. It shows ripe tropical fruit, lemon, lime and apricot flavors, balanced with crisp acidity and a stony minerality that suggests a tang of the earth. Drink now, not too cold."	Blondie Gone Wild Red Hen Vineyard	91	32	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Ideology Cellars 2011 Blondie Gone Wild Red Hen Vineyard Chardonnay (Oak Knoll District)	Chardonnay	Ideology Cellars
France	"A blend dominated by Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay produces a crisp, herbal wine that has the background of a more creamy texture. From 20-year-old vines planted on granite soil, it has a tight, mineral edge as well as concentrated apple, citrus and fresh melon fruits. Drink now."	La Fruitière Vignes Blanches	88	15	Loire Valley	Val de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lieubeau 2015 La Fruitière Vignes Blanches White (Val de Loire)	White Blend	Lieubeau
US	"This was aged in used French barrels for several months, just enough to give it a rich edge of soft butter and honey. The basic fruit flavors are pure, ripe and delicious, with suggesting notes of tangerine and mango, brightened by a vibrant thread of lime juice."	Sebella	91	36	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Hanzell 2012 Sebella Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Hanzell
US	"Aromas of cigar box, herb and cherry are followed by bright tart acid-driven cranberry flavors. The tannins bring a light astringency but it delivers a lot of enjoyment."	Chandler Reach Vineyard	89	29	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Camaraderie 2014 Chandler Reach Vineyard Sangiovese (Yakima Valley)	Sangiovese	Camaraderie
Spain	"Straightforward red-fruit aromas suggest cherry and plum. Rubbery, pinching tannins are the adhesive for this punchy young Rioja that tastes of raspberry and cherry and finishes steady."		86	13	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Campellares 2014  Rioja	Tempranillo	Campellares
Chile	"The price on this wine is laughable, but the quality is excellent. Earthy aromas of lead pencil, baked plum, cassis and black cherry include chocolate and minerality. The palate is rich, jammy and a touch stewy, with herbal blackberry, cassis, chocoalte and coffee flavors. Even more chocolate and licorice rise up on the long finish. Put this away until 2015, then drink through 2024."	Viñedo Chadwick	92	400	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2010 Viñedo Chadwick Red (Maipo Valley)	Red Blend	Errazuriz
US	"This soft red wine discloses pomegranate fruit and a liberal amount of Mediterranean herbs. It's light and easy-sipping, and should be consumed while young."	Squall Line	85	32	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Convergence Zone 2011 Squall Line Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Convergence Zone
US	"A bit thin and acidic, but charming for its dryness and firm tannins, which call for rich, marbled beef. The pepper-inspired blackberry and cassis flavors are fine. Not an ager, but will benefit from a few hours of decanting."	York Creek	87	30	California	California	California Other			Ridge 2008 York Creek Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Ridge
US	"Perfumed aromas offer notes of white flowers, mineral and pink grapefruit. The flavors are dry and elegantly styled with a lingering finish. It will drink well at the dinner table."	Aunt Diane's Vineyard	88	16	Washington	Columbia Gorge (WA)	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dowsett Family 2014 Aunt Diane's Vineyard Riesling (Columbia Gorge (WA))	Riesling	Dowsett Family
Australia	"Though it starts with a burst of tropical yellow fruit and its accompanying sweetness, this is still a dry wine, with a strong mineral-and-citrus backbone. Finishes with more tropical fruit and some white pepper. Try it with Asian cuisine—this plus a ginger-based sauce makes for a good match."		88	24	South Australia	Clare Valley				Tower Estate 2002 Riesling (Clare Valley)	Riesling	Tower Estate
Italy	"A blend of 80% Corvina, 10% Rondinella and 10% Oseleta, this elegantly structured wine has a fragrance of black-skinned berry, cinnamon and underbrush. The earthy palate delivers ripe black plum, blackberry jam, cocoa and a hint of truffle while velvety tannins lend finesse. Enjoy through 2022."	Rosso Campofiorin Oro	90	23	Veneto	Veronese		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Masi 2013 Rosso Campofiorin Oro Red (Veronese)	Red Blend	Masi
US	"This is an ambitious, Super Tuscan-esque blend of 60% Sangiovese, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon 10% and Petit Verdot. It shows woody cedar, violet flowers and dense purple fruit on the nose. Tongue-tingling acidity enlivens the palate, which offers good tension between blackberry juice and tarry grip."	Gemellaia	89	45	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Giornata 2012 Gemellaia Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Giornata
Italy	"Made with organically grown grapes, this opens with aromas of white flower, citrus and tropical fruit. The juicy palate doles out nectarine, exotic fruit, dried apricot and a hint of vanilla alongside racy acidity."	Rina Ianca	87	15	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Feudo di Santa Tresa 2013 Rina Ianca White (Terre Siciliane)	White Blend	Feudo di Santa Tresa
France	Tradition indeed with the traditional skittle bottle. The wine inside is structured with concentration as well as plenty of fruity acidity. It is crisp with red-currant flavors and a bright aftertaste.	Tradition	86	16	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saint-Pierre 2015 Tradition Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Saint-Pierre
US	"Wichmann is the smallest of the estate vineyards and holds the oldest vines. That old-vine intensity rings true here, in a low-alcohol wine with splendid aromatics. Musk, chocolate, almond candy and caramel swirls around black raspberry and black cherry fruit. The depth of flavor is striking."	Wichmann Dundee Estate	94	49	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2013 Wichmann Dundee Estate Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Trisaetum
Argentina	"Aromas of balsam wood, dry spice, berries and vanilla are attractive and inviting. It feels lush and deep, with good layering and robust flavors of berry fruit, spice, herb and tobacco. Flush and slightly herbal tasting on the back end, this is a complex, quality blend of Malbec, Cabernet, Merlot and Syrah."	Guarda	90	29	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lagarde 2010 Guarda Red (Luján de Cuyo)	Red Blend	Lagarde
US	"Roth's virgin berry Riesling, made from tiny seedless grapes, typically exhibits an intensity of flavor distinct from its standard-labeled bottling. This vintage suggests a deeply mineral-intense expression with concentrated lime and tart tangerine flavors layered in dusty minerals and earth tones. It's zippy and light in body but finishes with piercing lemon-lime intensity."	Virgin Berry Dry	90	32	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		The Grapes of Roth 2015 Virgin Berry Dry Riesling (North Fork of Long Island)	Riesling	The Grapes of Roth
US	"Lots of zesty, mouthwatering acidity in this Chardonnay. The pineapple, crème brûlée, buttered toast and vanilla flavors are so rich that they require balance, which the zippy acidity provides. Maybe a touch too oaky, but that's a matter of personal preference."	No. 81 Sonoma Collection	89	30	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			JCB 2010 No. 81 Sonoma Collection Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	JCB
US	"Dark, earthy aromas of soy or fruitcake pick up cherry flavors on the palate. While it's supple and mature, it's also the most alive of the three wines from the '80s, showing a lively, fresh finish."	Cherryblock	89	170	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Sebastiani 1987 Cherryblock Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sebastiani
US	"Soft and dull, but dry, with thin cherry and herb flavors."		82	11	California	California	California Other			McManis 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	McManis
US	"Strawberry and red currant complement deeper, more savory aspects of cedar and gun smoke in this thick, full-bodied and concentrated reserve-level wine, accented in bitter, black tea."	Reserve	88	60	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kunde 2012 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kunde
US	"Soft and rich, this Chardonnay shows intricately layered flavors of buttered toast, grilled peaches, orange jam, honeysuckle flowers and cinnamon. An opulent wine to drink now."	Red Hen Ranch	90	35	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Laird 2008 Red Hen Ranch Chardonnay (Oak Knoll District)	Chardonnay	Laird
New Zealand	"This wine is crisp, medium bodied and surprisingly firm for an inexpensive Merlot. Drink this wine over the next year or two for its potent cassis and black cherry fruit. Some rare beef will help show the wine to best effect."		86	15	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Oyster Bay 2011 Merlot (Hawke's Bay)	Merlot	Oyster Bay
France	"A small, acre-sized parcel gives a wine that has both great structure and finesse. It retains the natural fruitiness of the vintage as well as a more defined texture. Concentration and densely ripe fruit are already finely integrated with the hints of wood. The wine speaks of long aging potential; don't drink before 2019."		95	300	Burgundy	Chambertin Clos de Bèze		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2011  Chambertin Clos de Bèze	Pinot Noir	Chanson Père et Fils
France	"This fresh and juicy wine is marked by berry fruits and acidity. It's bright and crisp in character, while also having weight and richness. With its soft tannins, it is ready to drink now."		85	25	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Hyot 2011  Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Hyot
US	"A yellowish salmon in color, this wine shows hints of watermelon, bubble gum and cotton candy in the light and pleasantly uncomplicated nose. There is great energy on the palate, with more focus on a steely, metallic texture rather than ripe flavors, proving fresh, bright and quick on the sip."	Blair Vineyard Rosé of	88	23	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Waxwing 2014 Blair Vineyard Rosé of Pinot Noir (Arroyo Seco)	Pinot Noir	Waxwing
US	"From a vineyard planted in rocky red soil, this wine shows a depth of concentrated and intense cranberry and black tea. It's currently youthful in feel, with structured tannins and full, rich chocolate and coffee flavors. It will benefit from time in the cellar, so enjoy 2020–2024."	Baranoff Vineyard Estate Grown	93	82	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Small Vines 2014 Baranoff Vineyard Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Small Vines
US	"The power and richness of Port fill this extreme—and extremely delicious—Zinfandel. It is very deep in color and vivid in aroma, like the scent of ripe grapes at the crusher on harvest day. It fills the mouth with apparent sweetness that lingers long on the finish. Perfect match for after dinner with blue cheese and toasted walnuts, or a cigar."	Signature	93	28	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Deaver 2010 Signature Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Deaver
Italy	"Aromas of toast, milk chocolate and black-skinned fruit lead the way. The soft, low-acid palate doles out crushed plum, fleshy cherry and mocha alongside drying, angular tannins that create an abrupt finish."	Riserva	86	18	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Viticoltori Senesi Aretini 2009 Riserva  (Chianti)	Sangiovese	Viticoltori Senesi Aretini
France	"This is a rich, perfumed wine, with spice from new wood, a rich texture and dense red berry fruit. Its structure and concentration suggest it will age further, so wait until late 2018 to drink."		89	20	France Other	Corse		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vico 2015 Red (Corse)	Red Blend	Domaine Vico
US	"Hobo's Zins are almost always among the most balanced and elegant out there, while preserving the variety's spicy, briary personality. This lovely single-vineyard bottling is dry and refined, showing complex flavors of blackberries, cherries, raspberries, blueberries and spices. Drink now."	Treborce Vineyard	92	30	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Hobo 2008 Treborce Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Hobo
France	"Fresh and very crisp, this is a distinctive, fragrant wine. It has concentration, tight acidity, with apples and minerality. At the end, the wine is more floral, open and ripe. Drink after 2016."	Vieilles Vignes	88	17	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Marc Bernhard 2011 Vieilles Vignes Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Jean-Marc Bernhard
US	"This wine shows roasted beef with blackberry crust, fresh-cracked black pepper and tarry asphalt on the nose. The asphalt and charred meat play strongly on the heavy-duty palate that also offers blackberry balsamic reduction. It's brawny and burly, perhaps too much so for the everyday drinker."	All-In Sawyer Lindquist Vineyard	90	60	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	No Limit 2010 All-In Sawyer Lindquist Vineyard Syrah (Edna Valley)	Syrah	No Limit
Chile	"Funky rubbery aromas include a note of compost. This feels grabby, with citric acidity. Briny salty slightly vegetal flavors leave you asking, “Where's the fruit?”"	Reserva Carmenere	83	13	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Apaltagua 2016 Reserva Carmenere Rosé (Maule Valley)	Rosé	Apaltagua
Spain	"The immediate impression is that this wine is heavy, ripe and oaky. Sawdust and wood grain are the lead aromas. In the mouth, this chunky Priorat is hard, with grating tannins. Hickory and toasted berry flavors finish hot and resiny."		89	95	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vall Llach 2009 Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Vall Llach
Spain	"Recommended with caution. The sample this note is based on was weighty and smooth, with apple and floral notes and then an almosty buttery palate with baked apple and citrus flavors. Oddly, it's a soft, ripe wine that's fading and not showing much Sauvignon Blanc typicity."		85	10	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Spanish Vines 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (La Mancha)	Sauvignon Blanc	Spanish Vines
US	"The herbal Boulder Bluff bottling remains rather stubbornly closed, even after being open for several hours. It's tart with fruit flavors of cranberry and green apple."	Boulder Bluff Vineyard	88	68	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Adelsheim 2011 Boulder Bluff Vineyard Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Adelsheim
US	"A tongue-scraping, bone-dry style reminiscent of an Australian Riesling, this aromatic, juicy and lightly effervescent wine tastes of citrus fruits and skins, along with hints of grapefruit and cucumber. There's plenty of acidity to cut through rich sauces."		88	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Penner-Ash 2008 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Penner-Ash
France	"This medium- to full-bodied wine is smooth in texture, not overly firm or tannic. Floral and peppery notes accent cassis-tinged fruit, which finishes in a flourish of supple tannins. Drink now–2022."		89	96	Rhône Valley	Côte Rôtie		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Tardieu-Laurent 2013  Côte Rôtie	Syrah	Tardieu-Laurent
Italy	"Rose, violet and vanilla aromas lead the nose on this straightforward Nebbiolo. The friendly palate doles out crushed black cherry accented with milk chocolate. It's round and ready so enjoy now."		87	18	Piedmont	Nebbiolo d'Alba		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rocca Felice 2012  Nebbiolo d'Alba	Nebbiolo	Rocca Felice
US	"Light and delicate, it attracts more for its stylish finesse than for any power or ageability. Berry and earth flavors are framed in modest tannins and soft acids, and there's some bitterness from the middle palate through the finish."		84	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Barefoot Cellars 1999 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Barefoot Cellars
Portugal	"For a Syrah, this is soft, offering more of the smooth tannins than any bigger structure. It does have weight, with a dusty character and some juicy sweet plums and raisins, leavened by acidity."	Senses	87	13	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Adega Cooperativa de Borba 2009 Senses Syrah (Alentejano)	Syrah	Adega Cooperativa de Borba
US	"The nose on this feather-light wine is enticingly perfumed, wafting of pristine white blossoms and peach. The palate, while a touch sweet, shows more earth and mineral than fruit, finishing on a slightly dark, brambly tone."	Semi-Dry	85	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Agness 2015 Semi-Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Agness
Italy	"This is readily approachable, offering simple aromas of red fruit. Lean and unpretentious on all fronts. With 10% Merlot."	Villa Puccini	84	11	Tuscany	Toscana				Villa Puccini 2004 Villa Puccini Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Villa Puccini
US	"There's weightiness to this big, bold, flavorful wine that exhibits concentrated berry and cherry cola that persist in a full-bodied way. Accents of minty earth and floral aromatics provide a hint of herb and lightness."		88	60	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Della 2014 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Della
Portugal	"The latest release from Vallado is a value wine named after a four-leaf clover found on the estate. Soft and spicy, it is full of berry flavors, with just a hint of Douro power. This 2010 is ready to drink for its fruit and its structure."	Quadrifolia	87	15	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Vallado 2010 Quadrifolia Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Vallado
Austria	"Ripe and appetizing red cherry and juicy raspberry flavors make for an inviting nose. The palate is soft and pliable, juicy and fresh, tingling with peppery spice. The body is slender and fluid but the ripeness of the vintage is palpable, coming across as alcoholic warmth. The flavors are juicy and the finish has uplifting freshness."	Lage Viereck	90	73	Thermenregion			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Gebeshuber 2015 Lage Viereck Pinot Noir (Thermenregion)	Pinot Noir	Gebeshuber
France	"This impressive offering is drawn from the cooperative's own domaine. It's full bodied and firm, with a chewy finish that demands cellaring, but the complex aromas and flavors of cedar, cassis, roasted meat, licorice and cracked peppercorns are compelling even now."	Gambert de Loche	94	140	Rhône Valley	Hermitage		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cave de Tain 2010 Gambert de Loche  (Hermitage)	Syrah	Cave de Tain
US	"Fermented in stainless steel, then aged in a mix of neutral oak and stainless steel barrels, this single-vineyard, 100% varietal Sauvignon Blanc is racy and bone dry, a true Loire Valley style. Classic varietal flavors of gooseberry, lemon/lime and slate, with a bit of spritz to liven it up."		90	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	SuLei 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	SuLei
Italy	"This lovely sparkling wine is made entirely from Chardonnay. It offers white peach, citrus and almond notes, a creamy texture, crisp acidity and a bone-dry finish."	Numerozero Dosaggio Zero	90	29	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Crespia NV Numerozero Dosaggio Zero Chardonnay (Franciacorta)	Chardonnay	Villa Crespia
US	"A lovely Cabernet, dry and dustily tannic, with a complex array of flavors. The black cherries and cola are accompanied by firm mineral and earthy notes that make this strikingly different from your typical fruit-forward Cabernet, but then, the alcohol is a modest 13.7% by volume. All indications are of ageability. Could age at least eight years in the cellar."		92	75	California	Rutherford	Napa			Frog's Leap 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frog's Leap
US	"Rich and full bodied, despite the relatively low alcohol, this supertart and luscious Riesling is loaded with sour candy flavors of lemon and lime. Quite refreshing, pure and dry."	Lawrence Vineyards	89	17	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gård 2011 Lawrence Vineyards Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Gård
New Zealand	"This is a big, slightly rustic Pinot that marches to a decidedly unfruity beat. Coffee and mushroom aromas set the stage, then add cola and earth notes on the palate. Finishes long, but with some rough edges; give it 2–3 years in the cellar."		89	43	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Carrick 2006 Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Carrick
Italy	Here's a Brunello that plays on the variety's subtle and refined notes of forest berry and boysenberry rather than ripe cherry; almonds or roasted chestnuts rather than obvious wood. It's a beautiful product with understated power and intensity that lets its elegant nature shine bright.	Riserva	92	80	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino				Fattoria dei Barbi 2001 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Fattoria dei Barbi
France	"With its fine tannic structure, plum juice sweetness and beautifully ripe fruits, this is a wine that combines structure with a rich velvet coat. The acidity gives a fine lift, bringing out strawberries and a final piercing freshness."	Les Amoureuses Premier Cru	94	280	Burgundy	Chambolle-Musigny		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2008 Les Amoureuses Premier Cru  (Chambolle-Musigny)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Drouhin
France	"The tannins are still dominant in this wine. The fruit seems light and crisp while never likely to leave the tannins behind. The acidity shines through more strongly, giving attractive final freshness."		85	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Costis 2012  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Costis
Australia	"This is an easy-drinking style, attractive in aromas of peach, pineapple, pressed yellow flowers, and butter that flow right into a light- to medium-weighted palate. A slightly chalky texture with more tropical fruit flavors carry to a spicy, vegetal finish. Drink now."		89	14	South Australia	Adelaide Hills				Shoofly 2015 Chardonnay (Adelaide Hills)	Chardonnay	Shoofly
Argentina	"Charred, smoky, herbal aromas of blackberry trend in the direction of exotic before showing barrel-driven scents of vanilla and clove. This exhibits plenty of depth and sponginess along with toasty, herbal flavors of plum and blackberry. Pepper, burnt toast, clove and blueberry flavors carry the finish on this hefty Malbec; drink through 2021."	Gran Reserva by Richard Bonvin	90	60	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mendoza Vineyards 2012 Gran Reserva by Richard Bonvin Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Mendoza Vineyards
US	"Crisp acids and finely ground tannins give this young Cab great structure, making it feel balanced and elegant. It's also a very ripe wine, showing lush blackberry, cassis and cherry flavors. The wine is big enough to easily support its significant amount of flashy new oak. Drink now through 2010."		90	40	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Clos La Chance 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Clos La Chance
Cyprus	"Vanilla, cherry and violet on the nose lead into flavors of black fruit, spices and pepper in this balanced, crisp red. Complex but refreshing, with a food-friendly character. Pair with lamb, cheeses."	Agios Onoufrios	87	18	Kathikas			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Kathikac 2007 Agios Onoufrios Red (Kathikas)	Red Blend	Kathikac
Italy	"Fragrant blue flower, ripe berry, scorched earth and a whiff of new leather unfold in the glass. The big, chewy palate offers juicy black cherry, ground pepper, clove, star anise and a hint of game framed in youthfully austere, teeth coating tannins. Drink after 2021."		92	70	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Polino 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	San Polino
US	"Skiers will appreciate the nom de vin, a reference to the steepness of the vineyard. Firm and concentrated, this mixes ripe cherries and red plums, baking spices and a streak of minerality. It's a big, chunky, flavorful wine that rides on through a luscious finish."	Triple Black Slopes	91	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	WillaKenzie Estate 2013 Triple Black Slopes Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	WillaKenzie Estate
Argentina	"Stewy, earthy berry aromas are mulchy and lack freshness. This has a cooked and rubbery mouthfeel to go with stalky, savory berry and plum flavors. A green, leathery character shows on the finish."	La Madras Vineyard	82	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ricardo Santos 2016 La Madras Vineyard Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Ricardo Santos
US	"This begins like an aged Merlot, soft in cinnamon spice aromas, then it delves into the supple dark-plum flavors of a younger-drinking Merlot."	Estate	87	24	California	Santa Clara Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jason-Stephens 2007 Estate Merlot (Santa Clara Valley)	Merlot	Jason-Stephens
US	"This is the most attractive and successful of the winery's three releases of 2007 Pinot Noir. It's dry and crisp in acidity and very rich, with oak-inspired waves of cherries, cola, mushu plum sauce and smoky sandalwood. Drink this elegant wine in the next year or two."		90	35	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Domaine Carneros 2007 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Carneros
US	"Woodenhead does Pinot Noir well, too, but here it shows its skill with Zinfandel, producing a structured, peppery and leathery version bright in briary blackberry and plum. With fierce minerality at its core, this is a distinctive Zin for those who prefer their wines savory and earthy."	Guido Venturi Vineyard	89	34	California	Mendocino County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Woodenhead 2009 Guido Venturi Vineyard Zinfandel (Mendocino County)	Zinfandel	Woodenhead
Germany	"Musky, spicy and reasonably complex on the nose, this recent entrant into the ranks of realistically priced Riesling is a bit chunky in the mouth, but offers satisfying apple, melon and citrus flavors."		85	14	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Redbreast 2010 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Redbreast
Italy	There's a spicy element of clove or cinnamon (25% of the wine is aged in oak) that is followed by stone fruit and bitter almond. Tonic effervescence and crisp acidity would help pair this wine with quiche.	Brut	87	20	Lombardy	Franciacorta				Cà del Vént NV Brut Chardonnay (Franciacorta)	Chardonnay	Cà del Vént
US	"Understated on the nose, with hints of fresh strawberries and raspberries, this bone-dry rosé is quite penetrating on the palate, with a deep red-fruit flavor and a vein of crushed-stone minerality."	Pinot Dry	88	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Ravines 2011 Pinot Dry Rosé (Finger Lakes)	Rosé	Ravines
France	"This is rich, full-bodied Chardonnay, rounded out with peaches and spiced apricots. The wood is evident here, giving an extra softness as well as bringing out rich honey. A wine that opens beautifully in the mouth, ready to drink but also ageworthy."	Montée de Tonnerre Premier Cru	92	35	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	La Chablisienne 2006 Montée de Tonnerre Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	La Chablisienne
US	"Lavish black-cherry candy and concentrated rose-petal aromas combine with candied-licorice notes on the lush nose of this bottling. There's a Concord grape ripeness to the slightly sweet sip, with a touch of woody spice, framed by chalky tannins."	Murphy's Choice	88	50	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Clos LaChance 2014 Murphy's Choice Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Clos LaChance
France	"This wine reflects a fruity, young and fresh style. It's packed with bright red fruits; a soft texture hints at minerality and great acidity. It's made to be drunk young, without any wood aging, so drink now and until 2017."	Chevalier Famaey	86	12	Southwest France	Côtes du Lot		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Famaey 2014 Chevalier Famaey Malbec (Côtes du Lot)	Malbec	Château Famaey
France	"In the classic Provence skittle bottle, this is a soft, red-fruited wine. Fruity and crisp, it is refreshing and immediately appealing."	Manon	85	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Ravoire et Fils 2015 Manon Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Ravoire et Fils
US	"This is a solid Chardonnay for a great price. It has full body and an oaky, buttery personality that will make few enemies. It's richly textured, with an almost-sweet quality to its fruit."		87	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dark Horse 2014 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Dark Horse
France	"This dark purple wine expresses the bold blackberry flavors of Malbec. It has ripe fruit, soft tannins and a generous richness. The aftertaste adds some freshness. Drink from the end of 2016."	Albatros	85	12	Southwest France	Côtes du Lot		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pelvillain Frères 2014 Albatros Malbec (Côtes du Lot)	Malbec	Pelvillain Frères
US	"A blend of fruit from Sea Shell and Shoemaker vineyards on Paso's Eastside, this blends black cherry aromas with pungent cigar box and toasted sage. It's lively on the palate, with acidic flare and a nice tannic structure. The red fruit and dark spice flavors culminate in an uplifting, anise-flecked finish."	The Jetty	88	21	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pali 2012 The Jetty Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Pali
US	"Pretty soft, in the manner of Paso Robles, and a little overripe, with a raisiny taste. But it's nice and dry and smooth in tannins, with rich blackberry fruit."		85	13	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Castoro Cellars 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castoro Cellars
Italy	"This expression of Magliocco and Gaglioppo (two native grapes of Calabria) is less opulent and rich than SerraMonte but shows more elegance and harmony overall. You still get mature fruit aromas of raisins and prunes but the mouthfeel is bright, thick and delicious. From Giampaolo Venica and his Calabrian venure, Balbia is an ancient name given to this part of the world by the Romans."	Balbium	88	25	Southern Italy	Calabria				Terre di Balbia 2006 Balbium Red (Calabria)	Red Blend	Terre di Balbia
US	"This Syrah is easy to drink with barbecue, beef, lamb stew or other robust dishes. It's dry and savory, with black pepper, blackberry, currant and jerky flavors."		85	18	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast			Three Saints 2009 Syrah (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Syrah	Three Saints
US	"Mainly Cabernet, it shows the variety's hard tannins and and black currant and dark chocolate flavors, but 21% Cabernet Franc adds easier notes of sweet cherry jam. Still, it's pretty tannic, and suggests aging until 2021–2022."	Exposure	92	90	California	Oakville	Napa			Oakville East 2010 Exposure Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Oakville East
France	"This crisp, dry rosé is very fresh with delicious acidity. It has a bright character, lively and full of raspberry flavors. Drink now."	Vinum	85	20	Southwest France	Fronton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Colombière 2014 Vinum Rosé (Fronton)	Rosé	Château la Colombière
US	"Strong cedar notes greet the nose alongside charred red bell pepper, crushed gravel and elderberry fruit. Pencil shavings are prominent on the very full and complex palate, giving nuance to black plums, roasted beef, charcoal and dark chocolate."	JD Hurley	91	26	California	Santa Clara Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Martin Ranch 2013 JD Hurley Merlot (Santa Clara Valley)	Merlot	Martin Ranch
US	"Easy-drinking and intensely structured, this is marked by streaks of red raspberry fruit that also reveal cedar and herb. Slightly floral on the nose, the wine has a softness despite its size."	Wolff Vineyard	89	85	California	Yountville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Piña 2011 Wolff Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Yountville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Piña
Chile	"Loud, briny raspberry aromas are not shy and come with a note of latex. This is wide and blocky in feel, with heavy, baked flavors of raspberry and stewed plum. Oak spice and mild peppery bitterness on the finish are ponderous."	Reserva	86	15	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casas del Bosque 2013 Reserva Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Casas del Bosque
Italy	"Bright and citrus-driven, this no-fuss wine would pair with grilled shrimp or freshwater fish. The wine is zesty and fresh overall."		86	16	Southern Italy	Lacryma Christi del Vesuvio				Feudi di San Gregorio 2011 White (Lacryma Christi del Vesuvio)	White Blend	Feudi di San Gregorio
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this is a compelling and exciting expression of territory. The Tassinaia hill produces a balanced wine with black fruit and some herbal notes backed by spice, toast and a long satisfying finish."	Tassinaia	92	80	Tuscany	Toscana				Castello del Terriccio 2004 Tassinaia Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castello del Terriccio
US	"Ripe and juicy, here’s a Cab that rises to the occasion, with fine currant, berry and herbal aromas, compounded with spicy oak. Very dry and fancy, it offers plenty of balance and harmony, and tastes soft, rich and complex."	Vintner's Reserve	88	17	California	Calaveras County	Sierra Foothills			Kendall-Jackson 1997 Vintner's Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Calaveras County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kendall-Jackson
Italy	"Bracing and full-bodied, this offers dried sour cherry, raisin and licorice flavors alongside raspy tannins that clench the finish. Give the tannins another few years to unwind then drink up before the remaining fruit disappears."		86	40	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Giuseppe 2013  Amarone della Valpolicella	Red Blend	San Giuseppe
US	"This blend aims at the modern, cult style of ultraripe Bordeaux-style fruit, soft tannins and plenty of oak. It succeeds as far as richness goes. Flashy, but it tires the palate, making it hard to argue for repeated sipping."	Ti Amo	87	86	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Ledson 2009 Ti Amo Red (Alexander Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Ledson
New Zealand	"This wine leans more toward the earthy, savory side of Pinot Noir, yet still boasts enough plum and black cherry fruit to please most consumers. It's medium bodied, with a velvety or suede-like texture and hints of root vegetables, mushrooms, sassafras and cola. Ready to drink."		90	18	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Dashwood 2013 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Dashwood
Spain	"Burnt toast, mineral, raw char, pencil lead, tobacco and blackberry aromas make for a highly complex and powerful nose. Following on that theme, this is packed and intense on the palate, with smoky black fruit and licorice flavors that finish oaky, toasty and blackened. This is the epitome of a modern Rioja thrill ride. It will take its passengers now through 2035; 200 cases made."	Finca El Bosque	94	145	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sierra Cantabria 2011 Finca El Bosque  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Sierra Cantabria
Germany	"A musky perfume accents fresh lemon and tangerine aromas on this off-dry wine. It's ripe and rich on the palate with flavors of quince and yellow peach. Zesty with lime, it finishes moderately long with a hint of savory herbs."	Platinum	87	9	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Peter Mertes 2012 Platinum Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Peter Mertes
US	"Shows the richness of fruit, as well as oak, that has lately characterized this Monterey-grown Chardonnay, with very ripe pineapple and crème brûlée flavors. Feels somewhat obvious, lacking the subtle appeal of the 2007. Drink now."	Estate	88	28	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			McIntyre Vineyards 2008 Estate Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	McIntyre Vineyards
US	"Very little of this reserve was produced in 2011. A blend from five vineyards, it spent 10 months in 43% new oak. Firm and a bit steely, it has tight dark fruits anchored in a streak of earth and iron. Give it a few more years in the bottle, or decant if drinking it soon."	Reserve	89	52	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rex Hill 2011 Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Rex Hill
Argentina	"Graphite, lemon peel, cedar and blackberry aromas are lusty and high in quality. A flashy, fresh, slick mouthfeel is the perfect vessel for toasty, dark blackberry, coconut, vanilla and mocha flavors. The mocha note persists on the finish, which is juicy and fresh but also thick and chewy. Drink through 2018."	Black Tears	93	65	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tapiz 2010 Black Tears Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Tapiz
Argentina	"Fabre Montmayou has excelled in the value department, but this higher-end Patagonian Malbec signals a new benchmark for this French-owned winery. This is dark and inky, with a crusty, blackened essence. Ripe black-fruit flavors come with chocolate, spice and licorice accents that run through a long, generous finish."	H.J. Fabre Barrel Selection	91	23	Other	Patagonia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Fabre Montmayou 2012 H.J. Fabre Barrel Selection Malbec (Patagonia)	Malbec	Fabre Montmayou
Italy	"Round and soft, this wine opens with an intense fragrance of mint, alpine herbs and whiffs of woodland berries. The fresh palate delivers crushed Bing cherry, cinnamon and clove alongside smooth tannins. Drink now–2018."	Riserva	90	35	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Calonica 2010 Riserva  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	La Calonica
US	"This wine is mostly Merlot and Cabernet Franc (42% each) with the balance Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot. It's redolent with aromas of flowers, raspberries, herbs, coffee and barrel spice that lead to tightly wound focused fruit flavors. There's enough tannic heft to reward cellaring."	Ursa	91	43	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Baer 2013 Ursa Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Baer
Australia	"This French-Australian collaboration has turned out a soft, easy-to-drink Merlot with notable complexity. Cassis and black cherry fruit is backed by shadings of cedar and vanilla and eased along by a creamy texture and supple tannins. Without any track record, it's probably prudent to drink this over the next few years."	Whalebone Vineyard	90	70	South Australia	Wrattonbully		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	TapaNappa 2004 Whalebone Vineyard Merlot (Wrattonbully)	Merlot	TapaNappa
Chile	"Perfumed and floral on the nose, but also spicy and slightly foresty, which is apropos for Syrah. Flavors of black olive, brandied cherry and blackberry are perfectly nice, and the feel is mildly creamy and rich but still pointed. Finishes with toasty notes of pepper, brown sugar and woodspice."	Axel	89	20	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Playa 2005 Axel Syrah (Colchagua Valley)	Syrah	La Playa
Portugal	"An intriguing blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Alicante Bouschet has produced a super-densely textured wine. The ripe, smoky character of the wine is layered with ripe black fruits that fill the solid, tannic structure. There is nothing modest about this bold, big wine that is ready to drink."	Inevitável	92	43	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santa Vitória 2013 Inevitável Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santa Vitória
US	"Fresh-squeezed lemon and jalapeño open the bouquet of this wine, kosher-made in Berkeley by Covenant. With the right pairing, it'll sing, offering medium texture and a lengthy finish, the acidity balanced and in keeping with the fresh elements of tropical fruit and citrus."	Allan Nelson Vineyard	88	24	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Red C 2014 Allan Nelson Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Red C
Italy	"This wine's balsamic notes of camphor, oak, toast and crushed mint emerge in the glass while the linear palate offers licorice, sour cherry, cranberry, thyme and tobacco flavors. Close-grained, somewhat astringent tannins lend grip to the finish."	Casot	89	35	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Nada Giuseppe 2014 Casot  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Nada Giuseppe
Italy	"Aromas of leather, game, carob and a nuance of exotic incense come together in the glass. The palate offers dried cherry steeped in spirits, thyme, roasted coffee bean and spice alongside smooth tannins."	Toscoforte	87	22	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Poppiano 2011 Toscoforte Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castello di Poppiano
US	"A good but standard Pinot Noir, dry and silky, with proper varietal cherry, persimmon and cola flavors. The acid-tannin balance is off, with the wine feeling tart and astringent. Drink now."		86	36	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Ancien 2008 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Ancien
US	"A touch of oak adds a sweet, smoky creaminess to this wine, but it's really dominated by Sauvignon Blanc's acidity and racy spearmint and tropical fruit. The alcohol is moderate, making it easy to drink."	Charlotte's Home Estate	87	17	California	Northern Sonoma	Sonoma			Rodney Strong 2012 Charlotte's Home Estate Sauvignon Blanc (Northern Sonoma)	Sauvignon Blanc	Rodney Strong
Italy	"Intense, generous aromas of white flower, passion fruit, citrus blossom and crushed stone comprise the nose. This blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay offers impressive intensity and a long, spicy finish."	Paleo	92	75	Tuscany	Toscana				Le Macchiole 2010 Paleo White (Toscana)	White Blend	Le Macchiole
Chile	"Lime, green bean, asparagus and a blast of punchy sweat greet you on the nose of this zesty, acidic, lean-bodied SB. Limited, tight flavors of lemon, lime and bell pepper finish tart and gritty, with a suggestion of sourness. Tasted two times with somewhat mixed results; this note and score reflects both tastings."	Los Vascos	84	13	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite) 2014 Los Vascos Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite)
US	"From a relatively cool site for the variety, this white shows an abundance of green olive and Meyer lemon. Moderate body and acidity allow for a touch of lemongrass spiciness and black licorice amid the textured mouthfeel and length."	Estate Grown	88	19	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Balletto 2015 Estate Grown Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Balletto
US	"Dense blueberry and black-cherry aromas mix with black pepper, lavender and violets on the nose of this blend of 62% Primitivo, 29% Syrah and 9% Mourvèdre. The palate is a bit reserved, but offers blackberry, pepper, dried fennel, bay leaf and thyme flavors."	Rapid Roy	91	55	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Brian Benson 2013 Rapid Roy Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Brian Benson
US	"This wine is blessed with velvety texture and bombastic ripeness, which leaves its plum and cherry fruit feeling baked and prune-like. The brawny fruit profile is accented with leather, tobacco and black pepper, finishing with a touch of heat."	Hyde Vineyard	87	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mira 2013 Hyde Vineyard Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Mira
Israel	"Violet, blackberry, cassis and blueberry aromas immediately waft from the glass. Rich and ripe, the palate boasts more of the same concentrated fruit in a lush, creamy, crushed-velvet-like texture. Notes of charred espresso bean, vanilla pod and licorice root all unfold on the long finish. Balanced, delicious and affordable."	Appellation	90	20	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Carmel 2009 Appellation Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Carmel
US	"This bottling, an ode to Bill Foley's Texas roots, is reserved on the nose with hints of yellow melon, peach blossom and a kiss of vanilla. The palate is straightforward and very drinkable, with seared brown pear and sea-salt flavors cruising across lemon-pith texture and a chalky grip."	T Anchor Ranch	90	45	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foley 2013 T Anchor Ranch Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Foley
Argentina	"Citric smelling, with clipped aromas of berry fruits. Choppy tannins, heat and raisiny, sweet, cooked berry flavors and stemmy notes finish herbal tasting but full in feel."	Luna Benegas	83	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Benegas 2008 Luna Benegas Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Benegas
US	"This well-built, aromatic wine smells of fresh raspberries. The mouthfeel is soft and smooth, the tannins subtle and the finish kisses you goodbye with a lick of milk chocolate."		88	20	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Acrobat 2014 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Acrobat
Italy	"You'll discover alluring aromas of baked earth, black and red berry, sweet baking spice, crushed flower, vineyard dust and a whiff of leather on this impressive wine. The delicious, powerful palate boasts juicy red cherry, black raspberry, cinnamon, anise and tobacco while firm, fine-grained tannins provide support and lend finesse."	Cerretta	95	95	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Giovanni Rosso 2011 Cerretta  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Giovanni Rosso
US	"Coffee-rubbed red berries and plum pervade on the nose, with a similar character following through to the palate. Ample in weight, with mild tannins, the oak character of this wine dominates from entry to finish."	Quaker Run	85	28	Virginia	Virginia		Alexander Peartree		DuCard 2012 Quaker Run Merlot (Virginia)	Merlot	DuCard
US	"Dry, racy and clean. Shows real class, with plenty of zesty lemon and lime acidity, brightening the citrus, lemongrass, white peach and mineral flavors. Production was 3,500 cases."		91	30	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			La Crema 2009 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	La Crema
US	"A note of sweet, dark earth picks up tones of worn saddle leather and wood-inflected cherry. Medium in body, this possesses a succulent core and chewy tannins."	Estate Grown	87	22	Virginia	Monticello				Pollak 2010 Estate Grown Merlot (Monticello)	Merlot	Pollak
France	"This is a generous wine, full of red-berry fruitiness and acidity with firm tannins. It is almost ready to drink. Wait until 2017."		88	36	Burgundy	Chorey-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jaffelin 2014  Chorey-lès-Beaune	Pinot Noir	Jaffelin
US	"Ripe, opulent blackberry, cherry, butterscotch and vanilla bean flavors mark this soft wine. You can drink it now with everyday fare like beef tacos and cheeseburgers."	California Square	85	23	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Truett Hurst 2012 California Square Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Truett Hurst
US	"With initial weightiness and fullness on the palate, this wine ultimately delivers crisp, cool peach and melon flavors, a lingering lemon zest note adding to its freshness."	Redwood Ranch	90	25	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ousterhout 2016 Redwood Ranch Sauvignon Blanc (Alexander Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Ousterhout
US	"The inaugural release from this winery from Sleight of Hand Cellars' production winemaker Keith Johnson is a blend of Mourvèdre (90%), Syrah (8%) and Grenache Blanc. Stylistically somewhat unique for Washington, it brings brooding aromas of sauvage, herb, smoked meat and white pepper, along with a bit of reduction. The fruit flavors are pure and bring an appealing sense of texture. Give it time to open up and pair it with food to see it at its best."	French Creek Vineyard	90	34	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Devium 2015 French Creek Vineyard Red (Yakima Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Devium
US	"This is a rather light blend of 48% Grenache, 37% Mourvèdre and 13% Syrah, with aromas of fresh-pressed pomegranate, underripe raspberry and strawberry, and an herbal coating of dill and fennel. It's quite quaffable on the sip, with raspberry-juice flavors decorated by dill and fennel herbs."	Dissident	89	34	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Archium 2014 Dissident Red (Santa Barbara County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Archium
France	"This vineyard is at the southern end of Meursault next to Puligny-Montrachet, lending the wine Puligny-like structure and texture and beautiful Meursault-like fruit. Yellow fruit flavors, layers of wood spice and juicy acidity all contribute to this very fine wine. Drink from 2020."	Meursault Charmes Premier Cru	94	103	Burgundy	Meursault		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Jadot 2014 Meursault Charmes Premier Cru  (Meursault)	Chardonnay	Louis Jadot
France	"Made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a full-bodied wine. It has a light tannic character over intense acidity. A caramel underlay cuts down on the freshness and adds some richness. Drink now."	Ballade	84	11	Southwest France	Côtes de Gascogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Ballade 2014 Ballade Rosé (Côtes de Gascogne)	Rosé	Domaine de Ballade
South Africa	"There's a lush, decadent edge to this wine, thanks to heady aromas of vanilla cream, chocolate-covered raspberry and boysenberry preserves. The palate shows more restraint, with textured, fruit-skin flavors of plum and cherry that finish slightly chewy. Enjoy this now."	The Ambassador	88	25	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Beau Joubert 2009 The Ambassador Red (Stellenbosch)	Red Blend	Beau Joubert
US	"Though it lacks the broad, sweet fruit of the 2005 reserve, this is a fine reflection of the vintage. It's compact, tannic, and a bit unyielding, but structured with enough density to age for a few years. Light red fruits are somewhat overwhelmed by grainy, toasty tannins; that should balance out with a little more bottle age."	Reserve	89	27	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2006 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Columbia Crest
US	"A dry, edgy blend of Barbera, Grenache and several other varieties, this is tannic and lacks richness. Pair it with a cheese and pepperoni pizza to coax out the fruit."		82	17	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			The Auctor 2010 Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	The Auctor
US	"A great effort, with mountain-grown fruit, high-altitude acids that give the flavors shape and cut, tightening up and brightening up the sharp, wild berry fruit. Iron filings and stone add a strong mineral element as well; this is the best yet from Dumas Station."	Estate	92	32	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dumas Station 2005 Estate Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Dumas Station
US	"Showing classic Santa Lucia highlights of enormously ripe cherries, Asian spices and acidity, this wine flatters the palate with the sheer force of its fruit and new oak. It's a young, fresh, vibrant wine that's at its best now."	Rosella's Vineyard	90	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Bernardus 2005 Rosella's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"Former longtime Edmeades winemaker Van Williamson is offering the world his take on cool-climate Mendocino Pinot Noir with this and his Cerise Vineyard bottlings. This one is light in color but weighty on the palate with rich, spicy notes of raspberry-vanilla wafers and earth."	Gianoli Vineyard	90	48	California	Mendocino Ridge		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Witching Stick 2011 Gianoli Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mendocino Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Witching Stick
Argentina	"Aromas of raspberry, blackberry, green herbs and tar set up a blocky, jammy, chunky palate. Plum, raspberry, currant, pepper and oaky flavors are grainy and spicy, while a woody finish tastes resiny, chocolaty and toasty."	Cuatro Mil Reserva	89	23	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Budeguer 2011 Cuatro Mil Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Budeguer
US	"Savory aromas of black pepper, teriyaki-glazed steak, charcoal and elderberry jam converge for a compelling nose on this bottling. There is a strong soy richness to the sip, with grilled black plums and alder smoke flavors. It's the perfect barbecue wine."	Steinbeck Vineyard	91	28	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Eberle 2015 Steinbeck Vineyard Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Eberle
US	"A dry, soft wine that depends on richness to get by, at the expense of structure. Raspberries, cherries, mocha, cinnamon and pepper are the flavors of this blend of Grenache, Syrah, Counoise and Mourvèdre."	Cotes de Tablas Rouge	86	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Tablas Creek 2009 Cotes de Tablas Rouge Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Tablas Creek
US	"New French oak, to the tune of 50%, dominates this Chard, giving it buttered toast, vanilla and honey flavors that dominate the underlying pineapples, lemons and limes. The acidity is brisk and vital."	Durell Vineyard	88	50	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Pali 2011 Durell Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Pali
France	"This ripe, yellow-fruit-flavored wine has a smooth, rich texture. Full and flavorsome, it conveys a ripe, nutty character. The wine with its warm fruitiness is ready to drink."		88	15	Burgundy	Mâcon Solutré		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Pascal et Mireille Renaud 2015  Mâcon Solutré	Chardonnay	Domaine Pascal et Mireille Renaud
France	"With its bold aromas of cotton candy and two-cent bubblegum, this is just too tutti-frutti to rate higher. That said, if you like the style, it's a solid, well-made example, filled with bouncy fruit while finishing dry and refreshing."	Domaine des Muretins	85	20	Rhône Valley	Tavel		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Dauvergne & Ranvier 2013 Domaine des Muretins  (Tavel)	Rosé	Dauvergne & Ranvier
Portugal	"This finely structured wine with its intense acidity and tight tannins has a cool, high-altitude feel to it. It's a single vineyard wine from Quinta Terra, fresh and with red currant acidity. The wine can be drunk, although the acidity is such that it will be better to wait until the end of 2016 for it soften."	Terra a Terra Reserva	85	16	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Transmontanas 2012 Terra a Terra Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Caves Transmontanas
US	"Ripe fruit and vibrant acidity combine to make this an easy-drinking wine. It exhibits honey-drizzled lemon, orange and pear flavors, but the acidity saves the day."	Hi Vista Vineyard	85	18	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Tin Barn 2012 Hi Vista Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Carneros)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tin Barn
US	"With this 2008, Taz brings to the table a wonderful Chardonnay at a great price. It's dry and crisply acidic, with bright, perky flavors of oranges, peaches, Meyer lemons and smoky vanilla. Really nice and clean, a lovely wine and a good restaurant by-the-glass selection. Production was 9,000 cases."		90	18	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Taz 2008 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Taz
US	"The first Feral made by new winemaker, Peter Devison, continues a tradition of excellence. Natural yeasts and fermentation in neutral oak, combined with a superb vintage and world class vineyard, equal a gorgeous bottle of wine. Creamy, leesy, textural and deeply imbued with mineral-soaked citrus fruit, flesh and rind, this ultrarefreshing wine is a joy. Notes of cucumber and melon contribute further complexity through the long finish."	Feral Evergreen Vineyard	92	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Efeste 2012 Feral Evergreen Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Efeste
Germany	"Smoke and crushed mineral notes, along with a lean, herbal tone, make this off-dry Riesling especially elegant and savory in style. Lime zest and lemon flavors fill the mouth with vital energy. It finishes moderately long, on a juicy tangerine note."	Essence	89	13	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		S.A. Prüm 2012 Essence Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	S.A. Prüm
US	"From the western edge of Sonoma Valley, this robust, full-figured wine took on considerable power in this vintage. It exhibits elusive fruit before peeling back bittersweet layers of cranberry, orange peel and tea. After fresh rose on the nose, it adds an element of char to the finish."	Wildcat Mountain Vineyard	90	52	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Talisman 2012 Wildcat Mountain Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Talisman
US	"Small amounts of other grapes figure into this majority-Cabernet Sauvignon, including Merlot, Zinfandel and Petite Sirah. It begins with a reduced sensibility that translates into an undeniable aroma and taste of barrel and petrol."		82	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	The Rule 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	The Rule
US	"Lemon tart, with a whisp of almond on the nose, this is a fairly sour white wine, disjointed and unclear. Made from California grapes at a winery in Vermont."		82	18	America			Virginie Boone	@vboone	Honora NV Sauvignon Blanc (America)	Sauvignon Blanc	Honora
US	"Right up there with the rich '08, Elliott's 2009 offers plenty of serious tasting pleasure. It's rich and ripe in raspberries and cherries, with complex notes of mushrooms, cola, herbs and spices. Dry and silky, it's a classy Pinot Noir for drinking over the next several years."	Burgonet	91	44	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			TR Elliott 2009 Burgonet Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	TR Elliott
US	"This two-acre site dates back to 1975; this is only the fourth time that Ponzi has offered it as a designate. Muscular and authoritative, it is still compact and somewhat unyielding. Dark cherry and cassis fruit is packed with iron filings, coffee grounds and black licorice. Winemaker Luisa Ponzi does her usual excellent job of putting the polish on outstanding fruit. Give it another decade and it will show its best."	Abetina Vineyard	93	100	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ponzi 2008 Abetina Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ponzi
US	"A 100% varietal wine with layers of leather and bacon at the core, this full-bodied bottling is otherwise soft and juicy in red and black fruit. Overlaying it all is a smoky quality that overbears at times, but will pair well with the right foods."	Estate Grown	88	53	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Envy 2012 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Envy
US	"This wine continues to be big, with bold fruit and notable oak and lees influence. It's as full bodied as a red wine, with flavors of apricot, orange, buttered toast and yeasty cream flavors. Drink up."	West Rows Sangiacomo Vineyard	88	32	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Signaterra 2010 West Rows Sangiacomo Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Signaterra
Spain	"Mulchy aromas are not uncommon for rosé from Penedès. This feels full, pulpy and citrusy, with fleshy weight. Orange and grapefruit flavors finish quick."	Reserva Rosé	84	14	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Destello NV Reserva Rosé Sparkling (Penedès)	Sparkling Blend	Destello
US	"Made from 75% Syrah with the rest Malbec and a smidgeon of Cabernet Sauvignon, it brings notes of dried cherry, vanilla and barrel spices. The palate is luscious and rich with abundant cherry flavors and barrel accents leading to a cranberry-filled finish."	Honor Barn	90	18	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	RoxyAnn 2011 Honor Barn Red (Rogue Valley)	Red Blend	RoxyAnn
US	"This is easy to like for its clean, brisk mouthfeel, creaminess and slightly sweet flavors of lime and strawberry. Made from Chardonnay and Pinot Noir, it shows real finesse."	Prestige Cuvée Brut	90	29	California	Napa Valley	Napa			V. Sattui 2009 Prestige Cuvée Brut Sparkling (Napa Valley)	Sparkling Blend	V. Sattui
Spain	"Gassy, bready apple aromas are dull and unfocused. This is flat in texture, with a low bubble bead. Flavors of yellow mustard, rhubarb and apple finish briny."	Brut Nature Vintage	82	13	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Torre Oria NV Brut Nature Vintage Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Torre Oria
US	"With only 50 cases made, this offering is completely stainless-steel fermented, providing a wealth of acidity and clarity. From Rued clone vines planted more than 40 years ago, it's twined in white flower and lemon rind, finishing with a slight suggestion of tarte Tatin."	Searby	91	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Charles Heintz 2013 Searby Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Charles Heintz
France	This wine has a herbal character that doesn't mesh with the lightly tannic and tangy structure. The effect is of a wine that comes from grapes that were too green.	Château Larroque	82	14	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	VIgnobles Ducourt 2015 Château Larroque Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	VIgnobles Ducourt
US	"This is a very good Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. It's dry, full-bodied and has an impeccable tannin-acid structure, with complex flavors of blackberries, currants, herbs and sweet oak. Ready to drink now."		88	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Valley Legend 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Valley Legend
New Zealand	"Seems a bit on the woody side for now, boasting aromas of dark roasted coffee backed by hints of plummy fruit. The cedary, coffee-tinged oak continues on the palate, where it imparts a slightly dry, tannic edge to this otherwise supple, rounded wine. Give it a year or two to see if the oak integrates with time."		86	23	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Grove Mill 2007 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Grove Mill
US	"This showy wine has maple syrup aromas, extremely ripe and almost unctuous flavors, lots of spicy oak influence and full body. While it offers a lot of flash, it also has lots of substance underneath. A velvety, grippy texture owes a lot to layered tannins, and a base note of ripe berries carries through the finish."	Earthquake	89	26	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Michael David 2013 Earthquake Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Michael David
US	"Alluring and intense aromas of soot, campfire, charcuterie, black pepper, herb, crushed flowers and liquid stone lead to a broadly rich, intense, flavorful palate, absolutely loaded with fruit and savory flavors that glide on the extended finish."	Sur Echalas Vineyard	94	120	Oregon	Walla Walla Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Horsepower 2014 Sur Echalas Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (OR))	Syrah	Horsepower
US	"Merlot and Sangiovese make up nearly equal parts of this wine, with smaller amounts of Montepulciano, Malbec, Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon. Cola, vanilla and cherry are walled within full-bodied weight and tannin, with a simple structure and finish."	Cuvée 32	86	36	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	La Storia 2014 Cuvée 32 Red (Alexander Valley)	Red Blend	La Storia
US	"The aromas jump out of the glass, with notes of dried orange peel, fresh white flowers, herb, smoked meat, moist earth and potpourri. The palate is plush and lush with abundant fruit and savory flavors, with floral and gravel notes threaded throughout. It's as much about feel as flavor."	Ankleroller Block Stoney Vine Vineyard	92	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Block Wines 2014 Ankleroller Block Stoney Vine Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Block Wines
US	"Sangiovese, Malbec and Merlot take the lead on this blend. Red cherry, plum and red currant aromas are followed by tangy fruit flavors, with the oak seeming dialed back and a lingering finish. Pair it with pizza or a red pasta sauce."	River's	88	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Three Rivers 2013 River's Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Three Rivers
Spain	"Mineral, citrus and dusty aromas are textbook for brut Cava. A round, full palate shows good grip and acidity, while flavors of lemon-lime and nectarine finish with notes of lime and green banana. Nothing about this is overwhelming, but the sum of its parts add up."	Brut	89	18	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castellroig NV Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Castellroig
US	"Winemaker Molly Lyman takes a delicate approach to this 100% varietal estate wine, from a longstanding vineyard in the Chiles Valley. From a block named for a farming family linked to the site, Las Flores is sanguine in cranberry and graphite, food-friendly, with a lightness despite its pronounced plum, cassis and oak."	Las Flores	91	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Volker Eisele Family Estate 2012 Las Flores Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Volker Eisele Family Estate
Argentina	"Ripe earthy berry aromas are supported by more than enough oak and sawdust. Following the nose like a map, this Malbec from San Rafael feels resiny. A mix of toasty spicy oak-based flavors blends well with boysenberry and salty notes, while this finishes full and with a draping of toasty blackened oak."	Particular	90	31	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2013 Particular Malbec	Malbec	Valentin Bianchi
France	"Fruit-forward and simple, this wine's pleasant apple and citrus flavors begin to dull as the carbonation rapidly fades in the glass."	Blanc de Blancs Brut	83	12	France Other	France		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kriter NV Blanc de Blancs Brut Sparkling (France)	Sparkling Blend	Kriter
US	"Dark and juicy, this selection comes out swinging with bold fruit flavors of black cherry, blackberry and black currant. Highlights of oranges, espresso and dark chocolate compound the scents and flavors. It builds into a gorgeous midpalate, that extends gracefully through a lingering finish. Supple and sensuous, it leaves you with a trace of sea salt caramel in the back of the palate."	Block 5	94	66	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Shea 2014 Block 5 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Shea
Spain	Yeasty applesauce aromas precede a full palate that weighs on the heavy and flat side. Obtuse flavors of apple finish solid and chunky but low on acidity and crispness. Overall this is good but slightly lazy on the palate.	Americano	86	16	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mont-Ferrant NV Americano Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Mont-Ferrant
US	"A mad scientist's blend of 32% Syrah, with smaller amounts of Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Petite Sirah and “other,” this wine is rustic, with a thin palate and not much in the way of fruit."	Pitagora	83	24	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Francis Ford Coppola 2012 Pitagora Red (Sonoma County)	Red Blend	Francis Ford Coppola
Argentina	"Stout, smoky aromas revolve around thick berry scents and minerally notes. This is rock solid in the mouth but not too heavy. Jammy blackberry, spice and herbal flavors are generous, while the finish is lightly oaked, with modest toast, vanilla and chocolate notes along with mint."	Alta Collection	90	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tapiz 2012 Alta Collection Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tapiz
US	"Oak-infused fruit dominates this wine. It's strong in blackberry and plum jam, with a cola-mocha richness sprinkled with anise and sage. On the finish, high alcohol contributes a hot, peppery note. Doesn't seem like an ager."	Bartolucci Vineyard	86	85	California	St. Helena	Napa			Honig 2010 Bartolucci Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Honig
US	"Golden straw yellow in the glass, this twist-top bottling offers striking Meyer lemon pith and brie cheese rind aromas, settling into white peach, honeysuckle and a bit of buttered almonds. A sizzling acidity leads the sip, with flavors of lemon wedge, quinine, Asian pear and a bit of browned marshmallow on the finish, where the pithy grip extends."	Audrey Diamond T Vineyard	93	75	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talbott 2014 Audrey Diamond T Vineyard Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	Talbott
US	"Massive blackberry, cherry, currant and mocha flavors characterize this dry, potent Syrah. At the age of five, it's round and mellow in the mouth, with firm tannins and a gentle scour of acidity. Just beginning to show its stuff. Drink now–2018."	Bien Nacido Hillside Estate	92	40	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Qupé 2008 Bien Nacido Hillside Estate Syrah (Santa Maria Valley)	Syrah	Qupé
US	"Coming from a cool vintage, this wine doesn't seem to have fully ripened, with aromas of green herbs, dill and baking spices. It's quite light in style, not entirely holding together."	Benchmark	86	29	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Market Vineyards 2011 Benchmark Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Market Vineyards
US	"With a soft, expressive mouthfeel, it has classic Cabernet flavors of black currants, plus oaky, chocolaty notes, and finishes dry. The tannins are pretty strong, but it's not likely that this is an ager. Drink through 2016."		86	32	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Handal-Denier 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Handal-Denier
Israel	"Medium-gold in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of clementine and brioche. It is clean and crisp in the mouth, with flavors of lime sorbet, vanilla and toasted bread. It offers a good balance of citrus fruit and toasty notes right into the bright, lasting finish."	Special Reserve Winemakers' Choice	90	25	Judean Hills			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Barkan 2012 Special Reserve Winemakers' Choice Chardonnay (Judean Hills)	Chardonnay	Barkan
US	"A light sheath of sulfur sits atop the aromas of woodshop, brown spice, dried strawberry and chopped nuts. This supple Merlot sports low to medium amounts of dusty tannins, which frame the flavors of mocha and cherry. The longer the wine sits in the glass, the more the flavors seem to fade."		83	23	Virginia	Virginia				Miracle Valley 2010 Merlot (Virginia)	Merlot	Miracle Valley
US	"This is a big, dark and concentrated wine with exotic spicy, oaky aromas, rich and ripe fruit flavors, an absolutely creamy, mouthfilling texture and lingering finish. Deft touches of graphite and cedar in the aromas meet generous black plum, mint and cherry on the palate."	Split Rail Vineyard	93	82	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Goldeneye 2014 Split Rail Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Goldeneye
Argentina	"Ripe blackberry and cola aromas comes across as foresty and nice as a whole. This saturated, dense Malbec shows brutish, choppy tannins along with flavors of blackberry, exotic spices and fig. The finish remains rough and turns hot. Drink through 2021."	AR Guentota Old Vine	89	25	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Belasco de Baquedano 2011 AR Guentota Old Vine Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Belasco de Baquedano
US	"Plenty of good plum and raspberry flavors give substance to this very smooth-textured and medium-bodied wine. It has a mouth-filling quality, ripe fruit and light touches of spice to keep it interesting."		86	15	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Greystone 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Greystone
France	"Fresh, with the attractive cool feel that's typical of the Loire, this is a red currant and raspberry flavored wine. It is fruity, just lightly structured and with a fine tang of citrus to finish."	Cuvée J.M. Rosé Brut	88	18	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Monmousseau NV Cuvée J.M. Rosé Brut Sparkling (Touraine)	Sparkling Blend	Monmousseau
US	"The malolactic fermentation on this unoaked wine was blocked, so this is brimming with pure orange and lime flavors. The acidity is brisk and clean."	Unoaked	87	18	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Kopriva 2011 Unoaked Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Kopriva
Italy	"Mormoreto is an exceptional blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc that produces a sensual, silky wine with gorgeous concentration and intense shadings of blueberry, cola, root beer, clove, cherry, chocolate fudge and moist earth. It boasts great complexity and a long, spice-driven finish."	Mormoreto	93	54	Tuscany	Toscana				Castello di Nipozzano 2004 Mormoreto Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castello di Nipozzano
US	"This pale, cotton candy hued wine contains muted aromas of strawberry hull and raspberry. The flavors are ripe and fruity, with a hint of orange blossom. It's light bodied, but the ripe-fruit sweetness is almost textural."	White Merlot	84	20	Virginia	Virginia		Carrie Dykes		New Kent 2014 White Merlot Rosé (Virginia)	Rosé	New Kent
Italy	"Made of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Canaiolo and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this polished red opens with black-skinned berry and leather aromas. The smooth, medium-bodied palate evokes dried black cherries, cinnamon and white pepper, while fine-grained tannins provide elegant support. Enjoy through 2021."	Trefiano Riserva	91	55	Tuscany	Carmignano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Capezzana 2012 Trefiano Riserva  (Carmignano)	Red Blend	Capezzana
Spain	"This is a bit old fashioned on the nose, where vanilla, dried fruit and dill aromas hold court. A dry, traditional type of palate delivers spiced plum, red cherry and mild herbal flavors in front of a light-bodied, slightly oaky tasting finish."	Crianza	87	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Bujanda 2009 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Viña Bujanda
US	"This bright, fresh and fruity wine presents an appealing mix of apricot and peach aromas, ripe and round peach flavors and a smooth texture. Rather full bodied, it is lifted by a good amount of tangy acidity."	Upper Russian River	86	25	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Jeriko 2012 Upper Russian River Chardonnay (Mendocino County)	Chardonnay	Jeriko
US	"This small-production, single-vineyard white hails from a site at the southern end of the appellation, close to Carneros. It shines in golden apple, honey graham cracker and a rich texture that impresses from start to finish. A floral element persists and intrigues, a mix of wildflower and fennel."	Ruhl Vineyard	93	38	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Grow Wines 2014 Ruhl Vineyard Chardonnay (Mount Veeder)	Chardonnay	Grow Wines
France	"This is a tightly coiled wine, still firm and packed with tannins as well as fruit. It has a strong dry core that is lifted by the bright acidity. This is going to be a very complete wine, all the elements well in place. Drink from 2026."		94	35	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Olivier 2014  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Olivier
Portugal	"This is not a shy wine—it is concentrated and powerful, with ripe tannins and dense black fruits. Coming from vineyards in the Douro Superior, this shows the region's the heat and harsh growing conditions, giving a compact, firm wine with a mineral texture to balance the juicy fruits. It will need several years, so drink from 2017."	Quinta da Fronteira Reserva	91	40	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Companhia das Quintas 2012 Quinta da Fronteira Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Companhia das Quintas
US	"Tart and snappy, the flavors of lime flesh and rind dominate. Some green pineapple pokes through, with crisp acidity underscoring the flavors. The wine was all stainless-steel fermented."		87	14	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rainstorm 2013 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Rainstorm
US	"Muted in somewhat floral sensibilities, this wine features a low dose of oak behind its blend of Merlot, Syrah, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec. Despite the preponderance of grapes, it somehow lacks fruit and manages to hit but one note, making for a soft, approachable and straightforward wine."	Barrel Select	84	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rutherford Hill 2011 Barrel Select Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Rutherford Hill
France	"This is a wood-aged Chardonnay that's smooth, creamy and rich. The wine has weight, with lemon and peach flavors as well as vanilla accents from the oak. Its current fruitiness will mature and broaden well, so keep this wine for at least four years."	Cuvée Madeleine	90	22	Southwest France	Côtes du Tarn		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine D'en Ségur 2011 Cuvée Madeleine Chardonnay (Côtes du Tarn)	Chardonnay	Domaine D'en Ségur
Portugal	"A ripe wine with violet aromas and layers of ripe jammy berry flavors, this has robust tannins under the fruit, lending structure to its bold character. Acidity follows, adding a crisp texture to the aftertaste. Drink now."	Reserva	87	30	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Arrobe 2013 Reserva Syrah (Tejo)	Syrah	Quinta do Arrobe
Italy	"Fragrant blue flower, woodland berry, dark spice and pine forest aromas lead the way. It's racy, focused and loaded with chiseled finesse, delivering juicy red cherry, crushed cranberry, cinnamon and star anise. Tightly knit, refined tannins and firm acidity provide the backbone. Drink 2023–2033."	Fraschin Bricco San Pietro	95	48	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Manzone 2013 Fraschin Bricco San Pietro  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Manzone
New Zealand	"This relatively small estate in the Awatere Valley continues to impress. The tomato leaf character of the region comes through loud and clear without being overbearing, being balanced by passion fruit and gooseberry flavors. It's reasonably full in body, yet finishes spicy, prickly and refreshing."		91	18	Awatere Valley			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Eradus 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Awatere Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Eradus
US	"Petit Verdot (62%) takes the lead on this blend, followed by Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec and Cabernet Franc. The flower, green herb, coffee and barrel spice aromas are brooding, while the palate offers bright acids, firm tannins and a spot-on sense of balance."	Trentenaire	91	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Brian Carter Cellars 2012 Trentenaire Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Brian Carter Cellars
Italy	"Delicate aromas of crushed herb blue flower and red berry set the tone on this straightforward but solid Barolo. The linear palate offers sour cherry, cranberry and a suggestion of clove alongside firm tannins and fresh acidity."		89	45	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vite Colte 2013  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Vite Colte
Italy	"Rubizzo is a fantastic value wine that is simple and concrete but also bright, cheerful and fruit-forward. The cherry tones are plump and mature and the wine feels softly round on the close."	Rubizzo	88	13	Tuscany	Toscana				Rocca delle Macìe 2008 Rubizzo Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Rocca delle Macìe
US	"Tart and ripe in grapefruit and lime, this is an easygoing quaff with buzzy acidity that will be enjoyable on a summer's day or at a casual gathering. Light, it finishes muted and fast."		88	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	MacMurray Estate Vineyards 2014 Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	MacMurray Estate Vineyards
US	"This is labeled Methode Champenoise, though its time on the lees was minimal. It's a bit of a sourball, a mix of green apple and lemon, but would be a knockout with raw oysters."	Sparkling	88	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Eola Hills 2015 Sparkling Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Eola Hills
US	"Summers has been quietly perfecting Cabernet under the radar. The '04 continues a string of successful vintages. It's riper and more accessible than previous years, and rewards for expressive black currant flavors enhanced with lots of fine, smoky new oak. The tannins are so gentle, you can drink this wine now, but it should hold for a good six years."		91	46	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Summers 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Summers
Portugal	"This is a concentrated, rich wine. A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Touriga Nacional and Alicante Bouschet, it is ripe, juicy and full of black-plum fruits. Dark and still firm, it is likely to age well. The 16 months in barrel have added spice and filled out the fruit. Drink this powerful wine from 2019."	Quinta de Pancas Reserva	93	30	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Companhia das Quintas 2013 Quinta de Pancas Reserva Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Companhia das Quintas
Australia	"The 2009 Diana Madeline is 88% Cabernet Sauvignon, with the balance a blend of Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Malbec. It boasts lovely aromas of cassis and tobacco leaf or dried herb, while on the palate it is restrained. For all of the aromatic boldness and purity, it's a bit austere, ending on a firm, crisp note. A 2002 tasted recently was just hitting its stride, so give it another 6–8 years."	Diana Madeline	91	95	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cullen 2009 Diana Madeline Red (Margaret River)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cullen
US	"Fruity in a grapy, plummy way, this is a substantial wine with deceptively sweet undertones that finishes dry and with a slight tang of black tea."		86	17	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ministry of the Vinterior 2013 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ministry of the Vinterior
Italy	"This brawny red opens with aromas suggesting resin, stewed prune, blue flower, cooking spice and leather. The robust palate offers raisin, blackberry extract, cinnamon and mocha while solid, velvety tannins provide support."		92	59	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Rustico 2011  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	San Rustico
US	"This lightly bodied, elegant wine is subtle and crisp—a study in white pepper and leather that's both complex and tightly layered. Cool climate to its core, it shows floral aromas and flavors of rose petal and lavender as hints of rhubarb and tart cherry make their way onto the quiet palate."	Coastlands Vineyard 1906 Block Pommard Clone	93	80	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cobb 2014 Coastlands Vineyard 1906 Block Pommard Clone Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Cobb
Spain	"This Crianza is strapping on the nose, with fairly big but not overdone black-fruit aromas. A ripe, chewy palate with moderate tannins holds peppery wild berry flavors that settle on plum. A dark, toasty, peppery finish is mild and smooth. Overall, this offers a lot to like."	Cosme Palacio Vendimia Seleccionada	91	20	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Palacio 2012 Cosme Palacio Vendimia Seleccionada  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Palacio
US	"Though Syrah is not new to Southern Oregon, the recent rise in quality may surprise you. DanCin's Danseur is estate-grown in the Applegate Valley. It's an aromatic, tightly woven gem, loaded with plum, berry and kirsch, highlights of herb and bramble and a finish streaked with chocolate, espresso and licorice. Tannins are polished and the flavors linger delightfully."	Danseur	92	35	Oregon	Southern Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	DanCin 2012 Danseur Syrah (Southern Oregon)	Syrah	DanCin
US	"The cool 2011 vintage has kept this bottling from being as ripe as previous wines from this producer. It's certainly leaner, but for all that, it's dry, silky and elegantly complex in its own way, with dried raspberry, tea and white pepper flavors. It could surprise after 2017."	Bella Una	91	56	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Benovia 2011 Bella Una Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Benovia
US	"This is pure Cabernet from Red Mountain's Klipsun vineyard; there is nothing subtle or gentle about this wine. It's a powerhouse, sharp and astringent, with edgy flavors of berry and granite. The rock/mineral component dominates the finish, which lingers and gently fades. Overall, this is a wine to cellar and to watch; it tastes like a high-altitude Malbec from a 7,000-foot Argentine vineyard."	La Bestia Klipsun Vineyard	92	45	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lachini 2005 La Bestia Klipsun Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lachini
New Zealand	"A consistent performer from year to year, Villa Maria's 2009 Private Bin Sauvignon Blanc hints at asparagus, which kept my enthusiasm a little more limited than in the past. But there's ample grapefruit and bright Green Gage plum on the finish."	Private Bin	87	16	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Villa Maria 2009 Private Bin Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Villa Maria
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon makes up 90% of this wine, with the rest smidgens of Malbec, Syrah, Cabernet Franc and Merlot. Brooding aromas of blackberry seed, smoke, tar, wood spice, dark flowers and cherry pit are followed by generous full-bodied black-fruit flavors that possess a very supple feel. It's a bold but far from over the top expression of power."	Chapter 7 Conner Lee Vineyard	92	100	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	J. Bookwalter 2014 Chapter 7 Conner Lee Vineyard Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	J. Bookwalter
France	"This wine is rich, spicy and full of black fruit. With solid tannins alongside its juicy black currant flavors, it's firm and will age well. Its density and richness are developing and will be best from 2020."		91	13	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Cap Saint-Martin 2015  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Cap Saint-Martin
Spain	"Red in color and pretty clean on the nose, where raspberry and rose petal essence come together. The palate is acidic and tight, with tangy watermelon and peach flavors carrying the cleansing finish. Juicy to the extreme, but a good partner for food."	Rosado	84	8	Northern Spain	Campo de Borja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Coto de Hayas 2007 Rosado Rosé (Campo de Borja)	Rosé	Coto de Hayas
US	"Surprisingly tight for such a ripe and generous vintage; decanted if you plan on drinking it soon. The fruit is concentrated and pure: raspberry, cherry and cassis with a chaser of lemony acid. The acids are not quite integrated yet, and the oak seems unusually restrained. Looks set to evolve in interesting ways; purchase it in quantity, then check on it regularly to see what it's doing."		91	60	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Feather 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Feather
Australia	"Austere, tannic and chewy, this Cabernet could use a few years in the cellar. Classic mint and cassis notes are framed by cedar and vanilla, but the fruit comes through on the firm, dusty finish, a sign of positive things to come. Drink 2020–2030."	Trueman	93	75	South Australia	McLaren Vale		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Hickinbotham 2013 Trueman Cabernet Sauvignon (McLaren Vale)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hickinbotham
France	"This estate lies in a valley one set of ridges behind the Mediterranean. The sheltered location gives a warm style of wine, properly pale in color but also with delicious ripe red fruits touched by caramel. Drink the wine now."	Bain de Soleil	88	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Saint Roman d'Esclans 2016 Bain de Soleil Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Saint Roman d'Esclans
Greece	"This wine begins with rustic charm, and it features notes of olive, cigar box and cedar, followed by equally earthy flavors of spicebox, tomato, vanilla and pepper. The sturdy tannins and texture are softened by a wave of red fruit. Pair this with grilled lamb or burgers."	Eurynome Red Dry Wine Xinomavro-Negoska	87	27	Goumenissa			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Chatzivariti 2010 Eurynome Red Dry Wine Xinomavro-Negoska Red (Goumenissa)	Red Blend	Chatzivariti
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot make up three-quarters of this blend. Subtle aromas of baking spice, vanilla and cherry lead to tart well-proportioned pit-fruit flavors. It shows a fine sense of balance."	Estate Merriment	91	48	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Basel Cellars 2012 Estate Merriment Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Basel Cellars
France	"A selection from different parcels in the Château de Fuissé vineyard, this is a rich wine, initially soft, then showing a more textured character. It has weight, concentration, the wood adding another dimension to an already complex wine."	Tête de Cru	91	39	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fuissé 2009 Tête de Cru  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Château de Fuissé
France	"Attractive spice and green-fruit aromas lead to this fresh, ripe wine. Touches of wood give a spicy buttery taste that contrasts easily with the flavors. Fruity with a light mineral character, it is ready to drink."	Les Houillères	90	50	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine A. Machard de Gramont 2014 Les Houillères  (Puligny-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Domaine A. Machard de Gramont
Italy	"This robust wine opens with aromas of spiced plum, iris and grilled herb. The warm palate offers raisin, licorice, game, black pepper and the heat of evident alcohol. Reflecting the torrid vintage, this is evolving quickly and the fruit richness is already drying up, so drink sooner rather than later."	Vigneto Bucerchiale Riserva	87	34	Tuscany	Chianti Rufina		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Selvapiana 2011 Vigneto Bucerchiale Riserva  (Chianti Rufina)	Sangiovese	Selvapiana
US	"Seems somewhat crisper and less weighty than prior vintages, with the custardy mouthfeel buttressed by lemony acids. You'll also find apples, sweet plums and the obligatory toast and vanilla. —J.C."	Laguna Vineyard	87	23	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Gallo of Sonoma 1999 Laguna Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Gallo of Sonoma
Chile	"Green and spunky on the nose, with light citrus aromas and nothing forced, sour or funky. The palate is full and a little creamy, with just enough acidic kick. Tastes of green melon, lime and banana. Lasting acidity provides pulse to the finish."	Nimbus Single Vineyard	88	13	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2010 Nimbus Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Viña Casablanca
Italy	"Red berry, rose and a sprinkling of baking spice aromas unfold in the glass while the firm, youthful palate offers tart red cherry, strawberry, star anise and white pepper. It's young but balanced, with bright acidity and assertive but refined tannins that leave a firm finish. Drink 2019–2024."	del Comune di La Morra	91	44	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ciabot Berton 2012 del Comune di La Morra  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ciabot Berton
US	"Quilceda Creek's Red Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon opens with a dense, exotic and luxurious nose: a mix of roasted coffee, dark fruit and Asian spice. At first it's quite dense and unyielding, but it opens slowly over a period of days—not hours—remaining dense and compact, with a remarkable array of dark fruits and barrel flavors. As with its companion reds from Quilceda Creek, this is a wine to cellar for decades."	Galitzine Vineyard	96	110	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Quilceda Creek 2009 Galitzine Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Quilceda Creek
US	"Production is up six-fold from 2013 levels. Spicy cherry/berry fruit is set against tongue-tickling acids. That tart raspberry-candy core is tasty right now, so no need to wait on this one."		88	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Alchemist 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Alchemist
Italy	"Made entirely from Nebbiolo, this boasts finesse and structure. Aromas of rose and red berry carry over to the palate alongside bright cherry and yeasty notes of baked bread. Crisp acidity generates freshness, while the elegant perlage gives a silky texture. It finishes bone-dry. Oliver McCrum, Volio Vino."	Rosanna Metodo Classico Brut Rosé	92	35	Italy Other	Vino Spumante		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Germano Ettore 2012 Rosanna Metodo Classico Brut Rosé Nebbiolo (Vino Spumante)	Nebbiolo	Germano Ettore
Italy	"A sophisticated wine with lingering tones of red berry fruit and soft spice. Thanks to its age, many of those beautiful aromas of cola and licorice are just beginning to appear."	Infinito	88	50	Tuscany	Toscana				Castello di Monastero 2001 Infinito Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castello di Monastero
US	"This tart, plush and broadly appealing wine is fruit-forward and rounded with red cherry, cola and vanilla flavors."		88	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	J Vineyards & Winery 2015 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	J Vineyards & Winery
US	"The aromas of dried flowers and green herbs have yet to fully blossom, seeming light and elusive, with green pepper providing accents. The blackberry and black currant flavors are light and layered, with well-balanced tannins and an extended finish."	Owl & Crown Estate Reserve	90	65	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	àMaurice 2013 Owl & Crown Estate Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	àMaurice
France	"Here is a superbly rich and smooth wine. Aromas of violets and flavors of blueberries and red cherries along with dusty tannins, give this wine both immediate appeal and the promise of a good long-term future."	La Landonne	95	150	Rhône Valley	Côte Rôtie		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jean-Michel Gerin 1999 La Landonne  (Côte Rôtie)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine Jean-Michel Gerin
Austria	"Ripe and appetizing red cherry and juicy raspberry flavors make for an inviting nose. The palate is soft and pliable, juicy and fresh, tingling with peppery spice. The body is slender and fluid but the ripeness of the vintage is palpable, coming across as alcoholic warmth. The flavors are juicy and the finish has uplifting freshness."	Lage Viereck	90	73	Thermenregion			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Gebeshuber 2015 Lage Viereck Pinot Noir (Thermenregion)	Pinot Noir	Gebeshuber
Argentina	"Herbal black-fruit aromas come with a lot of oak. This is full, chunky and meaty in feel, with green hints and blackberry flavors appearing before a blast of hickory smoke takes over. A high-toast, slightly bitter finish confirms the strong oaky character."		86	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alamos 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alamos
US	"A dazzling Merlot, rich and complex, offering immediately appealing waves of cherry pie, red currant, cola, mocha, brown sugar, cinnamon and sweet oak. Even though the tannins are thick, they're as soft as velvet. The structural integrity of this wine is pure Napa Valley and makes the wine particularly fine."		92	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			La Jota Vineyard 2008 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	La Jota Vineyard
Italy	"Aromas of violet, cured meat, sage and a whiff of underbrush lead the nose. The light simple palate offers up cranberry, sour cherry and a hint of orange zest alongside both firm acidity and relaxed tannins."		86	23	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio il Castellare 2014  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Poggio il Castellare
Italy	"Gianni Masciarelli has mastered the tricky art of growing Chardonnay in the Abruzzo and this sophisticated, barrique-aged wine shows his enormous talent. Dedicated to his wife, layered aromas here include vanilla extract, pineapple, honey and almond backed by elegant mineral nuances. Wood-driven flavors are underplayed in the mouth, allowing the quality of the fruit to show."	Marina Cvetic	92	50	Central Italy	Colline Teatine				Masciarelli 2004 Marina Cvetic Chardonnay (Colline Teatine)	Chardonnay	Masciarelli
Argentina	"Strange Chardonnay. It smells and tastes more like feeble Torrontés than Chard. The palate offers only shearing apple fruit, and the finish is hard. Can't imagine anyone pegging this as Chardonnay."	Finca Monte Lindo	80	9	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Vista 2007 Finca Monte Lindo Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Alta Vista
US	"Unusually fruity for a Pinot Gris, this bursts with quince, hay and lanolin aromas that give way to an intense palate with good weight. While slightly astringent, the mouthwatering finish will provide a good foil for fried calamari."		88	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes			Hunt Country Vineyards 2007 Pinot Gris (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Gris	Hunt Country Vineyards
Germany	"Fresh white grapefruit and tea leaves perfume this gorgeously honeyed kabinett. The palate is just delicately sweet, glazed by honey and sweet-tart tangerine flavors. Juicy in concentration yet finely filigreed on the tongue, it's an elegant yet approachable wine with wide appeal. Drink now through 2020."	Prüm Blue Kabinett	90	22	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		S.A. Prüm 2015 Prüm Blue Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	S.A. Prüm
Argentina	"Reserved on the nose, with a hint of rhubarb and bramble. But where this wine really fails to impress is on the palate. It's sharp and underdeveloped, with tart cherry aromas and piercing acidity. Some mocha and vanilla come on late to help things along, but by then the wine has defined itself as borderline sour and miserly. Unusually short on fruit for Luigi Bosca, a winery we've come to like. Imported by Multiple U.S. Importers."	Reserva	83	21	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luigi Bosca 2006 Reserva Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Luigi Bosca
US	"Bonterra's first rosé, showing the clean purity and balance that nearly always characterize its wines. Bone dry and vibrant in acidity, this Sangiovese, Zinfandel and Grenache blend has tart cherry, raspberry, tea and vanilla flavors. You might want to open it early to let some sulfur blow off."		86	13	California	Mendocino County				Bonterra 2007 Rosé (Mendocino County)	Rosé	Bonterra
US	"Austere and steely at first, this white settles into crisp, tangy grapefruit and lemon notes, centered around a bright, medium body. The mouthfeel is crisp and clean, uncomplicated, yet well-crafted and composed."	Estate	89	19	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mill Creek 2013 Estate Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mill Creek
Spain	"Plum and berry aromas are clean but regular. The wine feels wiry and bouncy, with pointed acidity. Fresh, tangy flavors of red berry and cranberry finish dry, oaky and tight. It's good and familiar in an old-school way."	Glorioso Crianza	87	19	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Palacio 2010 Glorioso Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Palacio
US	"Light aromas of the barnyard don't impede the impression of pretty strawberry-pastry fruit flavors. The aging in 20% new French oak adds streaks of vanilla, cocoa and mocha to the finish."	Marylhurst Estate	88	36	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Vista Hills 2011 Marylhurst Estate Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Vista Hills
France	"This bright and fruity wine is made from Gamay, bringing out a cherry character as well as crisp acidity. The wine is lively, perfumed and ready to drink."	Rosé de Soirée	85	12	Beaujolais	Beaujolais Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Pizay 2016 Rosé de Soirée Rosé (Beaujolais Rosé)	Rosé	Château de Pizay
US	"Heavy and dull, like cherry pie filling, dusted with cinnamon and cocoa, without the pie shell. That baked crust provides the crunchy structure, which this fruit bomb lacks."	Aubaine Vineyard	83	50	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast			Loring Wine Company 2007 Aubaine Vineyard Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Loring Wine Company
Romania	"This late harvest Sauvignon Blanc is honey gold in color, with tantalizing aromas of honeysuckle, white flowers and lanolin. It is generous on the palate, with flavors of apricot and tinned peaches supported by floral notes. Its sweetness is enhanced by a pleasing level of acidity on the finish."	Conocul Ambrozy	92	28	Recas			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Cramele Recas 2013 Conocul Ambrozy Sauvignon Blanc (Recas)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cramele Recas
Spain	"Mellow on the nose, with sweet aromas of maple, raisin and sautéed mushroom. Just fresh enough in the mouth, with toffee, vanilla, butter, coconut and mature roasted berry flavors. Delivers a lot of mocha on the finish as it maintains elegance and freshness. Ready to drink."	Gran Reserva	89	25	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montecillo 2003 Gran Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Montecillo
US	"Beautifully balanced between maturity and freshness, this elegant bubbly combines appetizing cherry, almond and ginger flavors with a suave texture and long finish. It achieves a level of personality and sophistication beyond simple fruitiness."	Brut Excellence	91	20	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Scharffenberger NV Brut Excellence Sparkling (Mendocino County)	Sparkling Blend	Scharffenberger
Chile	"Wiry, scratchy blueberry and black-currant aromas come with an odd soapy perfume. This feels choppy, with outsized acidity and oak making their presence felt. Salty, briny plum flavors are cutting, while the finish feels raw and astringent."	Marques de Casa Concha	85	25	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2013 Marques de Casa Concha Merlot (Maule Valley)	Merlot	Concha y Toro
US	"A delicate cherry blossom perfume persists throughout Hazlitt's Rieslings this vintage, and it's especially noticeable in the Homestead Reserve. While off dry in style, it's intensely mineral with a lemon-lime zing that reverberates on the finish."	Homestead Reserve	88	24	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hazlitt 1852 Vineyards 2013 Homestead Reserve Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Hazlitt 1852 Vineyards
France	"Ripe and structured, this has black plum and ripe berry flavors that are lifted by the acidity typical of the vintage. Tannins are solid and dense, packed around the fruit, and show that the wine is still young. Drink this solid while fruity wine from 2020."		93	160	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Fleur-Pétrus 2013  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Fleur-Pétrus
Portugal	"From this family-owned estate in the heart of great Port country, this wine is both richly structured and packed with fruit. It has solid black fruits that are laced with intense acidity to keep the wine bright and crisp. At the same time, the tannins and the firm texture will allow it to age. Drink from 2019."		91	20	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de la Rosa 2015 Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de la Rosa
US	"All varietal coming from Candy Mountain Vineyard, the aromas of dark-roasted coffee bean, herb, vanilla and dark cherry provide appeal. Fruit and barrel flavors intertwine on the palate, tapering toward the finish."		89	32	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Silvara 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Silvara
Chile	"This is a round, creamy, soft Chardonnay with resiny aromas. A strange, forced oak flavor dominates the flavor profile, which includes spice more than fruit. On the finish, oak and resin are about all you get."	Casillero del Diablo Reserva	83	12	Limarí Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2011 Casillero del Diablo Reserva Chardonnay (Limarí Valley)	Chardonnay	Concha y Toro
Portugal	"Blackberry and ripe black currant flavors are interspersed with acidity and a juicy texture. The wine has a dry, tannic core, with flavors of old wood that spoils the general fruitiness of the wine. Drink now."		84	12	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casal da Coelheira 2012 Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Casal da Coelheira
US	"So fresh and jammy in raspberry and cherry fruit, so tannic and acidic, so overtly oaky, it seems like a wine to stick in the cellar for 3–5 years to let it mellow out. It's good and rich and impressive, but too much of everything at this point."	Mononi Vineyard	92	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Arista 2009 Mononi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Arista
US	"Apparently made from Bordeaux varieties, this wine is crisp and overtly sweet. It has simple, jammy flavors of pineapples, lemons and limes."	Cuvée Blanc Galleron Road Vineyard	84	34	California	Rutherford	Napa			Greyscale 2008 Cuvée Blanc Galleron Road Vineyard White (Rutherford)	White Blend	Greyscale
US	"This polished, un-oaked Riesling shows the variety's petrol note riding high over citrus and honeysuckle flavors. It's off dry and brisk in acidity. With alcohol of 12.5% by volume, it's a lovely, delicate wine to drink now."	Riven Rock Vineyard	87	22	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast			Cutruzzola 2011 Riven Rock Vineyard Riesling (San Luis Obispo County)	Riesling	Cutruzzola
Italy	"Blue flower, ripe plum, baking spice and pine forest scents lead the nose. The palate is still tense and tightly drawn, showing tart sour cherry, star anise and a hint of espresso through flexed, fine-grained tannins that leave a firm finish. Drink after 2020."	Varco 84	89	48	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Molino di Sant'Antimo 2012 Varco 84  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Molino di Sant'Antimo
US	"This is a good, solidly made wine with medium body and a pleasant mix of spicy oak and juicy fruit flavors. The texture goes easy on the palate."		87	13	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bar Dog 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bar Dog
US	"Very soft and sweet in dessert pastry flavors. Not much structure, but delicious in cherry- and raspberry- pie filling flavors."		84	18	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			A Cellar Full of Noise 2006 Tempranillo (Paso Robles)	Tempranillo	A Cellar Full of Noise
Portugal	"This is an open, soft, ripe and fruity wine. With a finely integrated tannic structure and plenty of red fruits and acidity, it is a generous full wine that is ready to drink."	Lab Reserva	87	15	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2014 Lab Reserva Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
US	"An unusually deep color and black-cherry flavors help make this wine concentrated and full bodied. A thick layer of tannins puckers the mouth, but will help the wine pair with a roast or rich risotto. It's made from 76% Grenache and 24% Syrah."	The Brat	87	36	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Prospect 772 2013 The Brat Red (California)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Prospect 772
US	"Dark and deep purple/black, with a Port-like nose. There's a little fizz on the palate, which seems odd in a wine this big, and the flavors are locked in tight. Flat, dry, tannic finish."	TC Vineyard Old Vine	84	21	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sonora 1998 TC Vineyard Old Vine Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Sonora
France	"Finely rounded wine, smoky wood and spice combining well with ripe yellow fruits. The acidity is rather underplayed, but all the other elements are well in place. The aftertaste shows more ripe fruit character."	Domaine des Deux Roches Vieilles Vignes	89	30	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Collovray et Terrier 2007 Domaine des Deux Roches Vieilles Vignes  (Saint-Véran)	Chardonnay	Collovray et Terrier
US	"From one of the winery's two estate vineyards, Harper's is dense and oaky, with bittersweet chocolate, dark cherry and black tea twisted around a layer of thick, dense tannins. Dried herbs and a subtle squeeze of tangerine provide savory and exotic character, while the finish is velvety and sublime."	Harper's Rest Estate Grown	94	78	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Arista 2013 Harper's Rest Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Arista
US	"This new release of Riot changes the grapes around, with Sangiovese now comprising half of the wine and Mourvèdre and Grenache filling in the rest of the mix. It's a fun blend, fruity and broad, with a tart raspberry kick and a plummy, spicy finish."	Riot Red Table Wine	87	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trio Vintners 2010 Riot Red Table Wine Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Trio Vintners
US	"Enormously fruity and ripe, this Cab explodes with blackberry, blueberry, currant, and chocolate flavors that can only develop in a warm region. Yet there's enough of an acid-tannin structure to give it balance. Try pairing with steak with a gorgonzola cream sauce."	Reserve	88	84	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Chateau Margene 2009 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Margene
US	"The aromas seem a bit disjointed on first pour, with notes of custard, citrus, mineral and spice. The palate is medium bodied, bringing some interest but not entirely pulling it all together."		87	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Lauren Ashton Cellars 2015 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Lauren Ashton Cellars
Spain	"This is sharp smelling, with aromas of field greens, rhubarb and scratchy spices. It's light in weight, with short, herbal and spicy flavors that center on a strawberry note."		83	12	Northern Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	El Furioso 2009 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León)	Tempranillo	El Furioso
US	"This Bordeaux-style blend is a mix of Malbec, Merlot and Petit Verdot, tart and falling on the thin side. Wild raspberry fruit is accented with scents and flavors of earth and hay. It's aromatic, astringent, and well-suited for grilled meats."	Autonomous	88	34	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Elsom Cellars 2009 Autonomous Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Elsom Cellars
Argentina	"Jumbled jammy berry aromas lack specificity. This has a forceful tartaric mouthfeel that supports tart plum and currant flavors. Keeping things consistent, this is angular and acidic on the finish, with sour plum and racy berry flavors."	Callejon del Crimen Reserva	86	20	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca La Luz 2015 Callejon del Crimen Reserva Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Finca La Luz
Italy	"Firm and spicy, this blend of Sangiovese and 10% Merlot opens with aromas of black plum, crushed violet and kitchen spices. The juicy palate delivers ripe black cherry, licorice and clove alongside a backbone of tightly wound but refined tannins. Drink 2016–2020."	Crognolo	89	35	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Sette Ponti 2012 Crognolo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta Sette Ponti
US	"This is beautiful and rich in blackberries, black currants and dark chocolate, with a warming note suggestive of crème de cassis. It shows terrific concentration and a classy structure that's pedigreed and elegant. The tannins are big, so give it a good decant; drink now and for the next five years."	Harris Vineyard	93	50	California	Oakville	Napa			Nickel & Nickel 2009 Harris Vineyard Merlot (Oakville)	Merlot	Nickel & Nickel
Italy	"Aromas of underbrush, blackberry, ground black pepper and a whiff of leather come together in the glass. The warm, forward palate shows dried black cherry, licorice, clove and sage accompanied by dusty tannins that leave a drying finish. Drink sooner rather than later to catch the remaining fruit richness."	Messaggero	88	35	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Montemercurio 2009 Messaggero  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Montemercurio
France	"With 50% Mourvèdre in the blend, this is an aromatic, ripe and complex wine. It has a sense of structure, with tannins as well as zesty orange and layers of spice. The aftertaste is more floral and fresh, although there is a touch of pepper right at the end."		90	25	Provence	Bandol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Baguiers 2014 Rosé (Bandol)	Rosé	Domaine des Baguiers
US	"Locked up garden herb and cherry aromas are followed by bountiful dark fruit flavors. It possesses a lovely sense of balance and appeal, with chewy tannins backing it all up."		91	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cadaretta 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cadaretta
US	"Spring Valley wines have never been shy and retiring, but here the alcohol – 15.2% – seems to quickly mute the textural subtleties. Though it suggests a panoply of red and black fruits in the nose, the palate is a wash of coffee, toast, tannin and alcohol. The flavors get muddy and the alcohol strips the wine of its terroir."	Frederick Red Wine	87	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Spring Valley Vineyard 2007 Frederick Red Wine Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Spring Valley Vineyard
Italy	"Aromas of toast, milk chocolate and black-skinned fruit lead the way. The soft, low-acid palate doles out crushed plum, fleshy cherry and mocha alongside drying, angular tannins that create an abrupt finish."	Riserva	86	18	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Viticoltori Senesi Aretini 2009 Riserva  (Chianti)	Sangiovese	Viticoltori Senesi Aretini
US	"This was aged in equal parts new and used French oak. The new takes the lead with its aromas and flavors of coffee, cocoa and barrel spices out in front of dark fruit. It brings undeniable appeal but the variety seems to get a bit lost."	Weinbau Vineyard	89	35	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Januik 2012 Weinbau Vineyard Malbec (Wahluke Slope)	Malbec	Januik
France	"Packed with fruit and crisp acidity, this is a bright, light and perfumed wine. Red-berry flavors are lifted by red currants and a light spice. Drink now for total freshness."		87	22	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bernard Reverdy et Fils 2014 Rosé (Sancerre)	Rosé	Bernard Reverdy et Fils
US	"This rosé is quite ripe tasting, like a white-sugared tropical-fruit-juice blend, with alcohol. On the plus side is clean acidity."	Rosé of	82	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			VML 2012 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	VML
France	"Although it seems lean at the moment, there is enough fruit in this wine produced by Eric Gonfrier to promise a good future. The texture is dense, packed with tannins as well as the fruit. Wait until 2019."		88	17	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Baracan 2014  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Baracan
US	"This wine aims to call attention to the tendency of Clone 17 (also known as the Robert Young clone) to provide baked apple and ripe, almond flavors and aromas, which this bottling does, in spades. Caramel, oak and vanilla round out the rest of the experience, which is balanced, but big in ripeness and wood."	Clone 17	88	75	California	Chalk Hill	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chalk Hill 2012 Clone 17 Chardonnay (Chalk Hill)	Chardonnay	Chalk Hill
US	"This effusive, expressive wine offers deep citrus, lemon drop, grapefruit and peach flavors. The fruit is further boosted with a powdered sugar note. Delicious already, it should drink well over the next three or four years."		90	23	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kriselle 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Rogue Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kriselle
US	"This dense, tannic and concentrated wine needs more time in the bottle. It features aromas of flint and dried herb, with similar flavors on the palate. With pronounced oak, it's expansive and rich. Cellar through 2020."	Prominence Reserve	89	89	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bougetz 2012 Prominence Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bougetz
France	"The heady scent of grapefruit and tangelo peel immediately add savoriness to the crisp green-apple fruit that is evident on the nose. But there are also richer hints of honey and yellow apple. The palate remains taut, slender and linear but that tangelo spice is boosted by enticing herbal notes of yarrow and a dollop of yeast. This is an aromatic marvel. The finish is dry and intense. This will keep your interest for years. Drink now through 2035."	Schoenenbourg Grand Cru	95	41	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Bott-Geyl 2014 Schoenenbourg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Bott-Geyl
US	"Lots of acidity gives this Chardonnay a real bite, while the fruit is very ripe, expressive of pineapples, tangerines and Meyer lemons. The result is a flavor of sour yellow candy, enriched with the creaminess of lees and a buttered toast note from the oak barrels. Drink with rich, buttery shellfish entrées."	Murphy's Choice	89	35	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Clos La Chance 2010 Murphy's Choice Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Clos La Chance
Australia	"A solid effort at a bargain price makes this Chardonnay doubly appealing. It's medium bodied, delivering oodles of pineapple-tinged fruit and finishing clean and refreshing."	The Y Series Unwooded	89	13	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Yalumba 2016 The Y Series Unwooded Chardonnay (South Australia)	Chardonnay	Yalumba
US	"This is a full-bodied wine that belies the notion that Oregon always makes a sleeker style of Chardonnay. Here are ripe, round flavors of peach and mango, wrapped in naturally vivid acidity, with a warming sensation in the finish. Best enjoyed soon, while fresh and young."	Dijon 76 Estate	90	27	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Carabella 2009 Dijon 76 Estate Chardonnay (Chehalem Mountains)	Chardonnay	Carabella
Argentina	"Rough, edgy, medicinal red-fruit aromas are highly herbal and jammy. This tastes weedy and green, while the finish is minty and medicinal, with a horsey aftertaste."	Finca Los Primos	82	12	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2015 Finca Los Primos Cabernet Sauvignon	Cabernet Sauvignon	Valentin Bianchi
US	"). You'll want to cellar this young 100% Cab because it's not showing its full potential yet. Dry and tannic, it's very rich in black currants and blackberry jam, but all of the wine's parts need more time to fully integrate; currently, the oak is forward, the acids are tart and citrusy, and the tannins are fierce. Should improve over the next 10 years, maybe even 20."	Family Reserve	93	145	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Venge 2010 Family Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Venge
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, with 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this offers aromas of ripe blackberry, baking spice, toasted oak and a balsamic note. The round, savory palate offers black cherry, ground pepper, anise, espresso and tobacco alongside polished tannins."	Famiglia Zingarelli Riserva	91	26	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rocca delle Macìe 2012 Famiglia Zingarelli Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Rocca delle Macìe
Italy	"L'O is designed as a lean, approachable wine and consequently delivers cherry cola, lightly toasted nut and pencil lead. It is thorny and nervous at times but comes together nicely in the mouth."	L'O	89	39	Tuscany	Toscana				Argiano 2005 L'O Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Argiano
US	"Deep purple in color, this bottling by John and Helen Falcone expertly balances the richness of ripe fruit from eastern Paso with the savory and spiciness provided by Syrah. Blackberry, black pepper, tar and lilac show on the nose, while the palate upholds those elements with persistent acidity and soft yet upright tannins. It's ready to drink right now, but will last for years as well."		94	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Falcone 2015 Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Falcone
US	"Barrel-fermented in entirely new Russian oak, not something one sees every day, this somewhat thin, while ripe, wine offers a curious combination of anise and ham."	Family Collection	83	65	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Trinitas 2012 Family Collection Chardonnay (Rutherford)	Chardonnay	Trinitas
France	"This is an intensely spicy wine, full of lychee and peppered pineapple flavors. It's rich, also showing a strong mineral texture. Medium sweet in style, it is packed with ripe fruit with a touch of honey. The aftertaste shows a fresher side. Drink from 2016."	Sonnenglanz Grand Cru	92	46	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Bott-Geyl 2012 Sonnenglanz Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Bott-Geyl
US	"Intense and feral in brooding dark cherry, this Terra Neuma from the extreme Sonoma Coast vineyard known as De Coelo is owned and tended to by the Benziger family, who pull out all the stops with its annual collection of Pinots from the site. Earthy, this one is also silky, subdued and quite elegant."	Terra Neuma	92	75	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	De Coelo 2012 Terra Neuma Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	De Coelo
US	"This wine is like an adventurous trek through the mountains, with wild, smoky, forest aromas, gamy, black-peppery flavors and a rugged texture that's inviting. Flavor nuances come out with each sip, yielding blackberry, blueberry and grilled steak."	The Gallivanter	89	26	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Donkey & Goat 2015 The Gallivanter Red (California)	Red Blend	Donkey & Goat
US	"Anise, barrel spice, clove, vanilla and plum scents lead to full-bodied fruit and barrel flavors in this wine. It shows some warmth on the finish, with lingering purple fruit and pepper notes."	Ravenscliff Vineyard	88	45	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Milbrandt 2014 Ravenscliff Vineyard Malbec (Wahluke Slope)	Malbec	Milbrandt
Portugal	"Old vines on schist soil have produced a wine that is so concentrated. It is spoilt by some bitter extract that comes from wood aging as much as from the fruit. If that softens, the wine will become rich and generous. Wait until 2017."	Aguia Moura em Vinhas Velhas Reserva	87	18	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2013 Aguia Moura em Vinhas Velhas Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
France	"This wine has soft flavors, fruity and bright, with a light, easygoing character that will sip down easily. Drink immediately, well chilled."		84	11	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	L'original French Kiss 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Vin de France)	Sauvignon Blanc	L'original French Kiss
US	"It's crafted by one of the six Lodi Native wineries using native yeast and neutral barrels. Savory and distinctive, it offers smoky, peppery, meaty complexity and mellow fruit flavors. Full-bodied but not tannic, it has a velvety texture and finishes soft but long. It seems made for mealtime."	Lodi Native The Century Block	92	35	California	Mokelumne River	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Fields Family 2012 Lodi Native The Century Block Zinfandel (Mokelumne River)	Zinfandel	Fields Family
France	"As so often with Montrose, this is a powerful, concentrated and very structured wine. Dense tannins are paired with rich black fruits, although at this stage the wine also has a sense of austerity. Power, severity and complexity all make for a wine for long aging. Wait until 2019."		94	120	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Montrose 2011  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Montrose
US	"This is chewy and tannic, with sharp edges around cranberry fruit. It's blocky and one-dimensional, but solid and substantial. If Pinot Noir can ever be a steak wine, this is it. A touch of anise and coffee winds it down through the finish."	Cuvée	87	35	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Youngberg Hill Vineyards 2013 Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Youngberg Hill Vineyards
US	"A distinctly musky note mingles amidst pretty orange blossom and grapefruit on this dainty, but surprisingly complex Sauvignon Blanc. Mouthwatering acidity yields a brisk but clean finish."		88	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Raphael 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (North Fork of Long Island)	Sauvignon Blanc	Raphael
US	"A new offering from this winery, this pulls no punches with its dense, concentrated flavors of raspberry jam, red apple, peppery spices and huckleberry. It offers a dazzling mouthfeel and an extended finish."	Sleeping Giant Boushey Vineyard	92	80	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gorman 2012 Sleeping Giant Boushey Vineyard Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Gorman
US	"Just too raisiny and stewed for real satisfaction. The extreme dryness and shriveled fruit taste accentuates the alcohol and tannins, making the wine hot and astringent."	Estate	83	21	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Midnight 2004 Estate Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	Midnight
US	"This is one of Chandon's sweeter bubblies. It has flavors of honey, limes, pineapples and oranges, with yeasty notes of vanilla and toast. The mousse is delicate, making it extra drinkable."	Brut Classic	87	22	California	California	California Other			Chandon NV Brut Classic Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Chandon
US	"Sweet and extracted in pineapple, tangerine, lime and vanilla flavors, this Chardonnay also is generously oaked, which gives it even richer vanilla and buttered toast notes. It's flashy, yet would benefit from greater dryness and restraint. Size isn't everything."		86	28	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Anaba 2009 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Anaba
Italy	"As its name suggests, Hedonis ushers forth opulent and indulgent aromas of chocolate fudge, bright berry and exotic spice. The aromatic intensity is impressive, but the palate is tight, linear and compact. There's a pleasing touch of dried rosemary on the finish. Prestige Wine Imports Corp. —M.L."	Hedonis	90	31	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Feudo Arancio 2007 Hedonis Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Feudo Arancio
US	"Juicy plum, raspberry and pencil lead lead the way in this vineyard designate, a site that's 2,000 feet high. Tobacco and cedar meet a full-bodied hit of oak and puckering tannin, the wine still youthfully wrapped in its full-bodied boldness."	Bella Vetta Vineyard	86	75	California	Howell Mountain	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Hindsight 2013 Bella Vetta Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hindsight
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, Canaiolo and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas suggesting mature dark-skinned fruit, toast, sunbaked earth and cooking spice. On the polished, straightforward palate, hints of clove, orange peel and anise back up a core of dried black cherry while close-grained tannins provide the framework. Drink through 2018."		88	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Cappellina 2012  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Tenuta Cappellina
US	"There are masses of pineapple, apricot, orange and green apple fruit in this Chardonnay, accented with strong Carneros acidity. Quite a good wine, but once you get past the flavors, it falls off in interest. Could be a rare Chardonnay sleeper. Try giving it 2–3 years in the cellar."	Hyde Vineyard	90	55	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Patz & Hall 2008 Hyde Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Patz & Hall
Italy	"Here's a fragrant and delicate Chardonnay from the far north of Italy that delivers aromas of honeysuckle, passion fruit and almond skin. The wine has fresh appeal and zesty spice on the close that makes it a natural companion to fish and vegetable dishes."		87	20	Northeastern Italy	Trentino				Gaierhof 2007 Chardonnay (Trentino)	Chardonnay	Gaierhof
US	"Dark reddish-pink in color, this wine exudes the essence of a strawberry patch both in flavor and aroma, adding to the fruitiness with complementary flavors of peach. Expansive and duly ripe, it incorporates richer layers of vanilla that add a touch of sweetness to the finish."	Estate Rosato di	86	20	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Trentadue 2016 Estate Rosato di Sangiovese (Alexander Valley)	Sangiovese	Trentadue
US	"Extremely ripe fruit flavors fuel this full-bodied, no-holds barred wine. The aromas are like blackberry jam and raspberry syrup, and the flavors are almost that extreme, but the wine is technically dry. A very viscous texture wraps it up."	Reserve	88	16	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Fallbrook 2012 Reserve Merlot (California)	Merlot	Fallbrook
US	"A dark-red color, aromas like dark chocolate, flavors recalling black cherry, and a dry rather than sweet taste make this a great wine for a special meal. It has layers of fruit, a bit of smoke, and lots of fine tannins that pile up for a rich mouthfeel and lingering finish."	Hybrid Red Organic Grapes	89	13	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Girasole 2013 Hybrid Red Organic Grapes Red (Mendocino)	Red Blend	Girasole
France	"This ripe, sweet wine is rich and full of dried and fresh fruit flavors. It is spicy, with a touch of spirit on the palate as well as bold black-plum fruit, dense tannins and a sweet aftertaste. Drink from 2017."	Le Cèdre Vintage	88	33	France Other	Vin de Liqueur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Cèdre 2012 Le Cèdre Vintage Malbec (Vin de Liqueur)	Malbec	Château du Cèdre
Argentina	"Oaky, smoky aromas are New World all the way. Heavily toasted and creamy on the palate, this hefty full-bodied Chardonnay tastes of wood resin, spiced apple and peach. Solid acidity keep this in line, while a lasting wave of toasty oak pushes the finish."	Bramare Marchiori Vineyard	90	46	Mendoza Province	Perdriel		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Cobos 2015 Bramare Marchiori Vineyard Chardonnay (Perdriel)	Chardonnay	Viña Cobos
Spain	"This single-vineyard Rioja always impresses through its impeccable balance, depth of aromas and richness. Aromas of jammy blackberry come with blueberry, orange peel, graham cracker and graphite. It's tight and mildly tannic, with pure boysenberry, cassis, roasted plum, charred spice and toast flavors. Coconut, vanilla and coffee flavors are on the front side of the finish. A beautiful wine that will be best from 2013–2016."	La Nieta	94	165	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viñedos de Paganos 2009 La Nieta  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Viñedos de Paganos
US	"This is another fantastic vintage of this Zinfandel, blended smaller amounts of Mourvèdre and Petite Sirah. It offers a wealth of soft, juicy milk chocolate and cherry pie character and is high in acidity and dusty tannin. A beautiful, memorable testament to what this variety can be."	Rocky Knoll	94	58	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Limerick Lane 2015 Rocky Knoll Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Limerick Lane
US	"A new offering from this partnership, this wine brings aromas of jasmine, lime and dried Nestea Ice Tea. It tingles the palate with lightly spritzy, off-dry lemon and peach flavors with a floral finish."		87	13	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Charles & Charles 2014 Riesling (Yakima Valley)	Riesling	Charles & Charles
US	"The winery rarely produces single-vineyard bubblies, so when they do, it's because their team believes in the bottling. And when you taste this 100% Chardonnay, you understand why. It's dry and rich in acidity, with yeasty lees and toast that frame gorgeous tangerine, Meyer lemon, lime and vanilla bean flavors. The mousse is ultrarefined, making it great for drinking now. This sparking wine could age until at least 2024, gradually losing effervescence and primary fruit but gaining in subtlety."	Tognetti Vineyard Brut	96	70	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Schramsberg 2009 Tognetti Vineyard Brut Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Schramsberg
US	"Luscious melon aromas, creamy fruit-tart flavors and a silky texture make a pleasing combination in this wonderfully soothing wine. A crisp core of lemon and apple flavors are surrounded by a layer of vanilla and hazelnut. The plus texture carries the flavors through a long finish."		90	32	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	The Tribe 2014 Chardonnay (Lodi)	Chardonnay	The Tribe
New Zealand	"This seems to be hurrying along its aging curve, showing a burnished gold color. It's smoky and intense, with citrusy fruit that's more like grapefruit than anything else, plus plenty of weight and bright acidity. Drink up."	Valhalla	87	30	Waiheke Island			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Man O' War 2009 Valhalla Chardonnay (Waiheke Island)	Chardonnay	Man O' War
US	"Juicy on the nose and palate, with loads of sweet peach and melon, this semidry Riesling is balanced by brisk lime-tinged acidity and crisp starfruit flavors that shine on the midpalate. Finishes on a pleasantly drying jasmine-tea note."		87	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Knapp 2010 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Knapp
US	"This wine is 62% Cabernet Sauvignon and 38% Cabernet Franc. Barrel aromas are at the fore, with baking spice, woodspice and clove in front of dark fruit and herb. The palate brings sweet, sappy fruit flavors, with plentiful licorice and game accents."	Artist Series #14	88	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Soos Creek 2014 Artist Series #14 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Soos Creek
US	"Sage and anise characterize the nose of this single-vineyard offering. On the palate, there is a distinct element of elderberry, a native fruit to the Central Coast, as well as the expected balance between slightly grippy tannins and a bright acidity."	Chorro Creek Vineyard	91	38	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Stephen Ross 2012 Chorro Creek Vineyard Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Stephen Ross
South Africa	"A pretty tropical fruit nose leads on this Sauvignon Blanc from a consistently good producer. On the palate, the lush fruit falls a little flat, but the wine has a simple and dependable character that makes for good everyday sipping. Crisp and with a touch of delicate fruit, it has character and charm."		85	12	Overberg			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Slowine 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Overberg)	Sauvignon Blanc	Slowine
US	"Simple and fruity, with jammy blackberry, cherry, cola and toffee flavors wrapped into smooth tannins. Comes from the warmer Happy Canyon region."	Vozelgang Vineyard	85	24	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Curtis 2006 Vozelgang Vineyard Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Curtis
US	"This opens immediately into a lush, varied, flavorful wine that's broadly fruity and generously endowed with toasty oak highlights. It's drinking beautifully already, but is also nicely structured for aging through 2022."	Bradshaw Vineyard	91	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Scott Cellars 2013 Bradshaw Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	J. Scott Cellars
South Africa	"The name of this wine doesn't lie; if you like mint, then this one's definitely for you! Gorgeous notes of fresh eucalyptus take center stage to the blackberry and boysenberry fruit backbone. The menthol continues on in the mouth, with a gripping and structured finish that tastes like Thin Mint crumbles."	Mint Haven	90	24	Simonsberg-Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Morgenhof 2009 Mint Haven Cabernet Sauvignon (Simonsberg-Stellenbosch)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Morgenhof
US	"This gorgeous, bold, almost thick-textured wine also brings finesse and a lingering finish. The aroma is smoky, toasty and earthy, then the desirably decadent flavors and creamy texture hit the mark, immediately filling the mouth with ripe pear, fig, toasted almond and grilled baguette impressions."	Reserve	92	27	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Concannon 2013 Reserve Chardonnay (Livermore Valley)	Chardonnay	Concannon
Chile	Minty oaky aromas of baking spices share space on the nose with earthy black plum and berry notes. This feels tannic and resiny while the oaky spicy berry flavors finish with force and drying tannins.	Gran Reserva	87	22	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alcance 2014 Gran Reserva Merlot (Maule Valley)	Merlot	Alcance
Spain	"Black cherry and berry jam aromas bring a touch of raisin as well. The palate is mostly fresh and zesty, with medium weight and intensity along with crisp red plum and raspberry flavors. Tight, mildly acidic and a bit toasty on the finish."	Viña Alarde	86	11	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Berberana 2009 Viña Alarde  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Berberana
US	"This wine is 80% Merlot and 20% Cabernet Sauvignon. Aromas of barrel spice, herb and green pepper are followed by abundant fruit and savory flavors. It leans pretty far into the green, especially for a wine that could be varietally labeled as Merlot."	Domenica	86	39	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	DiStefano 2013 Domenica Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	DiStefano
US	"This delicious, fruity, lightly sweet wine blends ripe berries and black cherries on a smooth, supple texture. A touch of lip-smacking tannin balances it out."	Artisan Collection Dark	87	9	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	HandCraft 2015 Artisan Collection Dark Red (California)	Red Blend	HandCraft
Portugal	"This is a warm, ripe and spicy wine. It is full of red fruits, black currant and soft tannins, with great acidity at the end. Drink now."	Monte das Servas Escolha	86	8	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade das Servas 2012 Monte das Servas Escolha Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade das Servas
France	"A slightly brooding nose suggests brambly fruit as well as freshness. The palate crunches with red and black cherry, imbued with a kind of boyish impish joy. This is disarmingly rustic, but also very, very unusual and utterly moreish in its singular and honest simplicity. Drying tannins coat the mouth while juicy tart freshness makes you want to take another sip. This is all about stormy, romantic wilderness. Beware, this might just steal your heart."	Burlenberg	93	36	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Marcel Deiss 2014 Burlenberg Red (Alsace)	Red Blend	Domaine Marcel Deiss
France	"Full of spice from wood aging and generous fruit, the wine is balanced and poised. It has a style to it, the Merlot perfumed with a touch of Cabernet Franc and made rich with its structure and density. The wine will age, and will be ready to drink from 2020."	Cuvée des Capucins	90	22	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château des Arnauds 2015 Cuvée des Capucins  (Lalande de Pomerol)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château des Arnauds
US	"Made in the richly extracted, super-oaky and sweetly soft style of modern Napa Cabs, this wine trades structure for sheer deliciousness. The flavors are wildly extravagant: blackberries, blueberries, cherries, pie crust, cola, exotic spices, smoke, graphite. But what the wine really needs is greater architecture and more definitive dryness. Drink now–2012."	The Knoll Vineyard	89	100	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Howell at the Moon 2007 The Knoll Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Howell at the Moon
Bulgaria	"This wine offers fragrances of vanilla, cherry and cherry cola. A fruity palate of cherry and black plums is backed by soft notes of vanilla and a core of satiny tannins."	Enira	90	15	Thracian Valley			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Bessa 2010 Enira Red (Thracian Valley)	Red Blend	Bessa
Argentina	"Soupy, saucy aromas are akin to tomato sauce. This is wide, chunky and struggling for textural balance. Stalky roasted plum flavors finish herbal, spicy and flabby in feel."	Viña Amalia Reserva Single Vineyard	84	19	Mendoza Province	Valle de Uco		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Carlos Basso 2011 Viña Amalia Reserva Single Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Valle de Uco)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Carlos Basso
US	"Concentrated cherry and plum aromas meet with iron, cinnamon and gingersnap on the nose of this single-vineyard wine. The flavors surpass the aromas in succulence—star anise, nutmeg and bay leaf seemingly wrapped in buttered pastry."	Graham Family Vineyard	94	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	August West 2015 Graham Family Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	August West
Argentina	"Spicy plum and candied oak aromas control the nose. The palate delivers a blend of raw acidity with buttery oak on top, while flavors of herbal plum and pepper are scratchy and finish herbal, spicy and low on fruit."		85	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tilia 2013 Merlot (Mendoza)	Merlot	Tilia
Portugal	"Produced from vines grown in a boulder and fossil strewn vineyard, this is a rich smoky wine. It has a deep color from the Alicante Bouschet in the blend, with firm tannins and dark juicy plum skin flavors. It's going to be a ripe rich wine as it develops. Drink from 2017."	Stones & Bones	90	13	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2013 Stones & Bones Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
Germany	"Bursts of yellow apple and grapefruit flavor are juicy and fresh in this easy-sipping Kabinett. Just a touch sweet and briskly composed, it's a pertly balanced wine for everyday enjoyment."	Kabinett	88	12	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Heinz Eifel 2015 Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Heinz Eifel
Germany	"A whiff of spice amidst freshly pressed apples and pears gives this bright, easy going Kabinett an autumnal feel. A swirl of honey enriches the midpalate, finishing with lemon-tea sweetness. Begin drinking now."	Mülheimer Sonnenlay Kabinett Feinherb	87	20	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Max Ferd. Richter 2014 Mülheimer Sonnenlay Kabinett Feinherb Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Max Ferd. Richter
US	"Dust, black cherries and a hint of tarragon arise on the nose of this wine from a small appellation in Monterey County. Char and turned black soil power the very dark palate, which also shows a bit of sagebrush and prominent tannins."		85	15	California	San Lucas	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lockwood 2013 Merlot (San Lucas)	Merlot	Lockwood
Spain	"Ripe, oaky, baked aromas of blackberry, coconut and graphite accurately set up a lush, sticky palate. This tastes candied and intensely ripe, with cassis and blackberry flavors that end with brown sugar and blueberry notes. Overall this blend of 60% Monastrell, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Syrah is overtly ripe and sweet tasting, but balanced. Drink now."	18 Meses	89	35	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juan Gil 2012 18 Meses Red (Jumilla)	Red Blend	Juan Gil
US	"This is a field blend from a great vineyard site in the heart of Sonoma Valley, aged in neutral oak and 40% whole cluster, unfined and unfiltered. Zinfandel, Mourvèdre, Mondeuse, Alicante Bouschet and other grapes make up the mix, providing an extracted, whole-cluster richness of flavor and body without reaching too far. Crisp black cherry, subtle white pepper and smoky tannin star."	Heritage Bedrock Vineyard	93	40	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wilde Farm Wines 2014 Heritage Bedrock Vineyard Red (Sonoma County)	Red Blend	Wilde Farm Wines
US	"A simple but satisfying Syrah, sweet and jammy in raspberry, cherry and blackberry fruit flavors, with lots of black pepper. Earns extra points for good tannins and balancing acidity."	Ambassador's Vineyard	86	22	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Curtis 2007 Ambassador's Vineyard Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Curtis
Argentina	"Grassy, herbal aromas rest on top of basic red-fruit notes. This feels choppy and hollow, with flavors of buttery oak, chemical and red currant. The raw hot finish doesn't have a lot of body or padding."	Valle Las Acequias	84	13	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luis Segundo Correas 2011 Valle Las Acequias Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Luis Segundo Correas
US	"Ripe and juicy, a tremendously flavorful wine with sunshine-filled blackberries, black cherries, plums, licorice and chocolate. The tannins are thick and sticky, like a good Cab should have. Drink now with a grilled steak."		86	15	California	Lake County				Pure 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pure
New Zealand	"This wine shows a fine balance between sweetness (74 g/L) and acidity, reminiscent of a spätlese style. Striking scents of crushed stone, beeswax and lime burst from the glass, while the flavors combine peach and citrus notes. The finish shines, marrying sugar and acid into a long, tongue-tingling finale."	Bannockburn	93	40	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Felton Road 2015 Bannockburn Riesling (Central Otago)	Riesling	Felton Road
US	"A light floral and toasty nose leads into this clean, slightly racy Chardonnay from New York. There's a touch of sweetness to the wine but it's balanced by good oak and an earthiness to the finish."	Unoaked	85	14	New York	Cayuga Lake	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Cayuga Ridge Estate NV Unoaked Chardonnay (Cayuga Lake)	Chardonnay	Cayuga Ridge Estate
US	"A good, ripely extracted Cabernet, and while it's a little one-dimensional, it has enough heft to accompany a good steak. Shows tannic flavors of blackberries, black currants and dark chocolate. Drink now."	Alexander School Reserve	87	40	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Alexander Valley Vineyards 2006 Alexander School Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alexander Valley Vineyards
US	"Champoux and Ciel du Cheval vineyards each make up 40% of this wine, with the balance coming from Gamache. It's locked-up tightly at present with earth, tar, cherry, high-toned herb and barrel-spice aromas leading to focused black-fruit flavors that display elegance and persistence. Give it time to open up."	Vineyard Select Reserve	90	50	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gamache 2012 Vineyard Select Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gamache
US	"This wine from the historic vineyard offers classic oaky aromas of smoke, butterscotch and salty roasted nuts. Smokiness lingers throughout the soft, excellently weighted palate that surrounds rich apple, nectarine and white peach flesh, with a citrus pith tension holding it together."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	91	40	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Summerland 2013 Bien Nacido Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Summerland
US	"This wine is a tad thin and stewy. Dull on the palate with only the slightest suggestion of fruit, it opts instead to celebrate a thicket of forested earth."		84	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ca' Momi 2014 Pinot Noir (Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ca' Momi
Italy	"Aromas of French oak, toast, red berry and dark culinary spice emerge in the glass. The bracing full-bodied palate mirrors the nose, evoking sour cherry, licorice, toast and clove set against austere close-grained tannins that clench the finish. Give the tannins a few more years to soften then drink to capture the remaining fruit."	Vigneto Poggio Doria	89	105	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenute Silvio Nardi 2012 Vigneto Poggio Doria  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Tenute Silvio Nardi
France	"Fresh and very crisp, this is a distinctive, fragrant wine. It has concentration, tight acidity, with apples and minerality. At the end, the wine is more floral, open and ripe. Drink after 2016."	Vieilles Vignes	88	17	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Marc Bernhard 2011 Vieilles Vignes Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Jean-Marc Bernhard
Chile	"Slightly strange aromas of horseradish, mustard, buttery oak and dried wood are more out front than fruit scents. This feels big, rugged and grabby, while saucy, herbal berry flavors play out on a tannic finish."	Reserve	86	16	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Patagonia 2014 Reserve Syrah (Maule Valley)	Syrah	Finca Patagonia
US	"This bottling comes from the best blocks and barrels from this single vineyard, co-owned by a number of Edna Valley luminaries. The result is stunning, with baked raspberry, strawberry, maple, and peppery bacon aromas comprising a spicy, exotic nose. Black plum fruit melds with white pepper and crushed herbs, diving into tangy strawberry and sandalwood incense notes on the finish."	Precious Stone Stone Corral Vineyard	95	62	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kynsi 2013 Precious Stone Stone Corral Vineyard Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kynsi
US	"The aromas are bright, with notes of melon, pear and herb. It drinks dry, with tart lemony flavors. The concentration doesn't seem all there."		86	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tamarack Cellars 2016 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Tamarack Cellars
Bulgaria	"At $8, this is a great find, and has the exotic Bulgarian label to boot. The nose is all lemon zest and spice, and on the palate there is a lively, minerally punch with soft citrus flavors layered over it. A lovely summer sipping wine, best paired with seafood and salads."		85	8	Bulgaria			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Targovishte 2006 Sauvignon Blanc (Bulgaria)	Sauvignon Blanc	Targovishte
Portugal	"A bright strawberry-flavored wine, this is fruity and fresh. It has crisp acidity to lift the fruit and a light pepper touch that adds interest and turns it into a fine food-friendly wine. It is ready to drink now."		85	11	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Alorna 2015 Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Quinta da Alorna
Italy	"Made from Merlot, Cabernet and Syrah, it has a soft but elegant palate. Fleshy black cherry, blackberry and spicy blueberry are accented with notes of white pepper and clove alongside smooth, silky tannins. Enjoy this soon."	Rosso	91	30	Tuscany	Bolgheri		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Macchiole 2011 Rosso  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Le Macchiole
US	"The winery's robust blend of Sangiovese, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon, some of which comes from Monte Rosso, is structured and surprisingly high-toned, offering herbal cherry, raspberry, cigar box and peppery spice. Aged in bottle for a while, it's enjoyable now and has the bones to get better; try after 2016."	Tesoro	92	49	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Muscardini 2010 Tesoro Red (Sonoma County)	Red Blend	Muscardini
France	"The Seze family has owned this estate since the 18th century, producing in 2009 a finely textured wine, one that has juicy black fruits and an elegant structure. It is a more structured take on the vintage, firm with dry tannins and acidity."		89	65	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Eyran 2009  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château d'Eyran
US	"Ripe notes of apricot and white currant are threaded together with a delicate scent of pineapple. The palate tastes nectarous yet zesty, thanks to the uplifting acidity that gives the wine some pizazz."	Soliterre Sweet Table Wine	86	20	Virginia	Virginia				White Hall 2011 Soliterre Sweet Table Wine White (Virginia)	White Blend	White Hall
US	"The new Mercer Canyons label gets off to a good start with this Chardonnay that's low in alcohol and clean. Bracing and leesy, this is definitely European in style, and it offers celery and melon flavors along with palate-refreshing minerality."		88	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mercer Canyons 2011 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Mercer Canyons
France	"A warm, opulent wine from the southernmost Grand Cru of Alsace. It has richness, ripe peach and pear fruits, a hint of maturity bringing out spice. There's a tang of orange giving freshness to this serious, complex wine. Drink now and until 2020"	Rangen de Thann Grand Cru Clos Saint-Théobald	91	60	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Schoffit 2010 Rangen de Thann Grand Cru Clos Saint-Théobald Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Schoffit
US	"A rare white Pinot Noir. It's heavy and full-bodied for a white wine, with pronounced strawberry and lime flavors, brightened by crisp acidity and a bracing minerality. It's a very good wine, if a little pricey."	Pinot Clair White	90	48	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Domaine Carneros 2009 Pinot Clair White Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Carneros
US	"From a winery started in 1973, this is an excellent Chardonnay. Vibrant almond and macadamia nut mesh with guava, peach and melon notes on the nose. A clean line of citrusy acidity dissects the palate, cutting into ripe stone fruit and touches of smoke and oak to yield a mouthwatering finish."	Estate Grown	91	35	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chamisal Vineyards 2015 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Chamisal Vineyards
US	"A musky, herbal element rises on the nose of this wine, a majority varietal, with small additions of Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. Dry and structured, it features soft waves of savory tobacco and tea leaf around crisp cherry and clove."		90	36	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tin Barn 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tin Barn
Spain	"Really nice and lush, with an aromatic mix of tobacco, baked fruit, mocha, vanilla, shoe polish, earth and more. It displays a ripe, friendly feel and yummy flavors of mocha, chocolate and savory, subtle berry fruits. Layered on the finish, with lasting notes of fig, mocha and blackberry. Drink now through 2012."	Expression	92	59	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alidis 2005 Expression  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Alidis
Chile	"This Elqui SB smells about as neutral as you'll come across, with a hint of burnt grass to the nose. Oily and dense in feel, this tastes of salt and bitter dried melon."		86	15	Elqui Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mayu 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Elqui Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mayu
US	"If you're looking for a rich, delightful, full-bodied red wine to drink now, try this Merlot. It's upfront in red cherry, currant, cola, mocha and spice flavors, wrapped into soft, fine tannins. A blend of fruit from some of Napa Valley's best vineyards."		90	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Merryvale 2009 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Merryvale
France	"This small Premier Cru vineyard is wholly owned by the Devillard family. It is a rich wine, boasting layers of beautiful jammy red fruits and just the lightest touch of wood. Tannins are there, forming a core that will stand the wine in good stead as it ages. Drink from 2023."	Château de Chamirey Clos des Ruelles Premier Cru	93	50	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2015 Château de Chamirey Clos des Ruelles Premier Cru  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Domaines Devillard
US	"This opens bearing scents suggesting banana and tropical fruit, with an oily character. On the palate, the flavor veers toward sour apple, with tart acids. The finish brings in a lick of butter, but at the moment it doesn't quite come together. This may benefit from more bottle age."	Lia's Vineyard Jory Slope	86	24	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Longplay 2010 Lia's Vineyard Jory Slope Chardonnay (Chehalem Mountains)	Chardonnay	Longplay
US	"Soft, fruity and alcoholic, this Syrah tastes like a melted dessert pastry made of blackberry jam, chocolate-covered raisins, licorice and dark honey. While the tannins are beautiful, the wine feels hot and overripe."	Lock Vineyard	84	45	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Kaleidos 2008 Lock Vineyard Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Kaleidos
US	"A simple Zinfandel, with sweet, spicy pie filling berry and cherry flavors. It has some extra features of minerality that are interesting, but it's still fundamentally one-dimensional."	Ellie's Old Vine	83	34	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Wilson 2009 Ellie's Old Vine Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Wilson
Italy	"Iris, rose petal, fresh red berry and chopped mint aromas mingle together on this stunning red. The vibrant palate delivers crushed raspberry, red cherry, baking spice and star anise. Firm polished tannins provide structure and impeccable balance. Drink 2018–2028."	Reyna	93	42	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Michele Chiarlo 2013 Reyna  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Michele Chiarlo
Italy	"This is a classically crafted wine made by one of Montepulciano's most historic estates. It has an alluring bouquet of violet, rose petal, cassis and nutmeg. The palate delivers an intense wild-cherry flavor layered with white pepper and cinnamon, all impeccably balanced by firm tannins and vibrant acidity. Caffo Beverages Inc, Kiwi Distributing."		94	29	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Contucci 2009  Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Contucci
US	"This is a big, powerful young Pinot Noir, rich in ripe fruit. It's solidly Californian, but with its silky texture, racy acidity and overall balance, retains elegance. Delicious now for its cherry, raspberry, cola, pomegranate, vanilla and cinnamon flavors, but should develop through 2013."	Dutton Ranch Manzana Vineyard	93	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Dutton Estate 2007 Dutton Ranch Manzana Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dutton Estate
US	"Intensely oaky, buttery and creamy, this lush style also shows ample acidity, keeping the richness in check. It's big and borderline blowsy, but packed with flavor."	Grand Estates	88	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2012 Grand Estates Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Columbia Crest
US	"This is a softly layered wine with just the right amount of tension to give credence to a lifted minerality, accented by well-crafted clove and baked strawberry. The finish is spicy in more clove and nutmeg."	Pluto's Fury	88	36	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Geyser Peak 2013 Pluto's Fury Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Geyser Peak
US	"Bone dry and earthy, this Cab shows modest flavors of blackberries, currants and mocha. It's a clean, affordable wine that's good for an everyday red."	Keyes Canyon Ranches	85	15	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Estancia 2006 Keyes Canyon Ranches Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Estancia
US	"Round and lush, this offers soft layers of vanilla, French toast and tarte Tatin. Expansive on the palate, it maintains acidity and a freshness that keeps it inviting in the glass, concocting appealing aromas of lemon chiffon."	Reserve	92	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Cordon 2012 Reserve Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Black Cordon
Italy	"This savory red boasts star anise, blue flower, new leather, red berry and eucalyptus aromas. On the palate, expect Marasca cherry, cranberry, cinnamon and clove flavors set against firm tannins and racy acidity."		90	55	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Salvano 2014  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Salvano
Spain	"Initial aromas of wet cement, black cherry and cassis grow more rubbery, reduced and animal-driven the longer this Syrah sits around. Bright, fresh and fiercely tannic, this deals dark-berry flavors, peppery spice and raw oak on top of dry, herbal notes. Oaky but not overly charred or pushy on the finish."	Parvus	87	24	Catalonia	Alella		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Alella 2012 Parvus Syrah (Alella)	Syrah	Alta Alella
France	Marie-Amélie is the daughter of the Henriets and her cuvée is a fine blend of ripe fruits from the difficult 2010 vintage. It has a crisp element as well as fresh acidity and delicious apple juice and ripe pear flavors. A crisper element gives a balanced wine that has soft acidity at the end.	Marie-Amélie Fleur de Vigne Premier Cru Brut	92	87	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henriet-Bazin 2010 Marie-Amélie Fleur de Vigne Premier Cru Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Henriet-Bazin
US	"The reserve seems to have spent more time in barrel, bearing a chocolatey finish, but otherwise it is quite similar to the Marryhill's regular Sangiovese. Slightly higher alcohol makes for a bit more concentration of the strawberry fruit, but the herbal, peppery bite is still there in the finish."	Proprietor's Reserve	86	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Maryhill 2009 Proprietor's Reserve Sangiovese (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Maryhill
France	"A bit anonymous, but for a big-production négoce blend from a difficult vintage, you could do a lot worse. Plums and black cherries predominate, but tinges of cinnamon and earth peek through. Tannins are soft; drink now."		87	25	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Clerget 2008 Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Clerget
France	"A wine that is rich in both tannins and ripe fruit. The 45% Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend gives the concentration of the wine, with spice and black berry fruits that are given an extra richness by the intense dark plums. The wine needs aging, so drink from 2018."		91	24	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut-Logat 2010  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut-Logat
US	"This very appealing wine smells like a Danish pastry but then turns nicely dry on the palate, gushing with crisp apple, ripe Bosc pear and toasted-baguette flavors. Made from Sémillon and Sauvignon Blanc grapes, it's medium bodied, complex and well balanced."	Reserve Assemblage Blanc	90	26	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Concannon 2015 Reserve Assemblage Blanc White (Livermore Valley)	White Blend	Concannon
Chile	"This mild Sauvignon Blanc offers simple citrus and passion fruit aromas in front of an oily-feeling, pulpy palate. Flavors of vinaigrette, cactus and grapefruit finish with mealy lemon and orange notes."		82	10	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Misiones de Rengo 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Misiones de Rengo
US	"A portion of the Cabernet Sauvignon is sourced from vines planted in 1973, with additions of 10% Petit Verdot and 8% Merlot. It's an exceptionally fine-tuned blend, with pinpoint fruit flavors, sappy acids and complementary barrel notes. The classic structure, which is the hallmark of all Betz wines, suggests a long life ahead."	Père de Famille	96	65	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Betz Family 2009 Père de Famille Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Betz Family
US	"This shows real Chardonnay character with its pure, crisp essence of lime and orange that marks this smoky, slightly sweet bubbly. It's a little rough around the edges, but fine for drinking now."	Reserve Blanc de Blancs	87	30	California	Sonoma-Napa	Napa-Sonoma			Chandon NV Reserve Blanc de Blancs Sparkling (Sonoma-Napa)	Sparkling Blend	Chandon
US	"Lots of flamboyant blackberry, cherry, raspberry, blueberry and plum fruit flavors in this wine. Almost too much of a good thing. So ripe and opulent, its other qualities, including wonderful tannin structure, seem overshadowed. Difficult to predict where it's going, but right now, it's an orchard in a bottle."	Beckstoffer To Kalon Vineyard	89	135	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Janzen 2008 Beckstoffer To Kalon Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Janzen
Spain	"The nose on this blend of Gewurztraminer and Macabeo defines neutral; it's clean but shows little more than a whiff of apple. The palate is fresh and quick moving, with mild peach, pear, apple and melon flavors that culminate in a solid finish that's not very exciting but doesn't stray."	Treyu	88	16	Northern Spain	Empordà		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Oliver Conti 2011 Treyu White (Empordà)	White Blend	Oliver Conti
US	"Like most Washington Sangiovese, a bit nondescript. You won't mistake it for Chianti, but it doesn't have the ripe strawberry and tobacco punch of the best versions from this state. It's light, herbal, and has gentle tannins with suggestions of cracker and grain."		86	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Zerba Cellars 2006 Sangiovese (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Zerba Cellars
US	"Medium-salmon in color, this sparkling rosé made from Marechal Foch offers raspberry and strawberry flavors and aromas, with a slightly toasted character. Creamy, nutty notes take over on the finish."	Heirloom Sparkling Rosé	84	40	Illinois	Illinois		Alexander Peartree		Illinois Sparkling Co. NV Heirloom Sparkling Rosé Sparkling (Illinois)	Sparkling Blend	Illinois Sparkling Co.
US	"A whiff of clover jumps from the glass, then this dark, juicy wine rips into a dense cassis flavor. Ripe and sappy, it has just the right touch of new oak layered onto the finish."	Stillwater Creek Vineyard	89	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Novelty Hill 2009 Stillwater Creek Vineyard Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Novelty Hill
US	"This is a simple Merlot, but it's dry in style with tart sour-cherry flavors."		82	8	California	California	California Other			Round Hill 2011 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Round Hill
France	"This wine is dry, dominated by the new-wood flavors and toasty character that hide any fruit. The lean structure will probably remain. The property is owned by the Kressmann family."		86	30	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Latour-Martillac 2013  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Latour-Martillac
US	"This wine is just what a Sonoma Valley Cabernet should be. It's softly tannic and likeable now, with rich, ripe blackberry, black currant, blueberry and oak flavors. Shows real elegance as well as structural integrity."		89	40	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Gundlach Bundschu 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gundlach Bundschu
Chile	"Ripe, jammy blueberry and blackberry aromas come with a hint of graphite and sweet-smelling oak. This is choppy and edgy in feel, with coconut, blackberry and tart, drawing flavors."	Reserva	86	14	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Calcu 2012 Reserva Malbec (Colchagua Valley)	Malbec	Calcu
US	"This very dry Cabernet feels rugged and gritty in the mouth, with too much acidity that lends bite. The austerity is relieved by black cherry and sweet tobacco flavors. Drink up."	Madrone Ridge Vineyard	85	39	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Muscardini 2009 Madrone Ridge Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Muscardini
Italy	"Aromas of raisin, vanilla, nutmeg, peppermint and a whiff of resin lead the nose of this blend of 70% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Cabernet Franc and 10% Merlot. The easy-drinking palate delivers crushed black cherries, black currants, clove and chocolate covered mint alongside supple tannins."	Moro	88	21	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Montellori 2011 Moro Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Fattoria Montellori
US	"Bright and spicy, this is Pinot Gris with a bit of the grassy bite of a Loire Valley Sauvignon Blanc. Racy and loaded with grapefruit and pineapple flavors, this lingers lazily through a refreshing, acid-driven finish that invites further sipping."	Croft Vineyard	92	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Arbor Brook 2009 Croft Vineyard Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Arbor Brook
Portugal	"A powerful, tannic wine, very dry and firm. Underneath the dry exterior, there are great fruits waiting to fully express themselves. It will always be a structured wine, the black fruits a serious component along with the spice from wood aging. Keep for 4–5 more years."	Reserva	89	19	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de São Sebastião 2009 Reserva Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de São Sebastião
New Zealand	"Typical passion fruit and gooseberry aromas turn tropical and almost rich on the palate. This is weightier than many Sauvignons, lushly ripe and maybe even a touch sweet—serve it well chilled for best effect."	Regional Collection	85	14	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Nobilo 2010 Regional Collection Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Nobilo
US	Dark toast and savory dried herbs persist from nose to finish on this barrel-fermented barrel-aged Chardonnay. Zesty lemon and green-apple notes on the midpalate are delicate in concentration but elegant and refreshing.	Kaiser Vineyard Reserve	87	15	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fox Run 2014 Kaiser Vineyard Reserve Chardonnay (Seneca Lake)	Chardonnay	Fox Run
US	"This is a Zin for lovers of big, ripe to overripe, tannic, high-alcohol interpretations of the variety. Made from very old vines, the flavors are mainly of raisins, with complexities of oak, balsam and peppery spices."	Reserve Pagani Vineyard	86	38	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			St. Francis 2004 Reserve Pagani Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	St. Francis
Italy	"This Sangiovese from the far away 2005 vintage shows aged aromas of spice, candied fruit and polished mineral. It's bright in the mouth in terms of acidity, but not much fresh fruit is left."	Rubbia al Colle Drumo	83	15	Tuscany	Toscana				Fratelli Muratori 2005 Rubbia al Colle Drumo Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Fratelli Muratori
US	"Aromatically appealing, it features notes of allspice, herbs, cola and cherry. The palate is lighter in style with a scrape-y feel, not fully delivering on all that the aromas have to offer."		86	15	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Windy Bay 2012 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Windy Bay
France	"This wine is smooth, ripe with fine tannins and red plum and black-currant fruits that are soft and gentle. Acidity dominates at this stage, supported by the tannins. It brings out the fruit and freshness of the year while also keeping some structure from the high percentage of Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend. Drink from 2025."		95	395	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Margaux 2013  Margaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Margaux
Italy	"Oak, coconut, toasted nut, porcini mushroom, steeped prune and dried sage aromas lead the nose on this robust wine. The warm, one-dimensional palate offers dried berry, raisin, vanilla, anise, oak-driven spice and mocha framed in velvety tannins. The heat of alcohol marks the close."		87	55	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ferrero 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Ferrero
New Zealand	"Passion fruit and green onion aromas give a zesty impression even before tasting. On the palate, there's more passion fruit, underscored by underripe pineapple, a long, citrusy finish and a dry, slightly chalky texture."		89	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Nautilus 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Nautilus
Italy	Simple black cherry and earth flavors in a medium-weight wine that finishes with more than a hint of citrus.		84	10	Tuscany	Chianti Superiore				Piccini 2001  Chianti Superiore	Sangiovese	Piccini
US	"Made from Syrah and Grenache grown in four Monterey vineyards, this is quite a nice red wine for drinking with roasts. It's fresh and dry, with berry, tobacco and spice flavors. Ready now."	Cotes du Crow's	87	18	California	Monterey	Central Coast			Morgan 2009 Cotes du Crow's Red (Monterey)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Morgan
US	"Honey-roasted almonds, seared lemon vinaigrette and honeydew melon show on the delicious nose of this off-dry wine from an extreme coastal vineyard above Cambria. Though slightly sweet, it remains rich and intriguing, with lots of citrus peel, grapefruit pith, squeezed oranges and touches of petrol."	Riven Rock Vineyard	91	28	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cutruzzola 2012 Riven Rock Vineyard Riesling (San Luis Obispo County)	Riesling	Cutruzzola
Italy	"Here's a delicious and well-balanced ripasso that combines the freshness of Valpolicella with the structure of Amarone. It has lingering aromas of blackberry, licorice and graphite, with a whiff of moist earth. The palate delivers plum, prune, carob and nutmeg flavors, along with polished tannins and fresh acidity."		90	17	Veneto	Valpolicella Classico Superiore Ripasso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	David Sterza 2011  Valpolicella Classico Superiore Ripasso	Red Blend	David Sterza
US	"This soft, gentle Cabernet doesn't have much structure, but it's rich in blackberry, currant and dark chocolate flavors, and thoroughly dry. The finish is hot like a jalapeño pepper."	Reserve	86	80	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Bacio Divino 2009 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bacio Divino
US	"A five-grape Bordeaux blend dominated by Merlot and Cab Franc, this is a deft mix of grapes nicely melded into a complete and satisfying wine. It's anchored by black cherry and cassis fruit, supple and focused. Surrounding that core fruit are layers of smoke, black olive, pencil lead and coffee grounds. It resonates gracefully through a long finish."	Ursa	93	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Baer 2007 Ursa Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Baer
US	"Merlot (53%) makes up the majority of this wine, followed by Cabernet Franc (31%), with the balance being other Bordeaux varieties. It shows whiffs of reduction out of the gate which are followed by aromas of blackberry and spice. The palate brings a mouthful of black-fruit flavors backed by lightly dry grainy tannins. Black and purple-fruit flavors persist on the finish."		89	25	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Nelms Road 2015 Red (Washington)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Nelms Road
Italy	"The Lamborghini family makes some of the best wines you'll find from Umbria and this juicy, rich and beautifully extracted blend of Cabernet, Sangiovese and Montepulciano is a prime example. The wine is succulent and attractive on all levels and its aromas of red fruit, plum, roasted nut and spice are very inviting indeed. It's a powerful wine, that ends on a bright, menthol-driven finish."	Torami	90	35	Central Italy	Umbria				Lamborghini 2004 Torami Red (Umbria)	Red Blend	Lamborghini
France	"When T-L gets the mix of fruit and oak right, the wines can be deliciously hedonistic. This is a beautiful mix of cedar, vanilla and chocolate with bright boysenberry fruit, wrapped in a richly velvety texture and lingering elegantly on the finish. Drink 2012–2020."	Vieilles Vignes	91	35	Rhône Valley	Crozes-Hermitage		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Tardieu-Laurent 2008 Vieilles Vignes  (Crozes-Hermitage)	Syrah	Tardieu-Laurent
France	"Firm, dark and finely tannic, this has weight and richness, with a severity that dominates the fruitiness. It's dry and tough, and it's aging potential is questionable."		85	24	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Castera 2010  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Castera
US	"A steely mouthfeel and tight lemon and herb flavors make this full-bodied wine refreshing, dry and reserved. It will make a good accompaniment to shellfish or pasta."		86	18	California	Potter Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Paul Dolan 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Potter Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Paul Dolan
Italy	"This blend of Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot features a dark ruby color and balanced aromas of black fruit, leather, spice and rum cake. It's fresh and fruity in the mouth, with just the right measure of concentration to pair with lasagna."	Aureo	87	55	Tuscany	Rosso di Toscana				Fattoria la Castellina 2008 Aureo Red (Rosso di Toscana)	Red Blend	Fattoria la Castellina
Spain	"This wine is raisiny on the front end, heavy and prune-driven in the middle, and even more raisiny on the finish. Overripe in style with 60% Garnacha and 40% Tempranillo."	Propiedad	82	45	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Palacios Remondo 2008 Propiedad  (Rioja)	Red Blend	Palacios Remondo
US	"Grown in Rutherford, this 100% Cab may strike some as old-fashioned. It's bone dry, firm in acids and tannins, and the grapes evidently were not left on the vines until they were partially shrivelled. You can tell, because there's an earthy, green olive edge to the blackberry fruit flavors. But that's what makes this wine so fine and food-friendly."	La Sonrisa del Tecolote	91	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Charles Creek 2004 La Sonrisa del Tecolote Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Charles Creek
France	"Wonderfully mellow and lifted flavors of ripe, aromatic apple rise from the glass. The same pure apple notes also play on the palate where they are pervaded by a zesty lifting freshness. This is precise and bone-dry, but the full expression of the tangy apple fruit gives this great richness and an clean finish."	Wineck-Schlossberg Grand Cru	92	34	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Jean-Marc Bernhard 2014 Wineck-Schlossberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Jean-Marc Bernhard
France	This is an obviously wood-aged wine with plenty of toast flavors. This wood aging has flattened the fruit giving a wine that is soft with few tannins. It is ready to drink.		84	30	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Laffitte Laujac 2012  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Laffitte Laujac
Italy	"Aromas of espresso, tar, oak extract, grilled red pepper and spiced plum lead the nose. The extracted palate offers dried black cherry, anisette and graphite alongside astringent tannins and the evident warmth of alcohol."	Riserva	87	30	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria della Talosa 2010 Riserva  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Fattoria della Talosa
US	"This Cabernet Sauvignon-centric blend includes all six Bordeaux varieties. It has sweet, ripe notes of fresh dark cherries, herbs and chocolate drizzled with butter backed by slightly dry tannins."	Destiny Estate Grown Destiny Ridge Vineyards	88	45	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Alexandria Nicole 2010 Destiny Estate Grown Destiny Ridge Vineyards Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Alexandria Nicole
Italy	"This delivers aromas of oak, espresso and roasted coffee bean that carry over to the palate along with notes of dill and parsley. It lacks fruit richness and has astringent wood tannins that leave a mouth-drying finish."		85	22	Piedmont	Langhe		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Parusso 2012 Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Parusso
US	"This tastes soft and sweet, with citrus, green apple and apricot flavors. It's an easy wine to drink with slightly-sweet southeast Asian fare."	Top Chef	84	18	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Quickfire 2010 Top Chef Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	Quickfire
US	"Slightly spritzy and slightly sweet, this ready-to-drink Chardonnay has a soft entry that hints at oxidation. Perfectly pleasant for everyday drinking, it will show best if chilled."	Linen	85	10	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bergevin Lane 2009 Linen Chardonnay (Wahluke Slope)	Chardonnay	Bergevin Lane
Chile	"Aromas of citrus peel, rubber, spice, and iodine lead to a tight, drawing but full-feeling palate. This tastes herbal, spicy and oaky, with carob accenting black fruit and berry flavors. A minty, oaky, resiny finish closes this out."	Alcaparral	88	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ritual 2013 Alcaparral Syrah (Casablanca Valley)	Syrah	Ritual
US	"Fragrant, with scents and flavors of pears and orange blossoms. This wine has 1.8% residual sugar, which qualifies it as off-dry, but it is still quite suitable for a wide range of foods, especially spicy Asian dishes. Full, fleshy and well-made, it delivers plenty of fresh fruit flavor with enough spice and acid to give a lift to the finish."		88	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Seven Hills 2001 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Seven Hills
Italy	"This is an easygoing Chardonnay-based sparkling wine (made in the classic method in which secondary fermentation occurs in the bottle) with pristine aromas of mature fruit and a touch of freshly baked bread. The quality of the effervescence is steady, creamy and tonic."	Brut 25	89	26	Lombardy	Franciacorta				Fratelli Berlucchi NV Brut 25 Chardonnay (Franciacorta)	Chardonnay	Fratelli Berlucchi
Spain	"Off the bat, this smells of minerals, vitamins and iodine, but with airing plum and blackberry aromas arise. The wine has snappy acidity but soft edges and mild tannins. Flavors of cola, baking spices and black fruits finish wide and easy, with a dusting of pepper. Drink now."	Reserva	88	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Conde de Altava 2007 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Conde de Altava
Germany	"Dusty mineral and herb tones lend complexity to the plush, sunny peach and apricot in this bristling semidry Riesling. It's juicy and plump yet revitalizing and fresh, marked by tangerine acidity and a lacy fringe of sugar that lingers on the finish. Drink now through 2025."	Apollo Feinherb	91	25	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Von Schleinitz 2016 Apollo Feinherb Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Von Schleinitz
US	"Cherry and mocha on the nose start this wine nicely, and the flavors to follow—cherry, pepper, spice—are balanced and elegant. The tannins are somewhat aggressive and need time to soften. Give the wine 2–5 years and watch it unfold."	Keuka Hill Reserve Red Table Wine	84	23	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Shaw NV Keuka Hill Reserve Red Table Wine Red (Finger Lakes)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Shaw
US	"A plump but graceful wine, brimming with sour plum and cherry flavors. Finishes tart and lemony, but with coffee and chocolate accents as well. It's slow out of the blocks, so give it a brisk decanting prior to serving."		85	45	California	Chalone	Central Coast			Michaud 2000 Pinot Noir (Chalone)	Pinot Noir	Michaud
US	"Fully ripe fruit flavors are accented by light toast and spice notes in this full-bodied and extremely smooth-textured wine. Dense ripe blackberry and dark chocolate flavors seem to coat the palate, and moderate tannins provide good grip."	Shirtail Ranches	89	19	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Hess 2015 Shirtail Ranches Cabernet Sauvignon (North Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hess
US	"Dried black cherry, shaved chocolate and dried herb aromas show on the nose of this bottling from a producer based in Marietta, Georgia. Fat flavors of cocoa and black cherry mousse make for a compelling sip."	Doctor's Vineyard	88	57	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Séamus Wines 2014 Doctor's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Séamus Wines
Chile	"Lightly herbal berry fruit aromas are nothing you haven't seen before. In the mouth, this Cabernet is choppy and showing bold acidity. Flavors of plum and currant are racy and a touch spicy, while this is scouring on the finish."	Grande Réserve	87	17	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Château Los Boldos 2015 Grande Réserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Cachapoal Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Château Los Boldos
US	"Pristine black cherry and plum flavors are layered in swathes of savory dried herbs, char and coffee on this bold, big-bodied red. Juicy red-fruit flavors are unabashedly forward on the palate, but reined in with a shower of revitalizing acidity. It finishes with soft tannins."	Sidor Reserve	88	34	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Jamesport 2007 Sidor Reserve Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Red Blend	Jamesport
South Africa	"Dainty and nuanced, this crisp citrus-driven Chard offers background notes of almond skin and pear to flesh out the mouth. Lively and somewhat prickly acidity dances on the tongue through the mouthwatering close. Drink now."	Unoaked	86	15	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Jardin 2010 Unoaked Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Jardin
Italy	"A fifty-fifty blend of Nero d'Avola and Merlot, this polished wine opens with scents of ripe plum, blackcurrant and exotic spice. The round, creamy palate offers juicy blackberry, wild cherry, white pepper and licorice accompanied by silky, smooth tannins."	Triskelè	89	40	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Duca di Salaparuta 2012 Triskelè Red (Terre Siciliane)	Red Blend	Duca di Salaparuta
US	"A beautifully rich and rewarding expression of tropical fruit and creamy texture, this estate white spends nine months in large French oak casks and is selected from the best lots. Supporting acidity keeps it refreshing in waves of lime and grapefruit."	Essence Miljenko's Selection Estate Grown	92	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Grgich Hills 2015 Essence Miljenko's Selection Estate Grown Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Grgich Hills
US	"Bruised apple notes scent this dry-style Riesling. The palate exhibits glimpses of fresh apple and pear flavors, but there's a savory, earthy tone throughout. Bristling acidity lingers on the finish."	Dry	83	13	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fulkerson 2012 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Fulkerson
Italy	"This opens with aromas of scorched earth, cooked black-skinned fruit and a funky whiff of barnyard. The aromas carry over to the palate along with notes of prune, overripe black fruit and green sensations that recall powdered sage. It's on the rustic side, while raspy tannins lend it an astringent finish."	Jassarte	85	60	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Guado al Melo 2011 Jassarte Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Guado al Melo
Germany	"Earth and bramble notes intensify the savory, mineral character of this dry, spry Riesling. Lemon and lime revitalize the midpalate and lead a zesty finish. Drink now."	Estate Dry	86	15	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Heinz Eifel 2013 Estate Dry Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Heinz Eifel
US	"Simple and slightly sweet, this has flavors of raspberry, sour cherry candy and mint."		82	12	California	California	California Other			Cambridge & Sunset 2010 Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Cambridge & Sunset
US	"A little prune, cherry and tobacco mix on the nose with some leafiness, creating a bouquet similar to Bordeaux. Black cherry and licorice are the predominant flavors, and in the end game there's a subdued coffee-tinged, reserved character to it."	SLD	89	45	California	Stags Leap District	Napa			Robert Mondavi 1997 SLD Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Robert Mondavi
US	"This wine seems disjointed at present with notes of green herbs, leather, cherry and orange peel. The cherry flavors have good density and richness along with tart acidity but the dry, scratchy tannins distract. Give it extended time in the bottle or a very long decant."	Reserve	88	90	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ded.Reckoning 2010 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Yakima Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ded.Reckoning
US	"Like your Zins on the lush, ripe side? This one has sugary flavors of raspberries, vanilla, cinnamon and toasted almonds, like a granola candy bar."		82	29	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Roadhouse Winery 2011 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Roadhouse Winery
US	"Dijon and Pommard clones blend gracefully here, pushing sweet cherry fruit and baking spices into the flavor center. A touch of fresh-baked pie crust lingers also, and this easy-drinking cuvée should be enjoyed now through 2020."	Tualatin Estate	90	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Willamette Valley Vineyards 2014 Tualatin Estate Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Willamette Valley Vineyards
Portugal	"This rich and fruity wine shows the natural richness of the Douro, with dense and firm tannins that will allow the wine to age. Black plum fruits are powerful and concentrated, giving fruit and acidity. It needs to age for several years, don't drink before 2017."	Quinta da Fronteira Grande Escolha	92	69	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Companhia das Quintas 2011 Quinta da Fronteira Grande Escolha Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Companhia das Quintas
US	"Made from 60% Chardonnay and 40% Pinot Noir grapes, this sparkling wine features a thick mousse and high-tuned acidity, textured in a yeasty character and tart apple. The finish is clean and crisp."	Brut	87	25	California	North Coast	North Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Breathless NV Brut Sparkling (North Coast)	Sparkling Blend	Breathless
Australia	"Made in a lighter, more delicate style than many of its brethren, this is nevertheless fresh and flavorful. Pear, melon and white peach notes are framed by hints of toasted brioche, which takes on a slightly mocha-like character on the finish."		88	35	Victoria	Yarra Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Yeringberg 2013 Chardonnay (Yarra Valley)	Chardonnay	Yeringberg
US	"Very ripe and flashy, but a little too sweet. Shows sugary raspberry and cherry jam flavors, with lots of zippy acidity."		86	32	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Rusack 2009 Sangiovese (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sangiovese	Rusack
US	"Not much going on in this soft, direct Chardonnay, besides sweet oak, with its buttered toast, vanilla and butterscotch flavors. Way underneath is pineapple and lemondrop fruit."		85	32	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Frank Family 2010 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Frank Family
France	"Some barrel aging has given this wine, with its already ripe fruits, extra richness. It is spicy, lifted by juicy acidity from the black cherries and plums. This is a full, warm and ripe wine that is just now ready to drink."	Côte de Reigny	89	23	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Sautereau 2014 Côte de Reigny  (Sancerre)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Sautereau
Germany	"Punchy and forward, this fruity concoction offers loads of ripe pineapple, peach and citrus flavors. It's slightly off dry and straightforward in style but neatly balanced. Sharp lemon-lime acidity lends a pleasantly zesty kick to the finish."	1735	89	20	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Villa Huesgen 2015 1735 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Villa Huesgen
US	"Right up there with last year's bottling, this Grenache Blanc-Sauvignon Blanc blend is unoaked, offering pure flavors of terroir-inspired fruit. High acidity backs up the lemongrass, pineapple, peach and honeysuckle flavors that finish so dry and spicy."	Uno Mas	90	22	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Brander 2006 Uno Mas White (Santa Ynez Valley)	White Blend	Brander
US	"Quite firm and focused, with a dominating scent of cut tobacco. The black cherry fruit is set against juicy acids, and rolls into a finish with streaks of licorice and more of that cut tobacco flavor."	H3	87	15	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2008 H3 Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Columbia Crest
France	"Cherry, plum and earth aromas lead into a tart, lean palate that struggles to offer more than a modicum of cherry and cassis flavors. The finish is sweet and spicy, which makes for an odd, not terribly appealing combination."	Reserve St. Martin	82	8	Languedoc-Roussillon	Languedoc		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Val d'Orbieu 2001 Reserve St. Martin Cabernet Sauvignon (Languedoc)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Val d'Orbieu
US	"This is an impressive effort, especially at the price, which is kind of unheard of in these parts. Softened by 9% Merlot, it's rich and full-bodied without ever overdoing it, opaque in color with a nose of baked bread and flavors of raspberry and black currant. It's food-ready."		90	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Buehler 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Buehler
US	"A simple, diluted and somewhat intensely ripe white, this is youthful, still tense and one-dimensional."		83	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Havens 2014 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Havens
US	"The aromas seem a bit muddled. The palate brings reserved blue-fruit flavors, with peanut shell notes on the finish."		88	19	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Silver Totem 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Silver Totem
US	"Red plum, white sage, graphite and iron combine for a well-defined nose on this bottling from an iconic vineyard in the region. Winemaker Aaron Walker walks the line between depth and lightness on the palate, where light cranberry fruit pairs with smoked meat, oregano and marjoram seasonings."	Rancho la Vina Vineyard	94	58	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pali 2014 Rancho la Vina Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Pali
US	"A juicy, jammy, alcoholic style, tannic and young. This is gutsy, high-toned wine, with fat, extracted fruit. Very dry tannins, good balance. This wine needs time; it's a very different style from the other Claudia Springs Zins. But it shows the same attention to detail, intense fruit, and stylish, sensitive winemaking."	Rhodes Vineyard	93	24	California	Redwood Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Claudia Springs 1998 Rhodes Vineyard Zinfandel (Redwood Valley)	Zinfandel	Claudia Springs
US	"This is smooth as silk—supple and soft, with pretty cherry fruit and highlights of cocoa powder and coffee grounds. It's a professionally built wine all the way, made for easy enjoyment, with satiny tannins and a touch of anise."		89	30	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	La Crema 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	La Crema
US	"A true cuvée, this wine combines 55% Merlot with 20% Cabernet Sauvignon, 13% Cabernet Franc, 9% Petit Verdot and 3% Malbec. Pretty and floral on the nose, it offers red cherry and strawberry alongside high-toned cranberry, finishing piquantly racy in acidity and smooth."	Cuvée Judy Ann	90	75	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Spoto 2012 Cuvée Judy Ann Red (Oakville)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Spoto
US	"This vintage of the winery's Sauvignon Blanc doesn't reflect the tropicality that's started to define the region. It has more warmth to the nose than the grassy pungency common elsewhere, but the stronger differences are on the palate, with cooked apple, squeezed lemon and a brisk acidity, though not a particularly long finish. Altogether, this is a mellow, subdued wine."		87	21	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Happy Canyon Vineyard 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Happy Canyon Vineyard
France	"There's a richness to the bouquet of this rosé, with fruit-forward aromas of ripe red cherry and plum. The palate offers a pleasant seam of acidity, lifting the slightly creamy mouthfeel. It finishes fresh, with lingering hints of citrus rind and tart cherry. Drink now."		86	11	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Le Grand Noir 2014 Rosé (Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	Le Grand Noir
France	"From one of the major estates in Pessac-Léognan, this is a fine, stylish and tightly structured wine. It has spice and intense acidity to balance the dark tannins and black-currant fruit. It is going to need several years to really mature. The estate is owned by André Lurton who was influential in creating the Pessac-Léognan appellation. Drink from 2024."		94	50	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Louvière 2014  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Louvière
US	"Soft, dull and vegetal. Still, it's drinkable for some modest cola flavors and velvety mouthfeel."		81	14	California	California	California Other			Vinum 2010 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Vinum
France	"Ripe plum, dark coffee and spice flavors join the firm tannins in this intense wine. It has a strong structure that needs to soften to allow the juicy black-currant flavor to surface. Give it 4–5 years."		90	37	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tour Seran 2010  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tour Seran
Italy	"This vintage-dated expression of Chardonnay offers creamy aromas of peach and honey followed by dried sage, toasted almond and crushed mineral. Pair this luminous sparkling wine with rolled salmon canapés."	Brut Millesimato	87	20	Lombardy	Franciacorta				Castelveder 2005 Brut Millesimato Chardonnay (Franciacorta)	Chardonnay	Castelveder
US	"With ammonia, green pea, gooseberry and pink grapefruit flavors, it defines a grapy, dry, acidic style. Tasted in January, the wine was still a little bubbly from the fermentation process."		86	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Hanna 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Hanna
US	"Tangy, juicy, fresh and fun, this vineyard-designate, a consistent star in this producer's arsenal, is densely layered, supported by an oak structure. Black plum, black cherry and raspberry cross paths to offer a spark of ripe fruit before succumbing to several shakes of Asian spice."	Van Der Kamp Vineyard	93	42	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	La Follette 2013 Van Der Kamp Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Mountain)	Pinot Noir	La Follette
US	"A majority of 75% Cabernet Sauvignon is at the core of this exceptional value, a wine that's classic in red, high-toned cherry and currant fruit. Soft, yet with ample structure, it offers everything one needs in a hearty red wine that's also accessible now."		89	13	California	Napa County	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kirkland Signature 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kirkland Signature
US	"A little rough in texture and sweet on the finish, this pineappley brut is okay for everyday purposes, but the residual sugar is really too high for balance, especially at this price."	Cuvée 20 Brut	84	30	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			J Vineyards & Winery NV Cuvée 20 Brut Sparkling (Russian River Valley)	Sparkling Blend	J Vineyards & Winery
Argentina	"A clean and easy style of Chardonnay with peach and melon aromas followed by a melony palate with nectarine and a touch of sweetness. It flattens out and loses intensity on the finish, but overall it's totally drinkable and solid."	Unoaked	85	8	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Vuelta 2009 Unoaked Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	La Vuelta
US	"This is a rich and powerful blend of 50% Zinfandel, 25% Syrah and 25% Petite Sirah. Quite dark and dense, it offers boisterous aromas of boysenberry and blackberry along with espresso, caramel and a bit of graphite. The palate is extremely juicy with vanilla, caramel and blackberry pie, a bit overwhelming but very hedonistic."	Marteau Rouge	88	32	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Arndt 2014 Marteau Rouge Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Arndt
US	"Another fine brut from Korbel, dry, yeasty and citrusy, just like a good bubbly should be. It's a little rough and scoury in the bubbles, but at this price, a good deal."	Brut	87	12	California	California	California Other			Korbel NV Brut Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
Italy	"Aromas of oak, toast, espresso and coconut carry over to palate along with coffee, a hint of baked plum and a confectionary note. Drying tannins leave an astringent finish."	Serre	88	95	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Gianni Gagliardo 2011 Serre  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Gianni Gagliardo
Portugal	"Distinctly mineral in character, this is a tough wine with its tense tannins and firm, very dry fruitiness. Black currant and berry fruits shine through this structure giving a full, juicy character. It's a wine of power and richness, still restrained by its tight, dry texture. Drink from 2018."	Colheita Tinto	88	15	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa da Passarella 2011 Colheita Tinto Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Casa da Passarella
US	"Smooth, sweet and savory, this Cabernet has forward flavors of blackberries, black currants, cola and sweet oak. It's an easy wine to drink now."		85	30	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Windsor Sonoma 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Windsor Sonoma
US	"The aromas are bright, with notes of green herb, vanilla, clove, wood spice and cherry. The palate brings a mouthful of dark-fruit flavors along with barrel accents, providing a whole lot of texture and appeal."		90	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Januik 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Januik
US	"This Cabernet-based blend offers lovely black cherry flavors and scents of violet, with a hint of licorice and substantial, ripe tannins on the palate. It can age for at least another 6–8 years, though it's drinking quite nicely already."	Estate Bottled Reserve	92	42	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kiona 2012 Estate Bottled Reserve Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Kiona
US	"It might seem odd to plant Syrah in the heart of Pinot Noir country, but it's one of the mysterious charms of the Northwest, where Riesling and Cabernet can also grow successfully side by side. This wine has deep color, excellent balance, true varietal expression, and seductive hints of smoke, cured meat, and a salty tang. Purple berry flavors are just ripe enough; it's an elegant, restrained style, suggesting that the Willamette Valley can put a unique stamp on this grape."	Calkins Lane Vineyard	90	45	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Adelsheim 2009 Calkins Lane Vineyard Syrah (Chehalem Mountains)	Syrah	Adelsheim
Italy	"Wild berry, fragrant blue flowers, pipe tobacco and sun-baked earth aromas come together in the glass. It's bright, with notes of clove, white pepper and tobacco adding interest to the black cherry core. Lithe tannins and fresh acidity support the juicy flavors."	Oro	88	30	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cennatoio 2012 Oro  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Cennatoio
Italy	"Plum, violet, vanilla and espresso aromas swirl around the glass along with a hint of herb. The linear palate offers toast, sour cherry, roasted coffee bean and a licorice note while fine-grained tannins give it a firm finish. Drink through 2018."	L'Erta di Radda	88	25	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Diego Finocchi 2013 L'Erta di Radda  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Diego Finocchi
US	"The Mark series from Anam Cara represents a sort of mini-reserve, all estate-grown, with a selection of what the winemaker considers to be the “boldest” clones. It has full-bodied flavors of cherry and sassafras, accented with cinnamon and cocoa. The barrel spices outlast the fruit—perhaps just an indication of youth. There is potential for considerable improvement with bottle age."	Mark IV	88	65	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Anam Cara 2009 Mark IV Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Anam Cara
US	"This delivers a no-holds-barred Paso-style of richness, with black plum, vanilla, caramel, cola and cherry-filled ganache aromas leaping from the glass. It's soft and luxurious on the sip, with caramel-laced fudge, espresso cream, black-cherry sorbet and loads of milk-chocolate flavorings."	Holystone	92	29	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sextant 2014 Holystone Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Sextant
Italy	"This Cabernet Sauvignon is a bold expression of Tuscany with generous layers of clove, Indian spice, crushed black pepper and black plum. The nose is distinguished by a lingering clove aroma. The tannins are thick but smooth and the mouthfeel is plush and rich."	Federico Primo	91	40	Tuscany	Val di Cornia Suvereto				Gualdo del Re 2004 Federico Primo Cabernet Sauvignon (Val di Cornia Suvereto)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gualdo del Re
US	"Like the winery's other newly released Zinfandels, this one is excessively soft, missing some structure to provide balance to the extraordinarily rich berry, cherry, bacon, cola and spice flavors. Still, it earns points for sheer deliciousness."	Mayacamas Range	87	36	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Storybook Mountain 2009 Mayacamas Range Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Storybook Mountain
US	"Frankly sweet, with sugary raspberry and cherry jam flavors. That sweetness may be the result of excessively high alcohol, residual sugar or, more likely, both. Either way, it's not a dry table wine, but it is a good wine that lots of Zin people will like."	Will's Hill Vineyard	83	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Minassian-Young 2009 Will's Hill Vineyard Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Minassian-Young
US	"The color—a rather light garnet going to brownish—suggests an older wine or one made with rustic methods, and the flavors travel the same path. An earthy quality shades modest cherry flavors, while hints of clove and cinnamon add complexity."	Estate	83	50	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Toulouse 2011 Estate Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Toulouse
US	"Made without oak fermentation or barrel aging, this wine is the essence of Santa Ynez fruit. It's savory and rich with lemons, limes, kiwis and oranges, as well as a touch of tart gooseberry."	Mesa Verde Vineyard	90	22	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Brander 2012 Mesa Verde Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Brander
Italy	"There's a very likable quality to this Syrah that is made in Puglia by a Tuscan producer. It comes off as forest berry, Asian spice and dried raspberry. The wine has a light consistency and some green, almost bramble-like flavors that are peppered by spicy accents."	Suhaili	86	11	Southern Italy	Salento				Villa Vignamaggio 2006 Suhaili Syrah (Salento)	Syrah	Villa Vignamaggio
US	"This generous rosé was whole-cluster pressed, yielding bright, fresh flavors of just-picked strawberries. The flavors are uplifted with a backing of wet stone minerality, and if any wine captures springtime in a bottle, this is it."	Pinot Noir	88	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Brooks 2015 Pinot Noir Rosé (Willamette Valley)	Rosé	Brooks
France	"The wine from this clos or walled vineyard in the city of Reims has spent eight years aging before disgorgement. It's a rare wine, with a wonderful balance between its toasty character and the crisp, dry apple and green-fruit flavors. It will certainly age further, so wait—if you can—until 2019."	Clos Lanson	96	196	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lanson 2006 Clos Lanson Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Lanson
US	"This is tart and briary in the mouth, with less-than-ripe tannins and fruit. This has a decent blackberry flavor. Drink up."	Indian Valley Vineyard	86	38	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Cinnabar 2009 Indian Valley Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Monterey County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cinnabar
US	"Soft and creamy, this full-bodied wine is a mix of apple, pear and mango around swirls of vanilla. Round and smooth, it finishes in a burst of fresh-squeezed citrus."	Split Rock Vineyard	88	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kagan 2011 Split Rock Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Kagan
US	"This bottling from the family's estate vineyard in the Foxen Canyon area rides the gamy side of the grape, with sizzling lamb crust, rosemary, black pepper and lavender on the nose. Dense elderberry fruit shows on the palate, with touches of asphalt, chopped thyme and more purple flowers. The acidity is balanced, and the tannins are firm but approachable. A touch of vanilla marks the finish."	Rodney's Vineyard	93	49	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fess Parker 2014 Rodney's Vineyard Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Fess Parker
France	"Full bodied and ripe, it has great fruitiness as well as a textured, steely character that provides both freshness and structure. A complex wine it has some aging potential, certainly until the end of 2014."		89	30	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Pampelonne 2013 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château de Pampelonne
France	"A strangely tart notion persists on the nose. The palate rings with the same strange but faintly red-currant-like aroma. The body is light, fresh and dry and has a clean finish. Drink soon."	Les Natures	86	25	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Jean-Baptiste Adam 2014 Les Natures Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Jean-Baptiste Adam
Spain	"Ripe raisiny aromas are soft, maybe to a fault. This feels wide, grabby and modest in structure. Jammy raspberry and raisin flavors finish plump and easy, with low acidity. Drink now."		88	20	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ardales 2011 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Ardales
Mexico	"Pickled, briny aromas set up a plump palate that is the best part of the wine. Flavors of bland melon are salty, while the finish fails to improve on anything that came before it."	Estate Bottled	81	11	Valle de Guadalupe			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	L.A. Cetto 2011 Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Valle de Guadalupe)	Chardonnay	L.A. Cetto
France	"An earthy wine with rich, red fruits along with a barnyard flavor. The wine is ripe and jammy, the juicy acidity coming through at the end."		85	27	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Thierry Mortet 2009  Bourgogne	Pinot Noir	Domaine Thierry Mortet
US	"Ripe and concentrated, this wine is also full bodied and quite tannic while maintaining a velvety mouthfeel. The abundant flavors of black cherry and dark chocolate are inviting and deep."	The Keep	91	60	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sol Rouge 2013 The Keep Red (Lake County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Sol Rouge
US	"A collaboration between winemaker James Foster and rockstar Pat Monahan of Train, this bottling shows black raspberry, pencil shavings and a feral animal-hide touch to the nose. The palate packs in a lot of licorice spice atop the heavy purple-fruit background."		89	20	California	San Benito County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Drops of Jupiter 2016 Pinot Noir (San Benito County)	Pinot Noir	Drops of Jupiter
US	"This is a softer Sauvignon Blanc for those not sworn to the grassy side of the grape, as the Buellton-based winery does a lot of barrel-fermenting. Aromas include pressed kiwi and a sour pucker of lime, and the broiled pear flavors prove easy drinking, if not exceedingly complex."	Vogelzang	88	42	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Dragonette 2012 Vogelzang Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Dragonette
US	"This 100% varietal wine from Lewis and Wallula vineyards beguiles with its aromas of vanilla bean, butterscotch, baking spice, cherry and cinnamon. Whereas many wines from this vintage put a focus on elegance, this one also displays power, with a pleasing mixture of fruit and barrel flavors that carry through the finish."	VXVII	92	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dunham 2011 VXVII Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dunham
US	"A fairly subdued, mostly mineral-driven nose characterizes this wine by the Santa Clara Valley-based producer founded in 1978, with bits of brick and graphite most prevalent. The flavors are more prominent, with allspice-laced cherries, toasted oak and iron."		88	32	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sarah's Vineyard 2012 Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Sarah's Vineyard
US	"Attractive, precise notes of grapefruit and white apricot lead onto the medium-bodied palate, which is invigorated by brisk acids. The wine finishes with energy and zesty snap."		87	22	Virginia	Virginia				Stinson 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Virginia)	Sauvignon Blanc	Stinson
Argentina	"A little murky and muddled on the nose, this has rubbery tannins and candied, foxy-tasting berry flavors. Nothing harsh or sour here, but it is tannic; at best, it's sweet and simple stuff."	Ique	84	11	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Enrique Foster 2011 Ique Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Enrique Foster
Spain	"Comes on solid and strong with smoky aromas of black fruit, coconut and shoe polish. Stout and layered in the mouth, with full tannins and a nice mix of bold berry flavors, tobacco, herbs, spice and lemony oak. Tastes similar on the finish, with tobacco and spice lasting the longest. Complex and healthy; drink now through 2018."	Vendimia Seleccionada	91	28	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Recoletas 2004 Vendimia Seleccionada  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Recoletas
France	"Though not indicated as such on its label, this is a sweet wine. It has spiced, ripe fruit flavors, notably pear, which are deliciously laced with honey and cinnamon notes. There is also a fine streak of lively acidity that keeps this very fresh."	Zinnkoepflé Grand Cru	91	23	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Orschwihr 2008 Zinnkoepflé Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Château d'Orschwihr
US	"From Rhône-possessed Paso Robles, an adventurous blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Petit Verdot and Zinfandel. The aroma is subdued now, closed and brooding. On the palate is an explosion of cassis, briar, chocolate and coffee. Sweet, ripe tannins make for a dusty mouthfeel. Needs a minimum of a year in the cellar."	Optimus	92	45	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			L'Aventure 2001 Optimus Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	L'Aventure
US	"This is very strong in fruit, tasting like the essence of raspberry and cherry, with penetrating acidity. It has a candied jamminess, although the finish is bone dry. Made from Syrah, Tempranillo and Grenache, it's a fun wine for drinking now with easy fare."	Tinto	86	30	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Trenza 2009 Tinto Red (Edna Valley)	Red Blend	Trenza
Italy	"Here is a bigger, broader style of Italian rosé (made from a blend of Primitivo, Aglianico and Syrah) with thick aromas of raspberry, blueberry, mature peach and almond. Its color is bright pink and the wine offers a playful note of sour cherry on the close."	Passerose	85	15	Southern Italy	Puglia				Feudi di Terra d'Otranto 2007 Passerose Rosé (Puglia)	Rosé	Feudi di Terra d'Otranto
Italy	"Underbrush, mature black-skinned fruit, worn leather and scorched earth aromas lead the way. The firm, chewy palate offers mature plum, juicy Morello cherry, clove, anise and tobacco framed in tightly wound tannins. Drink 2019–2028."	Millennium Gran Selezione	91	45	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Losi Querciavalle 2011 Millennium Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Losi Querciavalle
France	"A top quality rosé; fruity and textured, providing a bone dry wine that is made to be paired with food. Bright acidity is infused among raspberry and mulberry fruit flavors, adding intensity and freshness. Drink now."	Château des Muraires	90	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bernard Magrez 2012 Château des Muraires Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Bernard Magrez
France	"The strawberry notes of this pink sparkler come with the flavor of cream soda. The fizz foams in a light, airy froth and makes the flavors dance on the dry, uncomplicated palate. This is fun and should be drunk as soon as possible."	Rosé	87	32	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine François Schmitt NV Rosé Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine François Schmitt
Portugal	"This is a herbal, earthy wine with as many tannins as fruit at this stage. That gives it a dense, dusty texture that seeps into the ripe, sweet plum flavors. With the wood giving an extra push of richness as well as spice, it needs to age. Drink from 2017."	D. Fuas Reserva	89	7	Terras do Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Velhas 2013 D. Fuas Reserva Red (Terras do Dão)	Portuguese Red	Caves Velhas
US	"This is a Cab-based Bordeaux blend, and it shows Paso's ability to produce a ripe, gentle red wine that's immediately appealing. There's a nice earthiness to the cassis flavors, and a rich, tannic structure that makes you dream of a perfectly broiled steak or chop, brushed with brown butter sauce with a touch of garlic."	Nikiara	87	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Sylvester 2005 Nikiara Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Sylvester
US	"Mirabelle is the darkest, chewiest, most tannic of the three clonal selection Pinots offered by Vidon. It's a Pinot in Cab clothing. Chewy, dense, ripe fruit keeps it all in proportion, a thick black cherry core with rings of chocolate. Think Saturn in a glass."	Mirabelle Clone 115	92	50	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Vidon Vineyard 2009 Mirabelle Clone 115 Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Vidon Vineyard
US	"Quite tart and bone dry, this is made from fruit sourced from the Wallula Benches Vineyard—a site also prominently featured in Pacific Rim's Riesling lineup. Racy and gin-like in its flavor profile, it emphasizes botanical and citrus notes, with good penetration and length."	Wallula Benches	90	12	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	North by Northwest 2011 Wallula Benches Riesling (Horse Heaven Hills)	Riesling	North by Northwest
Spain	"Full and smoky, with bacon, blackberry and tire rubber on the nose. This is a bit grating in feel due to full tannins and acids, with wild berry flavors, bitter oak, black plum and darkness. Lengthy on the finish."		87	16	Northern Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aleo 2009 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León)	Tempranillo	Aleo
Italy	"Blue flower, baked plum, vanilla and a whiff of resin lead the nose. The juicy, straightforward palate offers dried sour cherry, cranberry, anise and a hint of white pepper alongside fine-grained tannins."	Bricco Rocca	89	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Olivero 2012 Bricco Rocca  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Olivero
Portugal	"Nature in the name of this wine signifies it was made with organically grown grapes. It is stylish, fresh in red berry fruits and attractive acidity. There is a tangy character that gives the wine a taut, nervy structure. With further aging, the wine will fill out more. Drink from 2018."	Paço dos Cunhas de Santar Nature	89	13	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dão Sul 2012 Paço dos Cunhas de Santar Nature Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Dão Sul
US	"Testarossa's annual best-barrel offering starts with broad aromas of violets, blackberry tea and anise on the edges. It's a lighter Pinot density-wise, very soft and expressive with purple fruits, black olive and a fennel-powered acidify on the finish."	Niclaire	90	81	California	California	California Other	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2012 Niclaire Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
US	"This straightforward, affordable dry wine is good and fruity, with medium body, moderate tannins and plenty of red cherry and blackberry flavors."		86	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Guenoc 2014 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Guenoc
Chile	"Jammy raspberry and plum aromas are primary and fresh on the nose. This ripe, round wine is sure to be a party-pleaser. Solid cassis, berry and spice flavors finish pure, with ripeness and proper balance."	Serie Riberas Gran Reserva Ribera del Tinguiririca	89	18	Marchigue			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2012 Serie Riberas Gran Reserva Ribera del Tinguiririca Cabernet Sauvignon (Marchigue)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Concha y Toro
US	"Blackberry paste and a slightly more tangy red fruit mix with cocoa dust, Middle Eastern spice, leather and black rocks on the nose of this blend of 83% Merlot, 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, 5% Cabernet Franc, 4% Petit Verdot and 3% Malbec. Tangy but ripe plum juice mixes with lifting spearmint and dill herbals on the palate."	Barrack Brand	92	42	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Happy Canyon Vineyard 2011 Barrack Brand Red (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Happy Canyon Vineyard
US	"Coming from a vineyard that sits 500 feet above Monterey Bay, this shows crisp green apple and grapefruit rinds on the nose, as well as a sharp, intriguing herbal tinge. It's extremely tight and high-toned on the palate, with bitter lime peels, white rocks and salinity, finishing on toasted apples."	Regan Vineyards	90	30	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Portola Vineyards 2012 Regan Vineyards Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Portola Vineyards
Spain	"Earthy, meaty berry aromas have a foresty overtone along with leafy, herbal notes. This is stocky on the palate, with good grip. Plum, mixed black fruits and peppery spice make up the flavor profile on this ripe Rioja that loses some snap and turns loamy on the finish."	Madurado	87	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lágrimas de Maria 2012 Madurado  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Lágrimas de Maria
France	"A tropical whiff of passion fruit hovers enticingly on the nose. A touch of this also clings aromatically to the taut palate where concentrated citrus notes of orange, lemon and tangerine dominate. This is resolutely dry and bouncingly fresh with precision, fruit and verve. The finish is totally refreshing and lip-smacking."	Eichberg Grand Cru	93	49	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Zinck 2015 Eichberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Zinck
US	"Thinly textured and lightly spiced, this wine shows an earthy forest-floor character with spikes of baking spice and black tea. The subtext is defined by juicy huckleberry."	Soft Asylum	88	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chasseur 2014 Soft Asylum Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Chasseur
France	"This 19-acre property, in the same family since the 17th century, has produced a structured, Merlot-dominated wine that is as much about tannins as fruit. It's still young and all that juicy black currant fruitiness will blossom. Give it until 2017."		88	27	Bordeaux	Moulis-en-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Guitignan 2012  Moulis-en-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Guitignan
US	"This 100% Cab is a big, rich wine, and while its power is considerable, it lacks subtlety. There's no question about the intensity of blackberries, cherries and spicy persimmons, unrivaled anywhere in the world. Yet ripeness isn't everything. Hard to see this explosion of fruit going anywhere, so drink soon."	Villa Vista	87	80	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kuleto Estate 2009 Villa Vista Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kuleto Estate
Argentina	"Musky aromas of lychee and orange are easy to peg as Torrontés. On the palate, there's zest and acid but not much substance. Tangy and tropical in flavors, and shallow in body, this is just o.k. Includes 5% Malbec for color."	Amaru High Vineyards Torrontés	83	13	Other	Calchaquí Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	El Esteco 2014 Amaru High Vineyards Torrontés Rosé (Calchaquí Valley)	Rosé	El Esteco
Italy	"This classically styled Barolo has hallmark Nebbiolo scents of rose, violet, spice, leather and forest floor. The creamy palate delivers wild cherry flavors, layered with spice, mint, licorice and eucalyptus notes. It's well balanced, fresh and structured. While it's already enjoyable, drink it after 2018 for more complexity."	Ca' Mia	94	90	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Brovia 2009 Ca' Mia  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Brovia
Italy	"Made with Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, Colorino and Ciliegiolo, this boasts an alluring aroma of red berry, fragrant iris, anise, underbrush and a balsamic note. The bright palate offers ripe black cherry, menthol, baking spice, grilled herb and a tobacco note. It's nicely balanced, with ripe tannins and freshness. Drink through 2020."	Riserva	91	39	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Badia a Coltibuono 2010 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Badia a Coltibuono
US	"Whiffs of ripe black cherries, vanilla and spice, along with delicate hints of soil and barnyard, mark this unusual blend of Saperavi and Sereksiya grapes. Tart black-fruit flavors accented with swathes of fresh herbs are a bit lean on the palate, but the acidity is gentle. It's dry and easy drinking in style with smooth, gentle tannins."	Black Russian	87	55	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		McGregor 2010 Black Russian Red (Finger Lakes)	Red Blend	McGregor
France	"Based in Nuits Saint-Georges, Manuel Olivier understands the appellation well. That is shown in this bottling that manages to combine the structure of a Nuits wine with dark fruits and a juicy texture. It's rich while also firm. Drink from 2017."		91	50	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Manuel Olivier 2012  Nuits-St.-Georges	Pinot Noir	Manuel Olivier
France	"This firmly tannic wine has all the structure of 2010 without the fruit. It's a skeleton without flesh, and it will be unlikely to soften in the coming years."		84	25	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Gorre 2010  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Gorre
Chile	"Saucy, spicy berry aromas are earthy. This has a fleshy, jammy mouthfeel and flavors of blueberry, cassis and blackberry. A dry, spicy, lightly herbal finish confirms the wine's above-average status."	Ojos del Salado	87	10	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Dancing Flame 2014 Ojos del Salado Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dancing Flame
US	"This wine is principally Merlot (57%) and Cabernet Sauvignon (33%) along with pinches of Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. Dark fruit, fresh herb and abundant barrel-spice aromas are followed by bountiful, restrained black-fruit flavors that carry through the finish."	D2	91	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	DeLille 2013 D2 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	DeLille
Spain	"The aroma is stalky and leathery on the nose. The palate is grabby, with sulfuric, bitter flavors of uncomplicated berry fruits. This is 65% Bobal and 35% Tempranillo."	Ananto	80	9	Levante	Utiel-Requena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sierra Norte 2012 Ananto Red (Utiel-Requena)	Red Blend	Sierra Norte
US	"This full-bodied wine shows smooth and rounded plum fruit. The flavors are mouth-filling, but the rather quick fade suggests it's best consumed in the near term, as it's already five years past harvest."	Steelhead Run Vineyard Blessed	87	23	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Schultz 2012 Steelhead Run Vineyard Blessed Merlot (Rogue Valley)	Merlot	Schultz
US	"Just delicious. Feels like a modern, cult-style Napa Cabernet, soft and complex and slightly sweet, with tannins so finely ground, it's drinkable now. The flavors are Cabernet-like also, with blackberries,blueberries, mocha and spices, although its briary, brambly quality is distinctive to Zinfandel."	George's Vineyard	91	34	California	Napa Valley	Napa			JR Wine 2009 George's Vineyard Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	JR Wine
US	"Apple and cinnamon aromas on the nose provide a warm welcome while the clove-flavored palate comes alive via mouthwatering acidity. While the finish is short, this wine shows much promise. Try with Thai dishes."	Love	84	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes			Imagine Moore 2007 Love Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Imagine Moore
US	"Interesting to see that Washington State vineyards can ripen Sangio in a wide range of microclimates; this is true to the variety with tart acids, sharp flavors of berry, hints of pumpkin pie spice and tobacco, and just enough butterscotch barrel notes to fill in around the rough edges. This is good winemaking, with a tough grape."	San Remo	89	26	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Des Voigne Cellars 2006 San Remo Sangiovese (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Des Voigne Cellars
US	"Even though this is a bit one dimensional, it's delicious, polished and appealing, offering flamboyant tropical fruit, butterscotch, buttered toast and spice flavors."		87	19	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Blondie 2010 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Blondie
Germany	"While dry and delicate in body, this intense, penetrating Riesling is lush with sun-drenched peaches. A steely, mineral tone lends gravitas to the midpalate, finishing lean, elegant and bright. Enjoy now for its exuberant youth, but store some away to enjoy as its minerality intensifies from 2020 on."	Graach Josephshöfer Trocken GG	94	65	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2012 Graach Josephshöfer Trocken GG Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
France	Tart red berries like red currant and strawberry dominate the nose. They also play on the palate where frothy lively fizz foams and disperses the flavors across the light dry palate. This is vivacious and very refreshing.	Brut Rosé	88	17	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Willm NV Brut Rosé Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Willm
US	"This wine looks, smells and tastes on the light side. Herb and red-cherry aromas precede rather lean flavors from cherry to clove and dill, and a brisk texture with some tannic grip."		85	16	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Jack's House 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jack's House
US	"Restrained aromatically, this bottling shows touches of crushed lava rocks, black pepper and blackberry on the nose. Balsamic vinegar and sour cherry flavors mark the sip, with very sticky tannins."	Grosso	85	45	California	San Benito County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bella Luna 2012 Grosso Sangiovese (San Benito County)	Sangiovese	Bella Luna
US	"Just a touch of residual sugar (11 g/L) softens up the edges of this wine, which brings flavors of tart lemon, grapefruit pith and wet paper into play. Try it with prawns, shellfish or non-spicy noodle dishes."	Corral Creek Vineyards	88	29	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2014 Corral Creek Vineyards Riesling (Chehalem Mountains)	Riesling	Chehalem
France	"The entry-level wine in the Esclans range, this is as fresh and fruity as possible. Juicy red currant and tangy acidity combine in this delicious blend of Grenache, Cinsault and Syrah. The wine is dry while showing exuberant fruit. It can be drunk either as an apéritif or with food."	Whispering Angel	89	22	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Esclans 2015 Whispering Angel Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château d'Esclans
Turkey	"Rustic on the nose, with scents of dried herbs and grass that mingle with pretty rose and tea-leaf notes, this wine is an unusual blend of Turkish Öküzgözü and Boazkere grapes with Syrah and Petit Verdot. Full bodied and soft on the palate, with ripe, red-fruit and mocha-chocolate flavor, it finishes with a coating of furry tannins."	Imperial	86	25	Elazığ			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Kayra 2006 Imperial Red (Elazığ)	Red Blend	Kayra
US	"From the Solano County Green Valley appellation just off San Pablo Bay comes this crowd-pleasing Syrah, a juicy, masculinely beefy and big version of the varietal with well-honed hints of baked bread, mocha and espresso."		90	24	California	Solano County	North Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rock Wren 2007 Syrah (Solano County)	Syrah	Rock Wren
US	"Exhibiting cooler-climate characteristics, the fruit sourced primarily from the Stag's Leap District, this wine shows dried herb and cedar on the nose, evolving deeper layers of red cherry and cranberry on the midpalate. It takes on weight and structure on the finish."	Founder's Art Reserve	91	80	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Judd's Hill 2010 Founder's Art Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Judd's Hill
France	"This lively, crisply acidic wine hints at toast, but goes much more for a delicious citrus character. There's a great freshness to the wine, showing some pear flavors and a fine edge of apple skins."	Les Morats	87	22	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fuissé 2006 Les Morats  (Saint-Véran)	Chardonnay	Château de Fuissé
US	"Dark and thick in the glass, this wine shows strong but not bitter tar notes on the nose plus charred beef in a blueberry glaze, wet campfire, bourbon barrel and vanilla. The structure is massive now, gooey with thick tannins and flavors of espresso bean and condensed purple flowers. Judicious acidity ensures strong cellaring potential. Drink 2018–2027."	Old 900	91	46	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Alta Colina 2012 Old 900 Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Alta Colina
US	"The green apple, apple skin and flower aromas pop. The off-dry peach flavors keep you coming back for more."		87	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Whispering Tree 2014 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Whispering Tree
Italy	"This is an unoaked Chardonnay, with a fresh and lively bouquet of white flower, stone fruit and lemon zest. The cool-climate Alto Adige growing conditions help develop the purity and intensity of the grape's aromas."	Altkirch	87	15	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Colterenzio 2010 Altkirch Chardonnay (Alto Adige)	Chardonnay	Colterenzio
US	"Biodynamically-farmed, old vine fruit from the Eola Hills vineyard is the source. The wine is forward and tangy, with a Vouvray-like sweet/sour character. It could be Chenin Blanc, only just a bit lighter, but with the same tart and tasty mix of acid and sugar, with lemony fruit and floral highlights. Really tasty."		91	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Love & Squalor 2009 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Love & Squalor
New Zealand	"Ripe yet restrained on the nose, offering fig and guava. On the palate, those flavors turn citrusy, picking up a hint of bitter pith on the finish."	Icon	89	22	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Nobilo 2016 Icon Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Nobilo
Italy	"Perfumed berry, dark spice, dried herb, a hint of tar and a balsamic note are some of the aromas you'll find on this striking red. The racy palate boasts finesse and structure, delivering red cherry, raspberry, white pepper and cinnamon alongside bracing but refined tannins and vibrant acidity. This is made for lengthy cellaring so give it ample time to fully develop into the dazzling wine it promises to become. Drink 2021–2036."		93	30	Piedmont	Bramaterra		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Prevostura 2011  Bramaterra	Red Blend	La Prevostura
US	"This is a big, kick-butt wine that shows the powerful fruit and hard tannins that make Pinots from this vineyard ageable. You'll find it tough and gritty now, with rich, deep flavors of cherries, currants, cola and cedar. Best beyond 2011."	Sanford & Benedict Vineyard	93	56	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Testarossa 2007 Sanford & Benedict Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
Italy	"Crisp and quenching, this opens with aromas of white spring flower, ripe orchard fruit and a whiff of cake spice. The fresh, silky palate doles out ripe apple, pear and citrus zest alongside an elegant perlage. Bright acidity lifts the juicy fruit flavors. It's savory and incredibly easy to drink."	Extra Brut Metodo Classico	90	49	Piedmont	Alta Langa		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fontanafredda 2011 Extra Brut Metodo Classico Sparkling (Alta Langa)	Sparkling Blend	Fontanafredda
US	"This mild-flavored wine delivers light apple, floral, almond and maraschino-cherry flavors, a smooth, soft texture and medium body. Although subtle, it does develop more complexity in the glass."	Buttner Vineyard	85	28	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Las Positas 2013 Buttner Vineyard Pinot Gris (Livermore Valley)	Pinot Gris	Las Positas
US	"In a word, wow. What a wonderful Cabernet Sauvignon. It has got to be one of the best buys out there, so rich and smooth in berry, cherry, currant and spice flavors. Only 640 cases were produced, but worth a search. Drink now."		90	12	California	California	California Other			Ugly Duckling 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ugly Duckling
US	"This blend of Cabernet and Merlot tastes more like a Shiraz than a Bordeaux blend. It's jammy and peppery and also Porty, with an overripe, brandied taste."	Proprietary Red Wine	81	12	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Crush 2005 Proprietary Red Wine Red (Dry Creek Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Crush
France	"This 100% Merlot from a small experimental vineyard is solid, firm and still young. It has a dense structure of tannins and wood aging, showing bitter coffee flavors and an austere character after 14 months in new French oak. It will likely remain a tough proposition."		84	22	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tertre de Belvès 2012  Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tertre de Belvès
France	"Crisp, textured and with great acidity, this wine is still developing. It is packed with fresh citrus and apple fruits cut with strong minerality. Drink this structured wine from 2017."		90	24	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Croix Senaillet 2014  Saint-Véran	Chardonnay	Domaine de la Croix Senaillet
US	"This new vintage is sourced from a single block from the Dineen vineyard, and aged in 50% new French oak—the most ever. Black fruits abound, along with licorice, tar and a whiff of iodine. It's a tightly wound Syrah, with the stuffing and style to age for a decade or longer."	BlackTongue	92	30	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Stevens 2010 BlackTongue Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Stevens
France	"A blend of Braucol and Merlot, this exotic wine features ripe juiciness and tannins. It is full in the mouth, with intense acidity running alongside the fruit and strong herb flavors. It has firm structure and concentration that promise good aging."	Vieilles Vignes	89	18	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Moulin 2010 Vieilles Vignes Red (Gaillac)	Red Blend	Domaine du Moulin
US	"This has rather light aromas of red cherries and raspberries, mildly rich fruit flavors and a texture that's half silky and half firmly tannic. Those traits add up to deliciousness and good balance."		88	15	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	3 Ball 2012 Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	3 Ball
US	"Fairly tannic, this Merlot has some ripe, even sweet, cherry fruit. It's done in a light style, but it feels and tastes ripe, which means the winemaker knew what he was doing. A lovely effort that takes full advantage of the character of the region's fruit. —P.G."	Winemaker's Series	88	10	Idaho	Idaho		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ste. Chapelle 2000 Winemaker's Series Merlot (Idaho)	Merlot	Ste. Chapelle
US	"A light touch is put on this elegant wine, one that successfully captures the wild ethereal nature of the appellation. Crushed rock is evoked on the palate, around fully developed flavors of fig, cigar, clove and dried herb. Tannic, the body softens on the midpalate."	Single Vineyard	90	190	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Newton 2014 Single Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Newton
US	"This gorgeous new release, from a young winery with a Riesling focus, is resplendent with an enticing mix of flowers, fruits and stone. The scents well up from the glass and the flavors fill the mouth with a lively zest, pulling together streaks of lemon, lime, nectarine and apricot, accented with citrus rind and wet rock, honey and lemon tea."	Estate	93	24	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2009 Estate Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Trisaetum
US	"Give this Pinot Noir some time to breathe and mellow in a decanter. Right out of the bottle, it's tough, tannic and jammy in raspberry and cherry flavors. But it doesn't take long for it to pick up some complexities. This wine's rich, sweet oakiness will pair well with steaks, lamb chops and mushroom risottos."	Kashaya	90	58	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Relic 2010 Kashaya Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Relic
Australia	"Cranberries and pie cherries give a crisp, almost citrusy, edge to this wine. The tannins are silky and there's some appealing clove-like spice as well, but the acids are elevated, making the wine come across as tart and ungenerous."	The Little Villager	84	18	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Stable Hill 2013 The Little Villager Pinot Noir (Adelaide Hills)	Pinot Noir	Stable Hill
France	"A blend of 60% Syrah, 20% Grenache and 20% Mourvèdre, this is oaky and lushly fruited upfront, with forward scents of coffee, chocolate-covered cherry and brambly berry preserves. The palate follows suit, with mouthfilling flavors of ripe berries that are framed by structured tannins and lingering tones of licorice and black pepper."	Terrasses du Bouscadel	89	22	Languedoc-Roussillon	Saint-Chinian-Roquebrun		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Cave de Roquebrun 2014 Terrasses du Bouscadel Red (Saint-Chinian-Roquebrun)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Cave de Roquebrun
US	"Scents of roses and cherries fill the nose, followed by raspberries and light milk chocolate in the mouth. There's a suggestion of wet stone also. The balance is good, although the wine skirts the edge of being a bit too thin on the finish."	Tualatin Estate	87	48	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Willamette Valley Vineyards 2011 Tualatin Estate Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Willamette Valley Vineyards
US	"Mysteriously smoky on the nose, with an earthy sheen of crushed stones and steel. Just off-dry and fairly lean in style, it's surprisingly penetrating on the palate, with crisp lime and white peach flavors that linger."	Semi Dry	86	13	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wagner 2009 Semi Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Wagner
South Africa	"This wine strikes a superb balance between herbaceous, green notes and ripe black fruit, all graced with a kiss of sweet vanilla. Rich blackberry and cassis flavors flood the palate, but then transition to sweet smoke and oak flavors on the finish."		89	35	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Hartenberg 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stellenbosch)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hartenberg
US	"What a nice Sauvignon Blanc this is. It's crisp and delicately structured, with light, airy flavors of limes, dried hay, pineapple zest and white pepper."		88	19	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Tower 15 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Paso Robles)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tower 15
US	"Tart, citrusy acidity backs up cranberry, pomegranate and spice flavors in this dry, silky young Pinot Noir. It's somewhat brusque right out of the bottle, so give it a brief decant before pouring."	Hunter's Cuvée	87	40	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast			Holman Ranch 2010 Hunter's Cuvée Pinot Noir (Carmel Valley)	Pinot Noir	Holman Ranch
US	"A little soft and one-dimensional, with raspberry and cherry cola flavors. Lacks the liveliness that a rosé needs. No oak on this dry wine."	Rose 'Di Arie	84	18	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills			C.G. di Arie 2009 Rose 'Di Arie Rosé (Sierra Foothills)	Rosé	C.G. di Arie
US	"Tannic and robust, this reserve-tier wine offers smoothly chiseled tannin and full-bodied flavors like brick, black cherry, leather and clove. It begs to be paired with hearty meat dishes."	Reserve	90	105	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bennett Lane 2012 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bennett Lane
US	"Just one barrel was produced from this nine-acre site in the heart of the AVA. This is picture perfect, refined and textural, with flavors that roll from rose petals to strawberries to Bing cherries. A well-framed touch of oak (noted as neutral, yet detectable) contributes to an elongated finish that begs for the next glass. Still young and compact, this should drink its best from 2018 through 2028."	Lone Madrone Vineyard	93	48	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Elizabeth Chambers 2014 Lone Madrone Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Elizabeth Chambers
Spain	"Solid but unspectacular on the nose, with plum scents and generic sweetness. The palate is also sweet, but it has enough acidity and tannin to create a serious, almost scratchy mouthfeel. And if you hadn't had enough sweetness up to this point, the finish is loaded with brown sugar, cola and cough medicine."	Vega Ibor	84	10	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Real 2003 Vega Ibor Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Real
Argentina	"This purple saturated Malbec opens with powerful aromas of cola, tree bark and spiced blackberry. A saturated, extracted, highly tannic palate amounts to a heavy load, while baked and blackened berry flavors include a strong shot of chocolate. On the finish, more chocolate along with fig and baked berry flavors seal this rich ripe offering. Drink through 2022."	Gran Malbec	92	29	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Don Manuel Villafañe 2011 Gran Malbec Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Don Manuel Villafañe
US	"This wine was aged for 30 months in new French oak before subsequently seeing time in bottle. It offers aromas and flavors of herbs, woodspice and red and black fruit, with firm tannins providing the frame."	Klipsun Vineyard	88	60	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Covington 2011 Klipsun Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Covington
US	"Dusty in tannins and planky in wood, this chewy red blends Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot and Malbec into a mouthful of black olive, black currant and leather."	Jillian's Blend	84	44	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Laird 2011 Jillian's Blend Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Laird
Austria	"Crunchy, tart but ripe apples abound on the nose and even more on the palate. This is reminiscent of a red-cheeked Cox's Orange Pippin apple and offers the same thrill and contrast between ripe fruit and crispness. This is dangerously animating and racy. It will make conversation sparkle. Finishes with a lasting apple tang."	Vom Gelben Löss	92	25	Wagram			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Josef Ehmoser 2014 Vom Gelben Löss Riesling (Wagram)	Riesling	Josef Ehmoser
France	"This is strongly marked by toasty, cedary oak, but enough fruit comes through on the midpalate and finish to suggest this is more than just another oaky red. It's rich and creamy through the midpalate, then finishes long, with mixed berry notes emerging at the end."	Guy Louis	91	26	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Tardieu-Laurent 2011 Guy Louis Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Tardieu-Laurent
Germany	"Dusty mineral and herb tones lend complexity to the plush, sunny peach and apricot in this bristling semidry Riesling. It's juicy and plump yet revitalizing and fresh, marked by tangerine acidity and a lacy fringe of sugar that lingers on the finish. Drink now through 2025."	Apollo Feinherb	91	25	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Von Schleinitz 2016 Apollo Feinherb Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Von Schleinitz
US	"This well-balanced wine tames the tannins and brings to the table a relaxed texture plus layers of fruit, spice and oak flavors. Still it has great underpinnings of ripe cherry and raspberry, plus a sense of completeness and reserve."		91	30	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Spann Vineyards 2012 Tempranillo (Lake County)	Tempranillo	Spann Vineyards
US	"This is a big, sweetly oaked wine notable for its ripe flavors and sheer opulence. It's distinctly Californian in the massive, rather jammy blackberries, cherries and raspberries, and shows good balance in the richness of tannins and savory acidity. Delicious as it is, it's all primary fruit now. Give it 2–3 years to mellow."		92	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Modus Operandi 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Modus Operandi
US	"This wine, from a prime block of a famous vineyard, shows nectarine flesh, lime and lemon peel, salted butter and green herbs on the nose. The palate is still wound a little tight, but reveals green pear, citrus pith, lime juice, cheese rind and a touch of sour grass. Hold until 2016."	Block UU Bien Nacido Vineyard	91	32	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 2013 Block UU Bien Nacido Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Foxen
Argentina	"Basic apple and citrus aromas are dusty and straightforward. This feels citrusy and fresh, with little to no oak. Flavors of nectarine, white grapefruit and orange finish firm and fresh."	Portillo Estate Bottled	85	11	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salentein 2013 Portillo Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Uco Valley)	Chardonnay	Salentein
New Zealand	"Syrah is quickly gaining popularity in Hawke's Bay and this is a good example why. Reminiscent of a Crozes-Hermitage, this wine's meaty, peppery aromas and blackberry-boysenberry fruit aren't overpowering, just nicely balanced and very drinkable over the near term."	Gimblett Road	90	19	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	CJ Pask 2005 Gimblett Road Syrah (Hawke's Bay)	Syrah	CJ Pask
US	"Good price for a Chardonnay this dry and acidic, yet rich. The upfront impression is all about tartness and minerality, yet there are ripe apricot, papaya and lime fruit flavors. Don't drink it too cold, as it gains traction and interest as it warms in the glass."		88	20	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Buena Vista 2012 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Buena Vista
Italy	"Extremely fragrant and floral, this classic method sparkler delivers a full bouquet of jasmine, honeysuckle and chamomile. But the nose is not just floral: You'll get yellow fruit, peach, honey and a bit of apple pulp as well. The wine closes with a note of bitter almond."	Brut Millesimato	85	35	Veneto	Veneto				Carpenè Malvolti 2004 Brut Millesimato Sparkling (Veneto)	Sparkling Blend	Carpenè Malvolti
Italy	"This Riserva's shy nose eventually reveals black-skinned fruit and a whiff of baking spice, while the palate offers straightforward plum and clove flavors. It's easy-drinking and has mellow tannins."	Riserva	87	17	Tuscany	Chianti Rufina		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cantine Bellini 2013 Riserva  (Chianti Rufina)	Red Blend	Cantine Bellini
Chile	"Dusty aromas blend with cool-climate notes of bell pepper and lime on this racy, green-leaning SB. Flavors of wet stones, lime and salt are crisp, while this finishes with a bell-pepper flavor and zesty acidity. This was made for raw oysters or ceviche."	Coastal Cool Climate Wine Single Vineyard	89	17	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lomas del Valle 2015 Coastal Cool Climate Wine Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Lomas del Valle
US	"Pressed olallieberries, lilacs, a touch of pine smoke and fairly grapy aromas show on this easy-drinking bottling. The palate is straightforward with quaffable grape and olallieberry flavors, with a judicious amount of tannins and acidity to keep it exciting."	Thompson Vineyard	88	38	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Carucci 2012 Thompson Vineyard Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Carucci
US	"Barrel aromas of vanilla and spice are initially in the lead on this Cabernet Sauvignon (71%) dominant blend along with blistered red pepper. The palate offers reserved cherry and herb flavors, bright acidity and grainy tannins."	Monolith	88	36	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Elevation Cellars 2010 Monolith Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Elevation Cellars
Portugal	"This is a generous black-fruit-driven wine. It has great fruit with some spice from wood. The tannins are firm while giving plenty of richness. With its black plum and berry flavors now developing well, it should be ready from 2018."	Gáudio Clássico	89	18	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Ribafreixo 2014 Gáudio Clássico Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Ribafreixo
Germany	"Intensely fragrant, this honey-sweet auslese wafts of ripe yellow peaches and caramelized sugar. Tropical mango, pineapple and melon collide on the palate before falling neatly in line against a strike of high-toned acidity. The finish is luxuriously long, peppered by a faint dusting of saffron. It's a stunner already but should shine brightly for decades to come."	Hattenheimer Hassel Auslese	95	66	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Weingut Hans Bausch 2011 Hattenheimer Hassel Auslese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Weingut Hans Bausch
Italy	"Made with 80% Sangiovese and 20% Merlot, this opens with aromas of prune, scorched earth, toast and a hint of black currant. On the structured palate, notes of grilled bell pepper, espresso and dried herb accent a core of dried black cherry alongside fine-grained tannins that give it a firm finish."	Vigneto La Casuccia Gran Selezione	90	210	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Ama 2011 Vigneto La Casuccia Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Castello di Ama
Chile	"A mix of melon, tropical fruit and passion fruit aromas lead to a tight palate with just enough body weight to not be austere. Flavors of white pepper, citrus and celery are modest on the finish, which tastes briny."	Reserve	86	10	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tres Palacios 2017 Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Maipo Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tres Palacios
France	"Well balanced, ripe and fresh, it reveals raspberry fruits, an attractive mineral texture and citrus acidity. The style, definitely dry, needs food."	Les Papilles	88	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Les Vignobles Gueissard 2013 Les Papilles Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Les Vignobles Gueissard
Chile	"Earthy, dense, smoky and charred, this Pinot is showing clear signs of coming from a warm year. Tomatoey acidity and a leathery quality drive the palate, while flavors of stewed, briny raspberry and plum are leathery and finish savory and slightly salty."	Gran Reserva	87	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casas del Bosque 2012 Gran Reserva Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Casas del Bosque
Italy	"Morellino is a terrific red wine that is particularly food-friendly, easy-to-drink and delicious. This producer makes one of the best expressions available, characterized by bright blueberry, cherry and pulpy red fruit."	Riserva	90	30	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano				Morisfarms 2007 Riserva  (Morellino di Scansano)	Sangiovese	Morisfarms
France	This wine offers ripe yellow fruits and soft acidity. A honeyed character adds to the richness and generous character of this warm wine that is lightly cut by acidity at the end.	Quintaine	88	50	Burgundy	Viré-Clessé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Guillemot-Michel 2013 Quintaine  (Viré-Clessé)	Chardonnay	Domaine Guillemot-Michel
Austria	"Very light, elegant, fresh wine, crisp in the extreme, deliciously perfumed with its white flower aromas and hedgerow fruits. There is a green element here, shown in the fruit skin structure, which ends with an aftertaste of fresh, piercing acidity. Screwcap."		87	18	Kamptal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Loimer 2007 Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Loimer
Italy	"With fruit selected from a single-vineyard site, this riserva does a nice job of portraying a fresh cherry flavor within an elaborate framework of oak spice, leather and tobacco notes. The wine is propped up by tight wood-derived tannins, which gives it a firm structure. It could use a few more years of cellar aging"	Bellezza Riserva	91	30	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Castello di Gabbiano 2009 Bellezza Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Castello di Gabbiano
South Africa	"A stunning Chard that shows the greatness of the vintage in the wine's superb balance between ripe fruit flavors of pear and melon and vibrant acidity. Soft floral accents add depth to the nose, while well-integrated oak flavors infuse the palate and spice up the long finish. Delicious now, but shows promise for some aging."		91	20	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Rustenberg 2010 Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Rustenberg
France	"One of several properties owned by the Laplace family, this estate has produced a ripe, juicy and generously tannic wine. It has luscious acidity as well as bold black-currant fruit. With some dark tannins and a firm structure, it can age. Drink starting from 2018."	Domaine Mouréou	91	16	Southwest France	Madiran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Famille Laplace 2014 Domaine Mouréou Red (Madiran)	Red Blend	Famille Laplace
US	"From a vineyard in southern Oregon that is actually its own, self-contained AVA (Red Hill Douglas County), this wine is approaching full maturity at 5+ years of age. Soft, round and rather delicate, it has the light color and pleasant charm of a simple Bourgogne. Rhubarb, pomegranate, cherry, white pepper and a splash of root beer capture your interest; there is more going on than you'd suspect at first sip."	Red Hill Vineyard	89	24	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Oak Knoll 2008 Red Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Oak Knoll
Portugal	"Big, bold and fruity, this dense wine has rich, red berry fruits and firm tannins its the core. While ripe and fruity, there is a hint of salty sea spray from a cool maritime influence. Drink now."	Palha Canas	89	10	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2010 Palha Canas Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
US	"This still immature Pinot has tobacco-infused cherry, cola and pomegranate flavors that are liberally oaked and spiced. It's O.K. to drink immediately if you like freshness and vibrancy, but aging it for six years or even longer could reward."	Nugent Vineyard	91	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Stemmler 2009 Nugent Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Stemmler
Canada	"Smells oily, with a diesel-fuel note that some may find offputting. Rich and earthy on the palate, this bottling emphasizes spice, mineral and loam flavors, not the bright fruit of so many other Ontario products."	Select Late Harvest	86	18	Ontario	Lake Erie North Shore		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Colio 1998 Select Late Harvest Riesling (Lake Erie North Shore)	Riesling	Colio
France	"Very Sauvignon, with a strongly herbal character, the wine is crisp, tight and with intense acidity. It is all tangy fruit, ready to drink."	Bernier	84	14	Loire Valley	Val de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Les Frères Couillaud 2016 Bernier Sauvignon Blanc (Val de Loire)	Sauvignon Blanc	Les Frères Couillaud
Chile	"Dark in color, with minty oak on the nose, this is a medium-to-full, resiny wine with cinnamon and clove outmuscling plum and cherry flavors. Resiny oak, modest acidity and tertiary fruit flavors work the finish."		85	13	Bío Bío Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Llai Llai 2011 Pinot Noir (Bío Bío Valley)	Pinot Noir	Llai Llai
US	"Unique in style and sourced—these are the oldest Pinot Gris vines in the country—this young, yeasty, textural wine will surely continue to improve in the bottle. Give it a lot of breathing time, and complex layers of rock and fruit unfold. Jicama, cucumber, daikon radish...You get the idea. It tastes as clean and fresh as a mountain spring."	Original Vines	92	22	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	The Eyrie Vineyards 2011 Original Vines Pinot Gris (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Gris	The Eyrie Vineyards
US	"Clean aromas of cola, meat and wild berries are simple, and so is the wine in the mouth. Big fruit, spicy and sugary ripe, is wrapped in soft acids and tannins and a round, silky texture. Doesn't really drink like a California Syrah; more like a jammy, early drinking Aussie Shiraz. —S.H."		85	20	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Royal Oaks 2000 Syrah (Central Coast)	Syrah	Royal Oaks
New Zealand	"The husband-and-wife team of Mike and Claire Allen have turned out 2,000 cases of this terrific value, which delivers authentic Pinot Noir complexity at an attractive price. Bold black cherry fruit carries subtle herb, twig and vanilla shadings with aplomb, while the texture turns velvety on the lengthy finish. Drink now–2017."		91	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Huia 2009 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Huia
US	"With an underlying current of power and tension, this wine offers a wealth of chocolate, dust and tobacco leaf flavors, its texture softly layered with integrated tannin and oak. Complex and long on the finish, it continues to unravel in the glass."		93	108	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Alpha Omega 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alpha Omega
US	"A solid wine for the price, this shows lush aromas of baked red cherries, vanilla, caramel and clove. The palate is more restrained with tart, somewhat rigid tannins that will allow more fruit and spice flavors to emerge with patience."		86	15	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Hayes Valley 2014 Zinfandel (Central Coast)	Zinfandel	Hayes Valley
Italy	"This opens with earthy aromas of underbrush, game, scorched earth, sweat and ripe dark fruit. The chewy palate delivers juicy wild cherry, star anise and grilled herb framed in solid tannins."		90	30	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Prunotto 2012  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Prunotto
US	"This is a pretty wine, forward and fruit-driven, with orange-juice highlights around cherry fruit. It's as fresh and flavorful as a Cru Beaujolais, ready for immediate enjoyment and best consumed sometime this decade."		88	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Child's Play 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Child's Play
Italy	"A bright, lively wine made from Sangiovese, it has classic varietal aromas of blue flower, red berries, spice and just a whiff of leather. The palate delivers ripe red cherry accented with hints of white pepper, clove and cinnamon alongside firm but fine tannins and fresh acidity."		89	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Molino di Grace 2010  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Il Molino di Grace
US	"Aromas of kirsch and spiced plum mix with smoked meat, blue fruit and assorted herbs, with the Viognier (4%) blended in adding a floral top note. The palate offers dense, layered blue-fruit flavors that glide on the finish. Best by 2020."	The Beautiful	93	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	K Vintners 2012 The Beautiful Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	K Vintners
US	"Impressive in its size and weight, this wine has tart fruit flavors of pomegranate and blueberry, with a dusting of coffee grounds. Tannins are ripe, firm and sleek, and the structure impactful. This needs even more bottle age or some hours of aeration."	Estate Grown	91	30	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tranche 2010 Estate Grown Sangiovese (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Tranche
US	"This big, blackberry-infused Zinfandel has plenty of leather, roasted coffee, licorice and tobacco notes coming through. It's medium-bodied and complex, with an herbal hint on the finish."	Pilgrim Vineyard	87	37	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	V. Sattui 2009 Pilgrim Vineyard Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	V. Sattui
US	"Half tank fermented, half barrel fermented, this full-bodied and spicy effort marries apple and banana fruit flavors to a dash of piney herb. It strikes a different chord than most Willamette Valley Chardonnays, but has the suppleness and body to match most poultry dishes."	Anna Maria	88	22	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Valley View 2014 Anna Maria Chardonnay (Applegate Valley)	Chardonnay	Valley View
France	"Crisp apple flavors show strongly in this wine that offers good acidity and a tight, lively aftertaste. The brightness pushes the citrus character forward, leaving a lively, refreshing aftertaste."	Le Clos	88	40	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Albert Bichot 2014 Le Clos  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Albert Bichot
Italy	"You'll find ripe plum, forest floor, exotic spice, menthol and espresso aromas in this structured red. The palate is bright and linear with youthful tension, delivering red cherry, strawberry, white pepper and anise notes set against compact, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2020–2030."		91	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pietroso 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Pietroso
Austria	"Notions of ripe, red apple are deliciously pervaded by spiky lemon freshness, creating a tension between tart crispness and inviting ripeness—much like a perfectly balanced apple itself—just supercharged and concentrated. This seems to have a drive all of its own and a luminous, appetizing, irresistible fruitiness."	Seeberg Reserve	93	40	Kamptal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Weszeli 2014 Seeberg Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Weszeli
France	"Fresh in style, especially for the hot, dry 2007 vintage, reflecting the slightly higher elevation of the Massif d'Uchaux, this medium-bodied wine offers oodles of cherry-berry fruit. It's nothing too serious or complex, just good, quaffable pleasure to consume over the next 2–3 years."	Massif d'Uchaux	86	12	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône Villages		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine de la Renjarde 2007 Massif d'Uchaux Red (Côtes du Rhône Villages)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine de la Renjarde
France	"Peach and pear flavors give a rich feel to this warm wine. It has vanilla and cream flavors, with a citrus character that cuts through the ripeness on the finish. Ready to drink."		87	18	Burgundy	Mâcon-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Denis Dutron 2010  Mâcon-Fuissé	Chardonnay	Denis Dutron
US	"A huge wine with ripe blackberries, currants, dark chocolate and raisins. The oak is strong, and there's some heat from alcohol. The impact is of a dramatically layered wine, but one whose internal conflicts may not allow it to age long enough for the hard tannins to outlive the fruit. Drink now–2016."	Single Vineyard	91	100	California	Yountville	Napa			Ghost Block 2010 Single Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Yountville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ghost Block
France	"A blend of Syrah and Grenache from organic vineyards gives a herbal, very southern taste to this ripe wine. It is still young and showing both acidity and a firm structure. As it develops further, it will get a rich, full and plummy character. Drink from 2017."	Les Trois Frères	89	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Aspras 2013 Les Trois Frères Red (Côtes de Provence)	Red Blend	Domaine des Aspras
France	"From vines around the village of Epfig (“E”), this is a wonderfully pure wine that's fragrant and crisp. It has apple and citrus flavors lightly blessed by honey. Acidity cuts right through the fruitiness, giving the wine a tight and steely aftertaste."	Vignoble d'E	90	27	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Ostertag 2011 Vignoble d'E Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Ostertag
Argentina	"Crafted in a New World way, this displays toasty, creamy oak and baked apple aromas. The palate is healthy and bold, while flavors of popcorn, white bread, butter, honeydew and banana maintain freshness and clarity across the finish."	Felino	90	21	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Cobos 2015 Felino Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Viña Cobos
US	"Super-fruity in the mouth, like liquid, chilled apricot, pineapple, Meyer lemon and kiwi jam, with the heat of alcohol. It's fortunately crisp and clean in acidity. Will appeal to fans of slightly sweet white wines."		84	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Astrale e Terra 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Astrale e Terra
Chile	"Crisp aromas of zesty citrus fold in touches of brine and bitterness. Fresh and peppery on the palate, it has pyrazinic flavors of bell pepper, arugula and passion fruit. A juicy, briny, mildly bitter finish is typical for Leyda SB."	Reserva	86	12	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	MontGras 2013 Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	MontGras
Italy	"Made entirely with Cabernet Sauvignon, this has a subdued nose, eventually revealing aromas of black-skinned fruit and baking spice. The robust palate offers French oak, vanilla and a hint of cedar alongside rounded tannins."	Velthune	88	40	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Poggio Rosso 2013 Velthune Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tenuta Poggio Rosso
US	"The winery calls this their “Bunny Cuvée” due to the rabbit on the label. It's well made, of fair value, with sharp details. Cranberry and raspberry fruit flavors punch through with a gentle streak of cola. The finish comes with a hint of composted earth."		88	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coelho 2015 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Coelho
US	"Merlot (78%) takes the lead on this blend, with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon (14%), Cabernet Franc (6%) and Petit Verdot (2%). Fragrant aromas of green tea, flowery herb, barrel spice and cherry aromas are followed by concentrated, silky-soft red- and black-fruit flavors and exquisitely integrated tannins."	Long Haul	91	55	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Mark Ryan 2014 Long Haul Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Mark Ryan
Argentina	This herbal wine has grassy plum aromas and a touch of cowhide on the nose. Aggressive tannins and sharp acidity run alongside leafy plum and raspberry flavors. Chocolaty oak with vanilla sweetness helps things along.	Celador	84	22	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cielo y Tierra 2009 Celador Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Cielo y Tierra
Spain	"This appealing Rioja hits with prune and raisin aromas. On the palate, bulky, grabby tannins are rugged and provide structure to an otherwise very ripe wine. Flavors of coconut, mocha, plum and black currant give this a Mounds bar character. Drink through 2022."	Dalmau	91	69	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Murrieta 2011 Dalmau  (Rioja)	Red Blend	Marqués de Murrieta
South Africa	"Muted, soft scents of green apple, orange peel and underripe banana dance on the nose, while the zippy, prickly palate offers pithy flavors of citrus zest, ending slightly bitter. Drink now."		86	20	Walker Bay			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Bouchard Finlayson 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Walker Bay)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bouchard Finlayson
US	"Coming from an esteemed vineyard best known for its Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine offers beguiling, very varietal aromas of plum, fresh herb and spice. The palate is soft and silky, showing a lot of elegance, with plenty of barrel accents."	Red Willow Vineyard	89	49	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	DeLille 2014 Red Willow Vineyard Malbec (Yakima Valley)	Malbec	DeLille
Italy	"Here's a fresh, savory white made from Trebbiano and Sémillon grapes. It opens with aromas of pineapple, exotic fruit and white wildflowers that carry over to the linear palate alongside Mediterranean herb, yellow peach and lemon zest. Tangy acidity provides balance and generates a crisp, clean finish."	Memorino	90	32	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	I Giusti e Zanza 2014 Memorino White (Toscana)	White Blend	I Giusti e Zanza
US	"This medium-bodied wine has a light color, earthy and herbal scents, a tart cherry flavor and a dry finish."		82	15	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sola 2015 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Sola
France	"Lacking intensity, the nose exhibits mild notes of ripe red apple while the palate adds a touch of canteloupe. Fat and round with a fleeting finish, the wine never really makes a strong impression."	Kosher	81	13	Languedoc-Roussillon	Vin de Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Fortant 2005 Kosher Chardonnay (Vin de Pays d'Oc)	Chardonnay	Fortant
US	"This is a flamboyant wine made in the oaky style. It's opulent in pineapple, golden mango and pear flavors, with a coating of sweet oak. The richness is brightened by tart acidity. Drink this flashy wine now, with the richest fare you can."	Estate	90	28	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			McIntyre Vineyards 2010 Estate Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	McIntyre Vineyards
US	"Just barely out of barrel when released, this will surely benefit from another year or so in bottle. The watermelon and strawberry fruit is pretty and light, and the acids have a peachy tang, but the mouthfeel is not yet quite integrated."		86	23	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Louloute 2015 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Louloute
Portugal	"This is the top wine in the Wine & Soul range from Sandra Tavares da Silva and Jorge Serôdio Borges. It is a great wine in every sense, from its power and density to its grace and style. Allied with the black fruits, there are huge tannins and a dark, brooding character that promises long-term aging. Drink from 2020."	Pintas	96	100	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wine & Soul 2013 Pintas Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wine & Soul
Spain	"A sappy wild-berry aroma turns mulchy with airing. The palate feels sharp and puckery, with very high acidity that creates short, tart, ultrajuicy raspberry and red plum flavors."	Crianza	81	15	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Antigua 2008 Crianza Red (La Mancha)	Red Blend	Finca Antigua
US	"There's a touch of Riesling-like petrol to the nose of this best-barrels Chardonnay from Testarossa, as well as dried citrus, fresh roasted cashews and Chinese almond cookie. The palate is very soft, with ripe fruit such as baked oranges. A nicely buttered touch bolsters the refreshing, mouthwatering acidity."	Diana's	93	61	California	California	California Other	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2012 Diana's Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
Italy	"Alluring scents of fragrant blue flower, rose, chopped mint, sunbaked earth and red berry mingle in the glass. The aromas carry over to the medium-bodied palate, along with mature black cherry and a hint of brown spice. Close-grained tannins leave a firm finish."	Riserva	89	45	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vecchie Terre di Montefili 2011 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Vecchie Terre di Montefili
US	"Sweet and luscious, with powerful raspberry and cherry fruit. Made from 100% Syrah grown in the Moorman Vineyard, it was aged for nearly two years in French oak, much of it new. The alcohol is fairly high, giving the wine a full-bodied, glyceriney mouthfeel."		91	35	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Epiphany 2009 Syrah (Sta. Rita Hills)	Syrah	Epiphany
US	"This is classic Edna Valley Pinot Noir: dry, light bodied, with crisp acidity, modest alcohol and forward flavors of raspberry, cherry and cola. Production was just shy of 2,500 cases."		88	25	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Claiborne & Churchill 2009 Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Claiborne & Churchill
France	"The vineyard of the medieval Château de Mercey has produced a fully structured, fully fruity wine in 2010. It has ripe berry fruits, layers of acidity and a firm core of tannins. It should age over the next 3–4 years."	Château de Mercey	89	28	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Antonin Rodet 2010 Château de Mercey  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Antonin Rodet
US	"Good Pinot character, but dry and unyielding. If you search for richness, you'll find a core of raspberries and cherries. Die-hard Burgundians will like the earthy, subtle complexities. Drink now."		87	20	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			La Fenêtre 2009 Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	La Fenêtre
Italy	"Fragrances recall wet leaves, underbrush, forest berries and baking spices with a touch of espresso. The palate reveals black cherry accented with black pepper and espresso alongside bracing, tongue-drying tannins. This is a big wine, but the fruit isn't quite rich enough to support the evident alcohol."		88	50	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mastrojanni 2009  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Mastrojanni
Portugal	"An attractive wine that is herbaceous, with a hint of citrus and with a richer texture that also offers fresh pears and cream. A good, fresh apéritif."	Quinta de Cidrô	86	20	Duriense			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Real Companhia Velha 2009 Quinta de Cidrô Sauvignon Blanc (Duriense)	Sauvignon Blanc	Real Companhia Velha
US	"Cassis spritzer and pine tree-like herbals provide a promising start on the nose. It's rich in the mouth, with cherry, blackberry and a nice edge of black pepper."		90	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tolosa 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tolosa
US	"Young and fresh in citrusy acidity, with forward fruit flavors of cherries, raspberries, pomegranates, cola, bacon and sweet oak. Good and dry and silky, but immature."	Stony Point Vineyards	90	35	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			James Family Cellars 2007 Stony Point Vineyards Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	James Family Cellars
New Zealand	"Grassy, herbal notes accent grapefruit and lime aromas, while riper hints of stone fruit sneak in on the palate, adding roundness and weight. Dusty, slightly chalky nuances on the finish give the impression of dry minerality."	Small Parcels Spitfire	90	26	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kim Crawford 2014 Small Parcels Spitfire Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kim Crawford
France	"Full and ripe, this wine also has good acidity that gives a lively edge to the yellow-fruit flavors. Along with the peach and apricot fruits, it presents refreshing crispness. The aftertaste delivers a great lift of acidity."		89	20	Burgundy	Mâcon-Davayé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Croix Senaillet 2014  Mâcon-Davayé	Chardonnay	Domaine de la Croix Senaillet
Italy	"This opens with aromas of intense mint, menthol and a whiff of ripe dark-skinned fruit. On the palate, anise, espresso and ground pepper add depth to dried black cherry while polished tannins provided support. Drink through 2019."	Salicaria	91	35	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Grignano 2009 Salicaria Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Fattoria di Grignano
Germany	"Smoke, earth and bramble tones meander amidst tart stone fruit and tangerine flavors in this bristling kabinett. Off dry in style, it's juicy and effortlessly quaffable, yet subtly nuanced with lingering hints of blossom, saffron and herb."	Brauneberger Kabinett	92	32	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fritz Haag 2013 Brauneberger Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Fritz Haag
US	"With a touch of smoky, honeyed oak, this Chard has forward peach, pear and tropical fruit flavors, balanced with a crisp streak of acidity. Nice and versatile, it's a good Chard at a fair price."		85	12	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Tortoise Creek 2006 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Tortoise Creek
US	"A simple, everyday Chardonnay that's refreshingly crisp, with sweet lime, orange, pear and vanilla flavors."		83	10	California	California	California Other			Pepi 2011 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Pepi
Germany	"Slightly earthy, savory tones of lanolin and herb lend complexity to a palate that's lavish with peach and quince jelly flavors. Semi-sweet in style, it's quaffable and refreshing with its fruity exuberance offset by a cutting, stark acidity."	Brauneberger Juffer Spätlese	90	38	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fritz Haag 2012 Brauneberger Juffer Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Fritz Haag
US	A Zin of high-toned red raspberry and blackberry fruit and dark plum that segues quickly into oaky toast tastes.	Old Vine	85	16	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rail2Rail 2011 Old Vine Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Rail2Rail
Chile	"If you want to taste a true cool-climate SB with chiseled aromas and tons of cutting acidity, this is it. Aromas are lightly vegetal but also include citrus and passion fruit. Flavors of tangerine, passion fruit, rosemary and thyme finish citrusy and zesty. This is so linear it will cut through almost any kind of food."	Marea	90	25	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luis Felipe Edwards 2013 Marea Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Luis Felipe Edwards
Germany	"While more mineral than fruity, this briskly structured dry Riesling offers loads of mouthwatering refreshment. Zesty lime and lemon-pith flavors awaken the midpalate, leading to a long, stony finish. Drink now through 2021."	Buntsandstein Trocken	89	21	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Pflüger 2015 Buntsandstein Trocken Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Pflüger
Italy	"Aromas of violet, cured meat, sage and a whiff of underbrush lead the nose. The light simple palate offers up cranberry, sour cherry and a hint of orange zest alongside both firm acidity and relaxed tannins."		86	23	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio il Castellare 2014  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Poggio il Castellare
Italy	"This opens with aromas of red berry, rose petal, roasted coffee bean and brown cooking spice. On the palate, notes of anise, sage and white pepper accent raw red cherry alongside bracing tannins. Drink 2018–2024."	Quarantadue42	88	34	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rattalino 2012 Quarantadue42  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Rattalino
US	"Notes of olive, herbs, flowers, orange peel, gravel, meat, coffee and light barrel spices leap up on a wine that shows a lot of aromatic complexity. The fruit and savory flavors are plush and full in feel followed by a lingering finish. There's a whole lot of wine delivered for this price."		90	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2013 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"Fat, oily, unctuous and honeyed. Shows massive pineapple, mango, tangerine and Asian pear fruit, with a savory spiciness and plenty of sweet, smoky oak. As ripe as it is, it's saved from simplicity by brilliant acidity, a mineral cleanliness, and a thoroughly dry finish."	Heintz Vineyard	94	50	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2009 Heintz Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Williams Selyem
Spain	"This funky white from the island of Mallorca is 50% Premsal and 50% Callet, and if you've never heard of those grapes you're not alone. The nose is a bit harsh and strange, while the palate is on the flat side. Flavors of ham, pithy citrus and nectarine finish jumbled. This is more of a unique oddity than great white wine."	Quíbia Falanis	86	16	Spanish Islands	Vi de la Terra Mallorca		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ànima Negra 2013 Quíbia Falanis White (Vi de la Terra Mallorca)	White Blend	Ànima Negra
US	"Le Cadeau's Equinoxe Cuvée is the winery's most limited offering, just 110 cases. Quite distinctive, it carries a high, piercing caraway note, but also offers rich, ripe, chunky cherry fruit and streaks of cola and caramel. It's concentrated and chewy, a substantial wine with a soft, lengthy finish incorporating earth, leaf and pepper."	Equinoxe	91	47	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Le Cadeau 2006 Equinoxe Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Le Cadeau
France	"Still toasty, this is a fruity, spicy wine. Firm tannins form the backdrop to the red berry fruits and fresh acidity. It will develop attractively over the next few years, so drink from 2017."		86	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Maison Noble 2013  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Maison Noble
US	"This is an incredibly beautiful and yes, joyful, sparkler, made from equal parts Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. This particular offering was disgorged in July 2016. It positively impresses in minerality, complemented by a more fulsome sense of lemon, apple and hazelnut on the creamy palate, leaving a rich trail of silk on the finish."	Joy! Estate Bottled	98	250	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Iron Horse 2003 Joy! Estate Bottled Sparkling (Green Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Iron Horse
US	"Just shows you don't need a super high score to have a super drinkable wine with steak, pork, veal, chicken, or just a simple burger. Blended from Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot, Merlot and Malbec, all of them great varieties, the wine is dry, sophisticated and rich in berry and currant flavors."	Big Guy	88	20	California	California	California Other			Big Guy 2007 Big Guy Red (California)	Red Blend	Big Guy
US	"With a reductive quality and prominent oak, this is a thick, concentrated wine built on unwavering tannins. The fruit is elusive and shy. Clove and cola eke out of an earthy element that's part rose garden, part smoke and eucalyptus."	Don Miguel Vineyard Earthquake Block	86	59	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Marimar Estate 2014 Don Miguel Vineyard Earthquake Block Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Marimar Estate
Australia	"This medium-bodied Barossa blend displays supple tannins and a silky finish, making it immediately accessible. Hints of smoke and sweat and complexity to the currant aromas and flavors."	Clancy's - Shiraz - Cabernet Sauvignon - Merlot	87	16	South Australia	Barossa		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Peter Lehmann 2007 Clancy's - Shiraz - Cabernet Sauvignon - Merlot Red (Barossa)	Red Blend	Peter Lehmann
France	"Dense and dark in color, this wine has a black currant flavor. The tannins are ripe and soft, and the texture has a fresh lilt to it from the acidity and fruitiness. Only on the finish do the youthful tannins show, promising medium-term aging."		88	22	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bessan Ségur 2010  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Bessan Ségur
US	"Rather sharp and dominated by piquant cranberry and field aromas. Light in color, with lean red-fruit flavors. A little green and heavily oaked—the dill and pickle from the wood show boldly. Has some good characteristics, but they’re just too hard to get at. From the hotter reaches of southern Oregon."	Barrel Select	82	16	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Girardet 1998 Barrel Select Pinot Noir (Umpqua Valley)	Pinot Noir	Girardet
US	"Direct in fruit, simple in structure, this Cab shows ripe blackberry, cherry, chocolate, vanilla and spice flavors. Best enjoyed with easy fare like hamburgers and such."	Reserve	84	16	California	Lake County				Wildhurst 2005 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Wildhurst
US	"While this Chardonnay is packed with ripe pineapple, pear and tropical fruit and has decent acidity, it's awkwardly sugary and raw. Tastes like Chinese sweet and sour sauce. The fruit is good, but the wine needs to be drier."		83	32	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Sixteen by Twenty 2009 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Sixteen by Twenty
US	"Bright in cherry and cranberry, this classically styled Nebbiolo is light red in color and buoyant in acidity. A sanguine back layer brings the earthier elements of the wine to life. With not much Nebbiolo to try in California, this one is worth a taste to savor the possibilities."		89	24	California	Yolo County	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rosa d'Oro 2012 Nebbiolo (Yolo County)	Nebbiolo	Rosa d'Oro
US	"Part of the winery's line of single-clone Pinots, this is a bit chunkier than the others, with strawberries and cherries lightly finished with a milk chocolate frame. The midpalate is medium bodied and holds together through the finish."	Wadenswil Clone	89	50	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amalie Robert 2011 Wadenswil Clone Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Amalie Robert
Italy	"This opens with aromas of toast, oak, stewed plum and a balsamic note. The concentrated palate offers vanilla, fleshy black fruit, menthol, mocha and sage. It's savory but already evolved and fast approaching its ideal drinking window. Enjoy through 2020."	Vigna Pian Bossolino	88	89	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Terralsole 2010 Vigna Pian Bossolino  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Terralsole
Chile	"This unoaked Chardonnay starts with aromas of citrus and stalky greens. It's plump in the mouth, with soft acids and flavors of pineapple and other tropical fruits. It's just fresh enough, but mostly it's innocuous."	Santa Digna Reserva	84	12	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Miguel Torres 2012 Santa Digna Reserva Chardonnay (Central Valley)	Chardonnay	Miguel Torres
US	"Earthy, like some Napa Chards, with a sage and thyme edge to the pear and peach fruit. The wine also is a little soft. But there's an interesting minerality. Could develop bottle complexity over the next few years."	Brosseau Vineyard	87	39	California	Chalone	Central Coast			Testarossa 2006 Brosseau Vineyard Chardonnay (Chalone)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
Spain	"Tree bark, rubber and berry aromas get this blend going. The palate shows piquant, zesty acidity, which pumps up dry, herbal, tangy flavors of red-berry fruits. On the finish, it's all about rubber, pepper, herbs and tomato, all wrapped in zesty acidity."	Aldonza Navamarín Limited Edition	87	59	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Dehesas y Viñedos de Navamarín 2008 Aldonza Navamarín Limited Edition Red (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Red Blend	Dehesas y Viñedos de Navamarín
US	"Pretty orange blossom notes morph into zesty white grapefruit and lime in this exceptionally light off-dry Riesling. It's delicately concentrated on the palate but offers loads of invigorating, waterfall-like refreshment."	Doyle Fournier Vineyard	89	26	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Silver Thread 2015 Doyle Fournier Vineyard Riesling (Seneca Lake)	Riesling	Silver Thread
Spain	"Dark berry aromas are calm and oaky. This blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon feels full and blocky, although bold acidity helps. Minty, oaky flavors of plum, cassis and tomato are salty and spicy, while this runs long on a finish that boasts a ripe-fruit base."	Cuatrocientos Crianza	89	18	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Inurrieta 2011 Cuatrocientos Crianza Red (Navarra)	Red Blend	Inurrieta
Argentina	"An earthy heavily oaked nose includes jammy notes of spiced black plum. A thick beefy chewy palate delivers savory herbal black-fruit flavors. A blocky finish is tannic, and overall the sum is about equal to its parts. Drink through 2021."	Finca Castro Barros	90	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Enrique Foster 2011 Finca Castro Barros Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Enrique Foster
US	"With its red currant fruit, this wine is softly structured and round with richness, finishing full-bodied and leathery."		86	55	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Atali Winery 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Oak Knoll District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Atali Winery
Argentina	"Inky berry and smoky, minerally aromas of charcoal properly introduce a saturated palate with tons of oak but even more fruit at its base. This supercharged Malbec is almost over the top, with massive blackberry, chocolate and molasses flavors. Burnt toast and chocolate mint-chip flavors on the finish confirm that this is a monster red. Drink through 2023."	Single Vineyard Temis	95	48	Mendoza Province	Valle de Uco		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Vista 2012 Single Vineyard Temis Malbec (Valle de Uco)	Malbec	Alta Vista
US	"Zesty acidity shines a spotlight on fresh citrus and mineral tones in this blend of Riesling and Gewürztraminer. It's not deeply concentrated on the palate, but a kiss of white blossom lends elegance to the finish."	Fathom 107	86	20	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wagner 2013 Fathom 107 White (Seneca Lake)	White Blend	Wagner
Italy	"Made for early drinking, this bright wine delivers red berry fruit lightly accented with sage and baking spices. It's not an ager so enjoy now through 2020."		88	34	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Reversanti 2010  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Reversanti
Italy	"This easygoing red offers aromas of ripe raspberry, coffee and a whiff of herb. The simple, rather diluted palate offers wild cherry and a hint of clove alongside fleeting tannins."	Casalino	85	40	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bonacchi 2011 Casalino  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Bonacchi
US	"This 100% varietal wine offers aromas of barrel spices, mint, dried fruit and barnyard. It's full bodied but still shows good deftness."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	88	40	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	:Nota Bene 2011 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	:Nota Bene
New Zealand	"Veteran Kevin Judd has turned out another fine effort. Passion fruit and pea tendril aromas impart a welcome green edge that's never overwhelming, picking up layers of white grapefruit on the plump, medium-bodied palate. The finish is intense, long and citrusy."		91	23	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Greywacke 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Greywacke
Portugal	"A blend of Touriga Nacional and Touriga Franca, this dark-colored, serious wine is concentrated and structured. It offers black fruits, giving a brooding character that's full of power. The aftertaste with its acidity and juicy fruit is elevated and leaves with a lift."	Andreza	89	18	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2013 Andreza Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
US	"Rustic but fascinating earthy and herbaceous aromas join rich dark fruit flavors in this voluptuous wine that's delicious now but best after 2020. It has full body, dense but melted tannins, and an array of spice, mineral and tobacco nuances that build with each sip and linger on the finish."	Christian's Reserve	93	48	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Six Sigma Ranch 2012 Christian's Reserve Tempranillo (Lake County)	Tempranillo	Six Sigma Ranch
Portugal	"Homenagem is an homage to the current owner's father and grandfather. With its rich fruit, this field blend made from old vines, breaks the mold of reds from the north of Portugal. Dense and firm, it has a tannic element as well as acidity. It is ready to drink now."	Homenagem Reserva	90	19	Minho			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa do Valle 2012 Homenagem Reserva Red (Minho)	Portuguese Red	Casa do Valle
France	"This deliciously perfumed wine originates from a small appellation west of Sancerre. With its crisp texture and aromatic Sauvignon Blanc grapes, it is a wine to appreciate as an apéritif rather than drink with food."		88	19	Loire Valley	Quincy		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Michel Sorbe 2015  Quincy	Sauvignon Blanc	Jean-Michel Sorbe
US	"Dry and full-bodied, this Cabernet gets the basic idea across, with blackberry and oak flavors that are a little vegetal."	Master Lot Reserve	83	15	California	California	California Other			Wolfgang Puck 2011 Master Lot Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Wolfgang Puck
US	"In addition to the fig and yellow apple aromas, there's noticeable tropicality on the nose of this wine, but it tightens around tart Meyer lemon pith and crushed ants. Ripe lemons also power the sharp and pithy palate, which offers a shred of roasted almonds and marzipan."		90	24	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talley 2013 Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
US	"A large-production wine that's simple and straightforward in its dark cherry flavor and soft texture, this wine is a crowd-pleaser. It finishes quick but satisfying."	181-Merlot	85	13	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Noble Vines 2010 181-Merlot Merlot (Lodi)	Merlot	Noble Vines
Italy	"Aromas of underbrush, leather, flint, wild berry and a balsamic note mingle in the glass. The structured palate delivers dried cherry, crushed raspberry, grilled herb and anise alongside firm, fine-grained tannins and fresh acidity. Hold for additional complexity; drink 2018–2035."	Black Label	95	90	Piedmont	Carema		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ferrando 2010 Black Label  (Carema)	Nebbiolo	Ferrando
France	"This is a soft, creamed apple wine, with touches of toast. It has a great lemon zest character that brings freshness as well as brilliant acidity. The finish is textured, very fresh."	Cuvée des Moines Brut Blanc de Blancs	88	65	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Besserat de Bellefon NV Cuvée des Moines Brut Blanc de Blancs Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Besserat de Bellefon
France	The wine goes for the herbal side of Sauvignon Blanc with its green-fruit and gooseberry flavors. There is a grassy character that gives the wine its intensely crisp acidity. Drink this wine from 2018 so it can calm down.	Florilège	88	25	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Romain Reverdy 2015 Florilège  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Romain Reverdy
US	"This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (54%), Merlot (33%), Cabernet Franc (8%) and Petit Verdot hails from six up-and-coming vineyards on Red Mountain. It suggests coffee and cream, vanilla and dark cherry, with a high-toned herbal grace note. The feel is soft and supple with coffee flavors that linger, winning on its elegant, ultracharming appeal."	4040	91	32	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Fidelitas 2012 4040 Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Fidelitas
Argentina	"This concentrated, midnight-black Malbec delivers the aromatic goods in the form of charcoal, grilled meat and blackberry scents. An extracted palate benefits from core acidity, while black cherry, cassis and blackberry flavors come to rest on a rich but controlled finish. Drink through 2018."	Chento Vineyard Selection	91	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Cuarto Dominio 2012 Chento Vineyard Selection Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Cuarto Dominio
Austria	"Spritz and lemony freshness characterize this light-footed offering. It almost fizzes with freshness and verve and remains firmly in the greenish-yellow citrus spectrum of refreshing flavors. A perfect, light summer sip."	Senftenberger Piri Reserve	90	39	Kremstal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Nigl 2014 Senftenberger Piri Reserve Riesling (Kremstal)	Riesling	Nigl
US	"This is a well-rounded rosé that is bound to disappear quickly from the table, with aromas of strawberry, bubble gum and peach riding a rainy-day springtime freshness on the nose. The palate explodes with acidity and textural grip, carrying both ripeness to satisfy New World fans and the deft tactile experience of Old World selections."	Indie	91	19	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	ONX 2016 Indie Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	ONX
Italy	"This blend of Friulano, Malvasia Istriana and Pinot Bianco has ripe pear, fragrant yellow flower, herb and graphite aromas. The elegant, medium-bodied palate doles out yellow apple, candied lemon drop and bitter almond hints, with fresh acidity."	Fosarin	90	21	Northeastern Italy	Collio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ronco dei Tassi 2015 Fosarin White (Collio)	White Blend	Ronco dei Tassi
US	"This splendid, resonant, beautifully detailed wine captures everything that is most desirable in the 2014 vintage. Blackberry and black cherry fruit, adorned with a sprinkling of Sumatra coffee beans, rocks on with polished tannins. The pleasing roasted character is just right to power it through a clean, sexy finish. Drink now and on through 2026."	Gran Moraine Vineyard	95	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Aberrant Cellars 2014 Gran Moraine Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Aberrant Cellars
Argentina	"Altocedro's 2011 stable of high-end Malbecs all carry something in common: heavy, creamy oak that gives the wines severe milk chocolate and vanilla characteristics. This is sticky in feel, with ripe berry fruit, mulchy earth and resiny flavors. Carob, vanilla and cocoa flavors control a syrupy finish."	Gran Reserva	87	65	Mendoza Province	La Consulta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Altocedro 2011 Gran Reserva Malbec (La Consulta)	Malbec	Altocedro
Chile	"Strange aromas of tree bark, pool water and funky berry fruit are not inviting. This organic Cabernet feels awkward and grabby, while flavors of jammy berry fruits finish flabby, wayward and with little charm."	Organic	80	14	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Teillery 2014 Organic Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Teillery
US	"Tremendously complex, offering ever-changing elements for the palate to discover. Cherries, raspberries, dusty spices, gingerbread, bacon fat, sweet vanilla, toast, they all flood together. Delicious, but seems a little soft, possibly lacking the structure to age."	Alexis Skye	90	49	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Ellman Family 2008 Alexis Skye Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Ellman Family
Portugal	This is a strange version of the Sauvignon Blanc. It is vegetal and herbal with a salty edge from the ocean breezes close by. The fruitiness of the grape is missing in this lightly toasty wine. Drink now.		82	19	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Adega Mãe 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Lisboa)	Sauvignon Blanc	Adega Mãe
US	"Full-priced, full-bodied, and the full complement of just about all you want in a Rutherford Cab. Port-like aromas lead a pure and layered palate that features cassis, cherry, tobacco and cocoa. What an array of flavors, and then it finishes with dusty tannins and a tight grip. The gang at BV sure know how to craft Cabernet."	Clone 4	93	130	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Beaulieu Vineyard 1997 Clone 4 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beaulieu Vineyard
US	"One of the best Russian River Pinots you can buy at this price. Shows classically rich pomegranate, persimmon and cherry fruit, enhanced with sweet oak, with a silky texture and a long, spicy finish. Kudos to winemaker Ed Kurtzman for bringing it all together."		92	32	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			August West 2011 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	August West
US	"A superb Sauvignon Blanc. The cool vintage gives it brilliant acidity, modest alcohol and dryness, yet it's wonderfully rich in long hangtime citrus, wet stone, green apple, apricot and mineral flavors. Better than the excellent 2008, a white Bordeaux-style wine to drink now."		92	36	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Alpha Omega 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Alpha Omega
France	"This wine is concentrated and shows hints of bitter extraction as well as ripe fruit. There is a tough dryness that will soften given time, yielding a palate that's rich and fulfilling. Wait until 2016."		86	25	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Croix Mouton 2011  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Croix Mouton
US	"This estate wine melds luxurious texture and ripeness with zesty, buoyant acidity, integrating the flavors with 100% neutral oak. Straightforward in its approach, it'll serve well at the table, offering soft, approachable character and a plethora of quality fruit."	Estate	90	36	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Nicholson Ranch 2013 Estate Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Nicholson Ranch
US	"The floral aromas and tangy grapefruit flavors of this medium-bodied wine are wonderfully vivid. It tastes nicely concentrated, becomes riper with each sip, and has a lingering finish."	Solstice	90	20	California	Nevada County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sierra Starr 2015 Solstice Sauvignon Blanc (Nevada County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sierra Starr
Chile	"Gritty aromas of asphalt and black olive complement saucy berry notes. This feels full, rubbery and tannic, while the flavors are soupy and baked, with herbal elements folded in. On a long finish, herbal flavors of fennel and licorice are front and center."	1865 Single Vineyard	89	19	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Pedro 2011 1865 Single Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	San Pedro
US	"Pepper Bridge and Stoney Vine vineyards contribute equally to this 100% varietal wine. It's the barrel influence that shows through first, with woodspice followed by green herbs, coffee and dark plum. The palate is rich with focused coffee and dark fruit flavors that have a touch of astringency."		89	29	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Beresan 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beresan
Germany	"Racy and revitalizing, this delicate off-dry Riesling balances a core of fresh white peach and citrus flavors with savory smoke and nut tones. Fresh and easy going in style, it's a likely to please a wide audience."	Kabinett	88	13	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Heinz Eifel 2013 Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Heinz Eifel
US	"A very bright, citrusy Sierra Foothills Sauvignon Blanc, very fairly priced, that tastes of cool lemonade on a summer's day."	Estate	87	10	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Clos du Lac 2012 Estate Sauvignon Blanc (Sierra Foothills)	Sauvignon Blanc	Clos du Lac
US	"Shows the dry tannins and astringency of youthful Hanzell, but these Pinot Noirs are famously capable of extended aging. Tastes almost rustic now, with a deep core of cherries and cola. The oak is unintegrated, further accentuating the wine's immaturity. Needs time. Better after 2013, and should develop for an additional decade."		91	95	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Hanzell 2007 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Valley)	Pinot Noir	Hanzell
US	"This 100% Cabernet is a good wine, rich in blackberry, black currant and new oak flavors, and the tannins show that famous Stags Leap “iron fist in a velvet glove” quality. It seems a little hollow in the midpalate, reminiscent of the 2006 and 2007 vintages. Drink now–2017."	S.L.V.	88	125	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Stag's Leap Wine Cellars 2009 S.L.V. Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stag's Leap Wine Cellars
US	"A good, everyday wine showing how well Paso Robles ripens Cabernet. It's filled with savory blackberry and cherry flavors that go down nice and easy, leading to a spicy finish. Drink now–2014."	Vineyard Selection	87	19	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Eberle 2009 Vineyard Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Eberle
Italy	"The modest cherry, dark berry and black tea notes of this light wine show tell-tale orange-peel notes of decline. This feels just too thin and tired at an early age."		81	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Valiano 1997  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Valiano
Argentina	"Odd aromas of bath soap and cherry feed into a creamy, rubbery feeling palate."	Alto Limay Select	82	30	Other	Patagonia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Familia Schroeder 2012 Alto Limay Select Pinot Noir (Patagonia)	Pinot Noir	Familia Schroeder
France	"This rich wine has plenty of spicy fruit and a tangy texture. With attractive nutmeg flavors and light touch of tannin, it's definitely a food wine. Drink now."		86	20	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Bonhoste 2016 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château de Bonhoste
New Zealand	"This light- to medium-bodied wine features slightly vegetative notes of cherry tomato and tomato leaf, kept focused by tart acids. That crispness could serve it well as a foil to rich salmon dishes."		85	25	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Lake Chalice 2013 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Lake Chalice
France	"Close to Epernay and on the cusp of the Chardonnay-dominated Côte des Blancs, this producer has Grand Cru holdings in the village of Chouilly. Those vines have produced a wine that balances mineral-laced fruit with a soft aftertaste. Young and with apple flavors, it's great now but will continue to develop in the cellar. Drink from 2018."	Blanc de Blancs Réserve Brut	90	49	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vazart Coquart & Fils NV Blanc de Blancs Réserve Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Vazart Coquart & Fils
France	"Soft, rounded and fruity, with apple flavors, this is pretty anonymous in character. Drink now."	Alphonse Dolly Les Doigts d'Or de Dolly	83	14	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Eric Louis 2016 Alphonse Dolly Les Doigts d'Or de Dolly Chardonnay (Vin de France)	Chardonnay	Eric Louis
France	"This is a floral wine that combines structure, firm acidity and intensely ripe fruit. Flavors of green fruit, citrus, toast and some smoke give complexity to this concentrated, full-bodied effort."	Les Combettes Premier Cru	92	87	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vincent Girardin 2010 Les Combettes Premier Cru  (Puligny-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Domaine Vincent Girardin
France	"Lemon and green apple are the chief flavors of this easy Riesling that provides honest and uncomplicated refreshment. It finishes dry, with a fresh, lemony aftertaste."	Tradition	87	19	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Bernhard & Reibel 2014 Tradition Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Bernhard & Reibel
Spain	"Peach, melon, citrus and yeasty notes define the nose on this dry brut nature. This offers good texture, fluffy carbonation and citrusy acidity in front of papaya, dry mango, nectarine and peach flavors. The finish is fruity in flavor and citrusy in feel."	Laietà Privat Gran Reserva Brut Nature	88	35	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Alella 2010 Laietà Privat Gran Reserva Brut Nature Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Alta Alella
US	"Elegant black currant, clove and leather appear on the nose of this well-priced blend from a San Diego-based winery founded by millennial marketing wiz Dylan Steeves. Dried black cherries and licorice show on the slightly leathery palate."		88	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Riché NV Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Riché
US	"The silky texture is delightful, giving it the lightness desirable in Pinot Noir. Santa Lucia acidity gives a bright edge to the cherry, cola, pomegranate and heirloom tomato flavors. Drink now–2014 for maximum freshness."	SLH Estate	89	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Hahn 2011 SLH Estate Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Hahn
US	"This blend of Syrah (52%), Petit Sirah (24%), Mourvèdre (16%) and Grenache from StoneTree and Red Heaven vineyards is appealing with its chocolate, mulberry and peppery spices. It's high-octane and richly flavored with a lingering blue-fruit and meat-filled finish backed by lightly chalky tannins."	Wallywood	91	42	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dusted Valley 2012 Wallywood Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rhône-style Red Blend	Dusted Valley
US	"Chocolate-covered raspberry forms the luscious core of this fairly priced wine that's medium-bodied, moderately naked in its oak use and soft in its approachability. Rich, dense and luxurious, it will pair well with any grilled meats."		91	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Markham 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Markham
US	"Dry and silky, this is a nice wine for everyday fare. It has pleasant flavors of cherries, cola and sandalwood, brightened by pretty acidity."	Double Decker Red	84	10	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Tamás 2007 Double Decker Red Red (Central Coast)	Red Blend	Tamás
Italy	"Perfumed berry, pressed violet, leather and a balsamic note lead the nose of this 100% Sangiovese. The sleek, savory palate doles out fleshy black cherry, licorice, clove and tobacco interwoven with lithe tannins and fresh acidity."	Al Limite	90	24	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Leonino 2012 Al Limite  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	San Leonino
Portugal	"The old vines do their work and produce a highly concentrated wine. It has a dusty tannic structure, the tannins held in suspension surrounded by ripe black plum flavors. The oak aging adds to the richness of this fine, balanced wine that will age for several years. Drink from 2018."	Reserva Old Vines	92	20	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vila da Fonte 2013 Reserva Old Vines Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Vila da Fonte
US	"This is fragrant and forward, with a subtle smoky element. Fresh raspberry fruit comes wrapped in flavors of toast, malt and milk chocolate. It's smooth and appealing, best consumed now through 2020."		88	32	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Van Duzer 2015 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Van Duzer
US	"The pedigree and vintage of these impeccably grown grapes are apparent in this wine. It's dry in style, but rich and concentrated with black cherries, cola, exotic spice and anise flavors, balanced with fine acidity and tannins. It's a big wine, and should develop bottle complexity over the next 5–6 years."		92	38	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Ryan Cochrane 2011 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Ryan Cochrane
US	"Dark fruits carry a streak of gunmetal down the spine of this wine, which remains solidly anchored in its most youthful phase. Blueberry and raspberry flavors come with a crisp tart acid edge, and develop with lip-smacking precision as the wine lingers through a lengthy finish. Drink now and over the next 12–15 years, through 2030."	Carter Vineyard	92	65	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Panther Creek 2014 Carter Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Panther Creek
France	"With Merlot softening the power of Brau-col, this is a full-bodied while rounded wine. Juicy acidity gives a fresh character, and red berry fruits dominate the firm tannins. Balanced and concentrated, it will repay some good aging. Drink from 2017."	Vieilles Vignes	88	20	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Moulin 2012 Vieilles Vignes Red (Gaillac)	Red Blend	Domaine du Moulin
US	"Still very tight, this Cab needs some time to develop in bottle, its dark fruit and coffee-laced tannins just barely able to come alive and show off their provenance. This is an oft-sourced vineyard in the Livermore Valley, one to look for when it comes to both Chardonnay and Cabernet, as well as other Bordeaux varieties. This wine is 100% Del Arroyo Cab."	Del Arroyo Vineyard	88	52	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Nottingham Cellars 2009 Del Arroyo Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Livermore Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Nottingham Cellars
Italy	"Aromas of underbrush, espresso, vanilla and plum cake set the stage. The palate offers black cherry, exotic Asian spice, licorice and sugared vanilla alongside bitter wood tannins. Veritas Imports, Tanaro River Imports, Crown."	Riserva	87	29	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bindi Sergardi 2009 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Bindi Sergardi
Italy	"One of the most attractive aspects of this fresh white blend is its structure: The wine is silky and smooth and seemingly weightless at the same time. That kind of structure is a good platform for flavors of pear, exotic fruit, honey and almond. Try it with grilled shrimp in a cilantro pesto sauce."	Cà del Magro	87	16	Veneto	Custoza Superiore				Monte del Frá 2005 Cà del Magro  (Custoza Superiore)	White Blend	Monte del Frá
US	"Brightened with zesty, lime-juice acidity and a cooling minerality, this Chardonnay features ripe, forward tropical fruit, orange and peach flavors, with a touch of buttered toast and vanilla. It's fancy enough to drink now with shellfish, tuna tartare, stuffed mushrooms, tempura, or even an upscale pizza."	Fleur de Edna Winemaker Series	89	27	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Edna Valley Vineyard 2011 Fleur de Edna Winemaker Series Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Edna Valley Vineyard
France	"Regarded almost as a Grand Cru in its own right, the Moutonne vineyard, wholly owned by Albert Bichot, is in a corner of the Vaudésir Grand Cru vineyard. In this sumptuous year, the wine is more generous, ripe yellow fruits than mineral texture. The acidity and the tangy aftertaste are a reminder that this is from cool-climate Chablis. Drink from 2023."	Domaine Long-Depaquit Moutonne	95	154	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Albert Bichot 2015 Domaine Long-Depaquit Moutonne  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Albert Bichot
US	"This wine offers notes of vanilla, coconut, chocolate and cherry candy. It's richly flavored with a core of dark fruit backed by lightly grippy tannins."	Even Keel	88	29	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Genoa 2011 Even Keel Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Genoa
US	"This Petit Verdot-Cabernet Sauvignon blend clearly wants some time in the cellar. Although it's extraordinarily rich with blackberries, black currants and violets, the tannin-acid structure is such that aging for at least ten years shouldn't be a problem."	Black	90	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Vellum 2009 Black Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Vellum
US	"The deep black color of this wine suggests that it spent a lot of time on the skins, and 20 months in American oak added further grip and grit to the tannins. Cherry tobacco, espresso and plenty of oak flavors lead into a chewy finish with some residual bitterness."	Reserve	86	45	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Weisinger 2012 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rogue Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Weisinger
US	"Released too young, at just over a year of age, this Pinot tastes sugary, with primary fruit essence, glycerine, alcohol and caramelized oak giving it an uncomfortable sweetness. It's probably technically dry, and should actually taste dry by 2011, but it's certainly not ready to drink before mid-2010."	Cargasacchi Vineyard	88	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Siduri 2008 Cargasacchi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
France	"A wine that smells so fruity, and with a soft, open texture, needs to be drunk young. This wine is all red berries coupled with acidity and some smoky tannins. It's a great idea to chill it slightly."	Esquisse	86	15	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Rotier 2014 Esquisse Red (Gaillac)	Red Blend	Domaine Rotier
US	"Fresh, fruity and acidic, this young Pinot Noir wants some time in the cellar. It's brilliantly structured, with a core of black cherries, cola, rhubarbs, pomegranates, mushrooms and spices, with rich notes of smoke, cocoa and cedar. Silky and complex, and should age through 2013."	McDougall Vineyard	94	58	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Dutton-Goldfield 2007 McDougall Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Dutton-Goldfield
US	"A Merlot with small percentages of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, this wine is sanguine and fairly thin, its streaks of tobacco and cedar not entirely decipherable."		84	35	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rombauer 2010 Merlot (Carneros)	Merlot	Rombauer
US	"The oak is far out in front, with the aromas of vanilla, dill and freshly hewn wood making it difficult to find the fruit. Cranberry flavors struggle to get to the surface. It's technically well made but the barrel treatment completely overrides any sense of the variety."	Reserve	86	40	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Deuce 2012 Reserve Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Deuce
US	"Earthy and aggressively herbal, this new vintage of Rocheux needs more time to see if it will pull itself together. Tannic and hard-shelled, it's still hiding its fruit, and finishes with stemmy, bitter tannins."	Rocheux	86	48	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Le Cadeau 2009 Rocheux Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Le Cadeau
Germany	"Fresh apples and pears seem dusted in a fine mineral powder in this brisk, semisweet Riesling. It's featherlight in texture, darting and dancing alongside a lemon-lime vein of acidity that pierces through the finish."	Scharzhofberger Spätlese Grosse Lage	89	30	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Vereinigte Hospitien 2014 Scharzhofberger Spätlese Grosse Lage Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Vereinigte Hospitien
US	"Tart and astringent, this young wine shows good structure but remains a bit tight. Light red fruits, a streak of citrus, and a strong base of cement and chalk-like minerality, this has persistence and complexity. It needs more cellar time to fully express itself."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	88	35	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	:Nota Bene 2008 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	:Nota Bene
Chile	"Graphite, molasses, foresty notes and briny leather are the prime aromas on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Carmenère and Petit Verdot. The mouthfeel is layered and fairly deep, with a firm structure and strong tannins. Roasted black-fruit flavors come with pepper and toast, while the finish offers even more pepper, olive and tobacco notes."	Gran Corte	90	35	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Luz 2009 Gran Corte Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Santa Luz
US	"Made in small amounts, this floral, tangy and richly textured white wine offers a depth of honey and caramel that overpowers the prettier, more mineral-driven aspects lurking in the underbelly of body. Youthful, it should come around."	Leveroni Vineyards	90	42	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jeff Gordon 2014 Leveroni Vineyards Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Jeff Gordon
Italy	"Aged for two years in traditional oak casks, this is bright, slightly gritty and textured on the finish, offering notes of ripe fruit, leather, cured meat and tobacco. Pair this with wild turkey or succulent ham."		88	51	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Demarie 2006  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Demarie
US	"This is soft and simple, with flavors of cherry, cola and earth."	Dijon Clone	82	39	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Scott Family 2010 Dijon Clone Pinot Noir (Arroyo Seco)	Pinot Noir	Scott Family
US	"Barrel tones of coconut and woodspice take the lead in front of cranberry and blackberry, with the fruit seeming a bit dried out. It's reserved in style but still fully flavored with sour cherries accented by licorice."	Brothers Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon Copeland Vineyard	87	74	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Two Mountain 2010 Brothers Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon Copeland Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Yakima Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Two Mountain
Italy	"This medium-bodied red weaves together sensations of mature dark cherries, crushed raspberries, forest floor and sweet baking spices. The fresh palate is supported by firm, chewy tannins and will offer easy drinking enjoyment through 2015."		89	20	Piedmont	Nebbiolo d'Alba		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bosio 2012  Nebbiolo d'Alba	Nebbiolo	Bosio
France	"Firm, dry tannins behind this wine give a hard edge that will need time. The wine is powered by its structure, solid and only just fruity. Wait until at least 2017 to allow more fruitiness to come through, although the wine will likely always be tough."	Château la Rose Bourdieu	85	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Producta Vignobles 2011 Château la Rose Bourdieu  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Producta Vignobles
New Zealand	"At this scale (170,000 cases imported), the quality is remarkable. Leafy notes accent pink grapefruit aromas and flavors, coming together in a harmonious, easy-drinking finish."		86	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Oyster Bay 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Oyster Bay
Italy	"Col d'Orcia's straight Brunello starts with aromas of leafy underbrush, mature black fruit, leather and a hint of grilled herbs. The ripe, forward palate offers black raspberry and dark cherry layered with notes of milk chocolate and coffee. It's soft, round and very accessible, so enjoy sooner rather than later."		89	55	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Col d'Orcia 2009  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Col d'Orcia
Austria	"A perfumed, fruity wine, Lange Ried, or “Long Vineyard,” is a textured and lightly minerally Riesling, with a concentrated white-fruit flavor and a crisp finish."	Lange Ried	87	20	Niederösterreich			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pratsch 2011 Lange Ried Riesling (Niederösterreich)	Riesling	Pratsch
US	"From organically grown grapes from the H4 Vineyard. It was fermented in both stainless steel and mature French oak. Well balanced and smooth in texture, with an underlying richness, it brightens in melon and peach."		88	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Alta 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Alta
US	"The inaugural release of this wine, this hails largely from the esteemed Klipsun Vineyard. Alluring aromas of herb, earth, cherry liqueur and black fruit lead to sweet, sappy black-fruit flavors and burly but still well-integrated tannins. It's only going to get better with additional time in the bottle. Best after 2023."		92	75	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Passing Time 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Passing Time
US	"The sourcing on Landmark's Overlook bottling has changed constantly over the years. This 2011 is certainly rich in pineapples, nectarines, tangerines, Meyer lemons and smoky oak. It reflects the popular Chardonnay appetite."	Overlook	86	25	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Landmark 2011 Overlook Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Landmark
Chile	"Popcorn and white-fruit aromas are toasty, nutty and appropriate. This is zesty and well-cut across the palate. Flavors of apple, peach, papaya and buttered movie popcorn finish oaky, briny and elegant, with a chiseled, acid-driven feel."	Aconcagua Costa	90	25	Aconcagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2013 Aconcagua Costa Chardonnay (Aconcagua Valley)	Chardonnay	Errazuriz
US	"A new addition to the lineup, this wine is a blend of fruit from Stoney Vine, Lawrence, Red Heaven and Art Den Hoed vineyards. It offers aromas of earthy funk, smoked meat, blueberry, cherry and high-toned spices. The palate is dense and layered, with a mixture of fruit and savory flavors that display poise, focus and length."	Quaternarium	93	70	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ardor 2014 Quaternarium Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Ardor
France	This wine reflects the ripeness of the vintage while still retaining crisp minerality. Creamed apples are balanced with a tangy texture and soft acidity. The wine finishes with a crisp aftertaste that gives a great lift. Drink the wine now.		87	25	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vrignaud 2015  Chablis	Chardonnay	Domaine Vrignaud
US	"All cherry and sawdust upfront, backed up by a bed of velvety tannins. Vanilla and char notes dominate the palate while some berry-intense flavor comes through on the crisp finish. A year in the cellar would allow for some needed integration."	Il Signor Reserve	85	29	Virginia	Virginia				Three Fox 2007 Il Signor Reserve Sangiovese (Virginia)	Sangiovese	Three Fox
Italy	"This blend of 60% Malvasia delle Lipari, 30% Carricante and 10% other native grapes features aromas of subtle oak, coconut and hints of exotic fruit. The round palate delivers sweet nectarine, peach and juicy tropical fruit accented with Mediterranean herbs."	Pomice	88	30	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta di Castellaro 2011 Pomice White (Sicilia)	White Blend	Tenuta di Castellaro
Italy	"A blend of 60% Trebbiano Toscano and 40% Malvasia del Chianti, this opulent dessert wine opens with intense aromas of dry almond biscuit, dried apricot and a whiff of maple syrup that carry over to the rich palate along with cream caramel and candied nectarine. The intense flavors are balanced by fresh acidity and lingering finish."		93	49	Tuscany	Vin Santo del Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Volpaia 2008  Vin Santo del Chianti Classico	White Blend	Volpaia
US	"This special selection is already showing some brick around the rim and seems to be aging rapidly. The flavors are mostly herb and root, sassafras and beet root in particular, with the fruit leaning toward Dr. Pepper soda."	Cardiac Hill	85	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kramer 2011 Cardiac Hill Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Kramer
US	"Apple cider, night jasmine, ripe pears and orange cream aromas show on this sweeter bottling. The palate is quite clean and crisp, with rich apple juice flavors and a tactile acidity that fades fairly quickly. It's quite sweet."	Goosefoot Road	85	10	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fetzer 2014 Goosefoot Road Riesling (Monterey County)	Riesling	Fetzer
US	"This remarkable wine from the famed family-farmed, organic estate impresses immediately in its depth of concentration and stately grace, imparting a wealth of rose-garden compost and wild truffle on the nose. Within the vibrant range of sensual flavor is salted caramel, black cherry and chocolate, alongside a twist of saddle and campfire coffee. Its grip of focused tannin suggests years of aging potential; enjoy best from 2023 to 2033."	Family Estate Grown	98	185	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Spottswoode 2013 Family Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Spottswoode
US	"Nicely dry, silky and delicate in structure, this has pleasant cherry and cola flavors that are brightened by acidity. It finishes with the sweetness of toasted oak. While it's not particularly complex, it does offer plenty of varietal pleasure. Drink now."	Sarmento Vineyard	88	40	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Windstream 2010 Sarmento Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Windstream
US	"Surprisingly rich and complex for this price and the statewide appellation, a full-bodied wine with glorious flavors of blackcurrants. Coats the mouth and lasts through a long finish. The tannins are soft and intricate and add to the enjoyment."		90	15	California	California	California Other			Easton 2000 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Easton
US	"Broad notes of white orchard fruit lead onto the light- to medium-bodied palate, which feels easygoing and pliable."	Almost Unoaked	84	20	Virginia	Virginia				Tarara 2012 Almost Unoaked Chardonnay (Virginia)	Chardonnay	Tarara
US	"Though labeled Riesling, it's blended with 16% Muscat and 9% Gewürztraminer. The residual sugar is listed as 2%, but rather than sweetness, the wine carries a sour lemon snap and a palate of tart citrus and orange soda flavors."	Les Amis	85	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Vin du Lac 2011 Les Amis Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Vin du Lac
US	"This 100% Sauvignon Blanc isn't fully ripe yet it's dry and crisp, with a mouthwatering cleanness. There's an edge to the Meyer lemon, lime, green melon and vanilla flavors."	Vogelzang Vineyard	86	20	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast			Baehner Fournier 2012 Vogelzang Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Baehner Fournier
France	"The vineyards of the 13th century abbey of La Ferté produces some of the best Givry. This wine has great structure with firm tannins, and also rich, juicy fruitiness that offers delicious acidity and a more solid base for aging. Drink from 2016."	Clos du Cellier aux Moines Premier Cru	88	40	Burgundy	Givry		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2011 Clos du Cellier aux Moines Premier Cru  (Givry)	Pinot Noir	Domaines Devillard
US	"Sweet and jammy, with pie-filling flavors of blackberries and black cherries, spiced up with cocoa, anise, cinnamon and brown sugar. This soft, tasty Cab is probably at its best now and soon."		86	75	California	Oakville	Napa			Stanton 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stanton
Chile	"Raw, earthy plum aromas are spicy and lightly herbal. This feels saucy yet monotone. Tomato, red-plum and herbal flavors end with a hint of brown sugar and a continuation of the wine's herbal plum character."	Reserva Estate Bottled	85	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilensis 2013 Reserva Estate Bottled Merlot (Maule Valley)	Merlot	Chilensis
France	"A smooth and ripe wine produced by the team of Cos d'Estournel. It is full and rich with black-plum fruits and velvet tannins. With fine acidity at the back, it has kept its freshness. Drink from 2022."	Goulée de Cos d'Estournel	89	43	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Goulée 2014 Goulée de Cos d'Estournel  (Médoc)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Goulée
Greece	"A sophisticated, delicate nose of fresh flowers, peach, lemon and spice leads this attractive wine from Greece. On the palate, crisp flavors of lemon, minerals and spice dominate. Refreshing and clean, it will pair well with Asian food, seafood, salads."	Veriki	87	22	Atalanti Valley			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Hatzi Michalis 2008 Veriki White (Atalanti Valley)	White Blend	Hatzi Michalis
Italy	"This spicy rosso has plum and pepper aromas that carry over onto the palate, along with a hint of licorice. It's linear, lively and fresh. Pair it with pasta topped with spicy tomato sauces or not too seasoned cheeses."		86	17	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Ciarliana 2010  Rosso di Montepulciano	Red Blend	La Ciarliana
US	"Intriguing aromas of graphite, damp campfire, roasted meat and dried black cherries make for a savory nose to this bottling from a vineyard in the Corralitos area. Roasted cherries and plums show on the palate, where interesting notes of tar, charcoal and pencil shavings arise. Vanilla and sandalwood show at the finish."	Thérèse Vineyards Lester Family Vineyards	91	47	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Martin Ranch 2013 Thérèse Vineyards Lester Family Vineyards Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Martin Ranch
US	"Aromas of white pepper and pear start it off, and it smells snappy and inviting. The palate is all about grapefruit and orange; in a word, it's citrusy. The finish comes in waves, with notes of stone fruit and licorice. As a whole it's round and satisfying, but it's also a tad bit dilute and dull, which is why it rates where it does."		85	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sokol Blosser 2001 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Sokol Blosser
US	"This is the kind of Cabernet Sonoma County produces so effortlessly. It's full-bodied, dry and smooth, with a touch of smoky oak. The cherry and blackberry fruit is ripe and luscious. An easy wine to drink now."	Got Away	85	25	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Storyteller 2011 Got Away Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Storyteller
US	"Norm Yost presents luscious and broad aromas of black currant candies, black slate and well-integrated clove and allspice aromas on this wine from an extreme coastal slice of the Central Coast. It's quite boisterous for the restrained vintage, with blood, iodine, black cherry juice and black pepper flavors."	Salisbury Vineyards	93	38	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Flying Goat Cellars 2011 Salisbury Vineyards Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Flying Goat Cellars
France	"This ripe wine is full of the fruit that's typical of the vintage, with its bursts of red berry flavor and layers of wood. It has a crisp edge from plenty of acidity and a good concentration that gives it the weight it needs. Drink from 2020."		91	65	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de l'Annonciation 2014  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de l'Annonciation
US	"Shows the usual Williams Selyem Chardonnay profile of huge fruit and flashy oak. This opulent wine would be over-the-top except that it's balanced by crisp, lemony acidity, and somehow retains a tight core with a gravitational tug that keeps the richness focused. Impressive now for sheer power, and should hold well for another 5–6 years."	Heintz Vineyard	92	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2011 Heintz Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Williams Selyem
US	"Though still very young, this bottling is already compelling. Black currant, black plum, fig, rosemary and game aromas arise on the concentrated nose. The layered palate offers fennel, cracked rainbow peppercorn, black currant jam and hoisin sauce flavors, cut by a vibrant acidity that penetrates into the finish."	Alondra de los Prados	93	48	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Roark Wine Co. 2015 Alondra de los Prados Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Roark Wine Co.
US	"Exotic richness defines this lovely young wine. It displays the tannin-acid balance you expect from Anderson Valley Pinot Noir, plus the exceptional intensity of fruit characteristic of the vintage. Floods the mouth with concentrated cherries, raspberries, red currants and cola that, influenced by smoky oak, turn to white chocolate on the finish. But it's totally dry."		94	40	California	Anderson Valley				Dogwood 2007 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dogwood
Spain	"While this high-elevation (4,035 feet) white Garnacha is mostly neutral smelling, it offers stony notes that are direct, minerally and clean. On the palate, it is tightly wound and showing vital malic acid. Salty but fresh persimmon and quince flavors are lasting on the finish. For a 2014, this is in fine shape; drink now."	El Tamboril Navatalgordo	90	75	Northern Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Comando-G 2014 El Tamboril Navatalgordo White (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León)	White Blend	Comando-G
US	"Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon each make up 45% of this wine, with the balance Malbec. It comes off as quite green, with notes of bell pepper and green herb, along with unusual mesquite flavors. The alcohol pokes through on both the aromas and palate."	Confluence	83	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cedar River Cellars 2014 Confluence Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cedar River Cellars
US	"This wine is 60% Syrah and 40% Grenache. Jammy aromas of red and blue fruit are followed by a plush, flavorful palate that shows a pleasing sense of balance and length with a raspberry-filled finish."	Cuvée R	91	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Alleromb 2012 Cuvée R Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rhône-style Red Blend	Alleromb
France	"A richly Merlot wine, soft, ripe, packed with black jelly flavors, sweet acidity and generous balanced tannins. The flavors come together in a balanced, rich way. An attractive wine, ready to drink now."		90	37	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Pavillon Bel-Air 2006  Lalande de Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Pavillon Bel-Air
Portugal	"Named after the local vineyards, this wine is a firm and structured blend of two French grapes. It still has a Portuguese character with its rich, juicy black fruits and dense structure. With good acidity on the finish, it is ready to drink."	Terras do Pó Syrah-Petit Verdot	87	9	Península de Setúbal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Ermelinda Freitas 2013 Terras do Pó Syrah-Petit Verdot Red (Península de Setúbal)	Portuguese Red	Casa Ermelinda Freitas
Spain	"Saucy and spicy up front, this blend of Garnacha, Tempranillo and Carignan also smells a bit leafy and tar-like. A fresh, tomatoey palate suggests spaghetti sauce, while dry, spicy, herbal plum and berry flavors finish with mint and additional spice notes."	Gran Reserva	88	20	Northern Spain	Cariñena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Monasterio de las Viñas 2010 Gran Reserva Red (Cariñena)	Red Blend	Monasterio de las Viñas
US	"With its dryness and firm tannins, there's lots of structural integrity in this Cab. New oak adds the right suggestions of toast and wood spices. It's an elegantly streamlined wine whose nuanced berry, cherry and currant flavors won't overwhelm a beautiful cut of beef."		91	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Volker Eisele Family Estate 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Volker Eisele Family Estate
Spain	Clean white-fruit aromas are fresh and dry. This brut Cava puts out citric notes on a palate with bright malic acidity. Lime and green-apple flavors finish fresh but without any shift towards complexity.	El Miracle Brut	87	16	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vicente Gandia NV El Miracle Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Vicente Gandia
Portugal	This is a rounded smooth wine. It does have a crisp edge of red currants and acidity but the main flavor comes from the ripe red-berry fruits and touch of caramel. Drink the wine now.	Herdade de São Miguel Colheita Seleccionada	86	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas 2016 Herdade de São Miguel Colheita Seleccionada Rosé (Alentejano)	Rosé	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas
US	"If Pinot's first responsibility is to seduce the palate, this one succeeds admirably. It's soft as velvet and silk, and drily opulent, with gorgeously refined tannins that frame lush, intricate flavors. Waves of cherry pie, red currant, licorice, cola and cedar flavors wash over the palate, and feel distinguished, the way a top red wine should. Drink now through 2012."	Primo's Hill	94	50	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Kazmer & Blaise 2006 Primo's Hill Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Kazmer & Blaise
US	"Still young and sappy, the tart raspberry and cherry fruit carries tangy highlights of citrus rind and wet stone. Clean and fresh, it's a perfectly balanced wine from a difficult vintage, and has the structure to age through 2021–2023."	Estate Riservata	92	45	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Alloro 2011 Estate Riservata Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Alloro
US	"Flirts with Portiness, but stops just short to provide a rich, exotic Zinfandel experience. The blackberry, currant, wild mountain berry, cola, tangerine zest and pepper flavors have an edge of raisins. Creative cooks will use the above descriptors as a recipe for a salsa to top a perfectly grilled burger or steak."	Estate Bottled	90	32	California	Shenandoah Valley (CA)	Sierra Foothills			Easton 2006 Estate Bottled Zinfandel (Shenandoah Valley (CA))	Zinfandel	Easton
US	"A multidimensional wine, this delicious example made from 130-year-old vines combines depth, breadth and length. It smells like ripe blackberries, tastes fruity and layered, feels luxurious and supple but at the same time firm in fine tannins and balanced by lively acidity. Medium to full bodied, it tastes great now and will improve through 2020."	Deaver Vineyard	94	30	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Terra d'Oro 2013 Deaver Vineyard Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Terra d'Oro
US	"Dried elderberries and plum skins meet with cocoa, soy, cracked peppercorn and hoisin sauce unfold on the nose of this wine, made by Steve Clifton. The teriyaki and black-plum sauce touches kick into high gear on the palate, where roasted ancho chile-cocoa flavors prove quite savory and tasty."	Ecstasy of Gold	92	65	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	La Voix 2013 Ecstasy of Gold Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Barbara County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	La Voix
US	"Pear and nectarine flesh are cut by a quince, Gala apple and slightest touches of guava and mango on the chalky nose of this wine. It's refreshingly light on the palate, with sliced pear and squeezed lime notes, bound by a very grippy texture."	McGinley Vineyard Homage Collection	89	22	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2014 McGinley Vineyard Homage Collection Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Zaca Mesa
US	"Ripely opulent, it's explosive in blackberry jam and red currants, with the grilled meat bone and black pepper notes of a cool-climate Syrah. The tannins are strong, but finely ground, while the acids will cut right through meat fat. Give this lovely young wine until 2016–2017 in the cellar."	Samantha's Vineyard	89	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			MacLaren 2011 Samantha's Vineyard Syrah (Russian River Valley)	Syrah	MacLaren
Portugal	"Smooth and ripe, this wine comes from vines planted in what was once a royal hunting ground. It is a full-bodied blend of Douro grapes with a more local southern variety, giving both structure and warmth. An impressively concentrated wine, it needs to age. Drink from 2019."	Reserva	91	25	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de Vale Veados 2014 Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de Vale Veados
US	"The family-owned, Santa Lucia Highlands-focused Wrath Winery produces their Ex Anima line to show off wines from their estate San Saba Vineyard made with very little intervention and no new oak. This wine is nearly as clear as water, and yet offers aromas or freshly cut grass, honeydew melon, kiwi and fresh rain on rocks. On the palate, minerality lingers alongside poached pear and peach. Refreshing and light, yet full of flavor."	Ex Anima	90	19	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wrath 2013 Ex Anima Sauvignon Blanc (Monterey)	Sauvignon Blanc	Wrath
New Zealand	"This chunky, beefy Pinot Noir offers plenty of flavor for a realistic price. Hints of smoke, violet and tomato leaf add complexity to the black cherry fruit. The finish is long and lightly dusted with tannins. Drink now."		88	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Clifford Bay Estate 2010 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Clifford Bay Estate
Chile	"Despite the higher price and “reserva” name, this Chard is actually more dull than Terrmater's regular '07 wine, which is innocuous at best. This one is tan and oxidized, with flat, chunky flavors and a dull, melony finish."	Reserva	81	18	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TerraMater 2007 Reserva Chardonnay (Maipo Valley)	Chardonnay	TerraMater
US	"The market is loaded with inexpensive Oregon wines at the moment, but few if any can offer this kind of quality at this price point. Crisp and fresh, this brings a mix of lime, quinine, pine needles and green apples into play. Well defined and immaculately clean, it can accompany a range of salads, noodle dishes or cold cuts."		88	15	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	A to Z 2015 Chardonnay (Oregon)	Chardonnay	A to Z
US	"Key-lime rinds, pink grapefruit, crisp pluot, just-ripe pineapple, nectarine and a steely gunmetal aroma show on the nose of this bottling. There's an intriguing touch of sweet onion to the sip. The laser-sharp precision would pair well with shellfish, but a slightly buttered warmth makes the bottling quite versatile."		92	26	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	La Honda Winery 2015 Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	La Honda Winery
US	"This light-footed Riesling is restrained in fruit, offering subtle hints of lemon and pear, but its slightly chalky, dusty mineral tone is exhilarating. Its delicately semisweet, with a fresh tangerine finish."	Road Block Reserve	88	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Shaw 2014 Road Block Reserve Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Shaw
Austria	"Rich notions of ripe Comice pear and yellow apple govern nose and palate. The Pinot Gris roundness is well balanced by ripe, fresh acidity on a medium body with lots of mouthfeel. An almost weighty wine."		88	25	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Kracher 2015 Pinot Gris (Burgenland)	Pinot Gris	Kracher
Argentina	"This Chard is gold in color, with mushy, oxidized aromas of honeyed peach and apple. The palate feels flabby while flavors of vanilla follow on the finish."	Calathus Roble	80	22	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Don Carlos 2011 Calathus Roble Chardonnay (Uco Valley)	Chardonnay	Finca Don Carlos
US	"Here's a rich Chardonnay notable for plenty of fruit, and also for brisk acidity. It's creamy smooth, with pineapple, Meyer lemon and lime flavors that are almost sweet in the finish, but pull back in favor of minerality."		87	28	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Perbacco Cellars 2008 Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Perbacco Cellars
France	"This is soft and rounded, with attractive red plum and berry fruits that bring in acidity and a light tannic character. The wine is ripe, with a dry core surrounded by cherry flavors and fresh acidity. It is not a wine for long aging, drink from 2017."		87	45	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2012  Beaune	Pinot Noir	Louis Latour
US	"This is a terrific discovery from a tiny winery and remote hilltop vineyard near the Pacific Coast. It's deep in color, with aromas evocative of forest floor, rhubarb and rosemary. The palate is woven in structure and enticing fruit and spice flavors. Balance, complexity and moderate tannins combine in an attractive profile and unique personality."	Docker Hill Vineyard	94	52	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Blue Oasis 2014 Docker Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mendocino County)	Pinot Noir	Blue Oasis
US	"Made from Petite Sirah, Tempranillo and Tannat, this beautiy illustrates the type of blended red wine that is putting Paso Robles on the map. It's filled with cherry pie, cola and mushroom flavors that combine rich fruit with a subtle earthiness. Don't bother to age this wine, just drink it now with mushroom risotto or a rich lamb ragout."	Unbound	90	46	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Daou 2011 Unbound Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Daou
Germany	"While the nose reveals only faint whiffs of apples, nuts and brambles, the palate of this off-dry Riesling is crisply concentrated with fresh red apples and tart peaches. It's not a deeply persistent wine, but finishes brisk and bright."	Bin 168	87	12	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Twisted River 2015 Bin 168 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Twisted River
US	"With a touch of smoky, honeyed oak, this Chard has forward peach, pear and tropical fruit flavors, balanced with a crisp streak of acidity. Nice and versatile, it's a good Chard at a fair price."		85	12	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Tortoise Creek 2006 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Tortoise Creek
US	"A Rhône-style blend of mostly Grenache and Mourvédre, with smaller amounts of Syrah and Cinsault, the wine is prune-like and overdone."	Cuvee de Oro	80	25	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Monte De Oro 2009 Cuvee de Oro Red (Temecula Valley)	Red Blend	Monte De Oro
US	"Give this Pinot Noir a few hours in the decanter before drinking it. Right out of the bottle, it's tight and brittle, but air brings out the core notes of cherry, vanilla, red currant and cedar, and makes it develop a drink-me-now appeal."	Estate Grown	91	44	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Dierberg 2009 Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Dierberg
US	"Marked by a taste of salty caramel pretzel and baked apple, this is a full-bodied, robustly concentrated wine underpinned by sharp acidity. Peach, pear and melon flavors take turns playing supporting roles."	Estate	88	32	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	DeLorimier 2014 Estate Chardonnay (Alexander Valley)	Chardonnay	DeLorimier
Austria	"Streamlined, citric freshness dominates every delicious aspect of this wine: the fresh, zingy nose, the ripe and supremely juicy palate with its swirls of both ripe and tart apples, and the extended finish. This is mouth-watering stuff. It's cushioned but extremely sleek, apple-fruity, very moreish and so very pure."	Heiligenstein Alte Reben Reserve	95	41	Kamptal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Bründlmayer 2013 Heiligenstein Alte Reben Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Bründlmayer
US	"Dry and somewhat dull in dried herb and chalky tannins, this wine lacks fruit, instead taking on a tomato leaf edge."	35th Anniversary	85	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Keenan 2011 35th Anniversary Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Keenan
US	"Made with 75% Merlot with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot, this wine brings aromas of café au lait, toast and red fruit. It's full bodied, with coffee and cherry flavors that linger."	La Soeur	88	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ancestry 2012 La Soeur Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Ancestry
Argentina	"Layered berry and cassis aromas are a bit scratchy and gritty. This Cabernet feels saturated, pure and deep; flavors of blackberry, cassis, prune and chocolate are ripe and generous, while the finish is mildly herbal in flavor, with good length and build. Drink through 2018."	Gran Reserva	91	38	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sur de los Andes 2010 Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sur de los Andes
Argentina	"Aromas of earthy, raisiny berry fruits, graphite, coffee grinds and wood smoke set up a jammy, plump palate with wavering focus. Spicy prune, berry and cassis flavors are rooty, while coffee, mocha and oak flavors dominate the finish. Drink through 2019."	Reserva	90	28	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sur de los Andes 2013 Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Sur de los Andes
US	"It's difficult to find the aromas of apple, pear and jasmine. This drinks off dry with nicely balanced acids."		86	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Revelry 2014 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Revelry
US	"Medicine cabinet, coconut, woodspice and red apple aromas lead to simultaneously sweet and tart cherry and cranberry flavors supported by drying tannins. It doesn't all come together, with the wood showing prominently throughout."	Estate Grown Block 6	86	41	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Canoe Ridge 2012 Estate Grown Block 6 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Canoe Ridge
France	"Light, bright and packed with delicious fruit, this is a refreshing, immediately drinkable wine. It has raspberry flavors and a crisp aftertaste that are all part of the fruity package."	Gouleyant Malbec	85	12	Southwest France	Côtes du Lot		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2016 Gouleyant Malbec Rosé (Côtes du Lot)	Rosé	Georges Vigouroux
Italy	"This earthy expression of Sangiovese and 10% Colorino opens with funky aromas of scorched soil, truffle and game. The palate offers dried black cherry, toast, clove and a truffle note. Round but somewhat fleeting tannins provide the easy-drinking framework. Drink through 2015."		86	18	Tuscany	Chianti Montespertoli		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Fonti a San Giorgio 2011  Chianti Montespertoli	Red Blend	Le Fonti a San Giorgio
France	"93–95. Barrel sample. This firm, dry wine is solidly rich and full in the mouth. With fine acidity and black currant fruit that show through the tannins, it is a wine with considerable potential."	Barrel Sample	94	100	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Giscours 2012 Barrel Sample  (Margaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Giscours
Spain	"This dark, exotic blend of Carignan, Grenache and Syrah is impressive given that 2008 wasn't a good year in Spain. This shows integrated oak, graphite and inky aromas in front of a full, balanced palate that's home to berry flavors, schisty minerality and mocha accents. A generous finish with plum and berry flavors as well as licorice is the right ending. Drink through 2018."	Santbru Carinyenes Velles	92	42	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Portal del Montsant 2008 Santbru Carinyenes Velles Red (Montsant)	Red Blend	Portal del Montsant
US	"Made in the JC style, which is rather high in alcohol and strong in fruity extract. In this case, the flavors are lush in blackberry and cherry mocha-choca frappucino. All this ripeness comes at the expense of structure. The wine is a bit soft and sweet."	Iron Hill Vineyard	86	35	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			JC Cellars 2006 Iron Hill Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	JC Cellars
Italy	"This Cabernet's penetrating green notes are very much in character with the variety: tomato leaf, leafy greens, medicinal notes, exotic spice and cherry cola. Its meaty consistency is topped by a blast of sour cherry."	Macchion del Lupo	87	16	Tuscany	Toscana				Marchesi Ginori Lisci 2005 Macchion del Lupo Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Marchesi Ginori Lisci
France	"This wine has the lightest possible taste. Its hints of green fruit, light, citrusy acidity and crisp aftertaste are barely discernible. Drink now."	Perles de	82	19	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Gérard Bertrand 2016 Perles de Sauvignon Blanc (Vin de France)	Sauvignon Blanc	Gérard Bertrand
US	"Unabashedly appealing, this 100% varietal, full-bore wine displays aromas of dark plum, milk chocolate and clove. The flavors are sweet, rich and palate-coating, leading to a persistent finish."	Estate	90	36	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gifford Hirlinger 2012 Estate Malbec (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Malbec	Gifford Hirlinger
Italy	"Made with Zibibbo and a smaller percentage of Malvasia grapes, L'Ecrù is a fabulous Sicilian Passito dessert wine with unique aromas of candied fruit, orange zest, apricot, honey and a touch of natural rubber. The thick, syrupy mouthfeel is loaded tight with more apricot flavors."	L'Ecrù	94	39	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Firriato 2008 L'Ecrù White (Sicilia)	White Blend	Firriato
US	"A light, earthy wine, with violet, berry and tea flavors and a sharp, herbal note verging on grassiness or wet hay. It's very dry and the tannins are soft, but crisp acidity keeps it lively in the mouth."	Coastal	82	10	California	California	California Other			Callaway 1998 Coastal Merlot (California)	Merlot	Callaway
US	"A blend of four of the major Bordeaux varieties, this wine is soft and rustic. It has dry, earthy cherry, currant and tobacco flavors that taste a little sweet and sour."	Sortie	83	22	California	North Coast	North Coast			Estraié 2005 Sortie Red (North Coast)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Estraié
US	"Sweet aromas of almond paste and stone fruit, as well as green apple, mark this wine fermented in stainless steel tanks. It has a slight effervescence and a hint of lime and Asian pear on the finish."	Reserve Unoaked	85	16	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	River Road 2013 Reserve Unoaked Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	River Road
Italy	"This brut offers notes of citrus, stone fruit and Mediterranean herbs. It's fresh and linear, with an elegant perlage. The quenching finish closes on a note of bitter walnut."	Brut Vintage	88	35	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fratelli Berlucchi 2009 Brut Vintage Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Fratelli Berlucchi
France	"Extra Brut, yes, but the ripeness of the Chardonnay gives a rich, creamed apple character that balances the very dry aftertaste. It is still a fledgling Champagne needing to fill out. Give this until 2016 before drinking."	Inattendue Blanc de Blancs Extra Brut	89	60	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Huré Frères 2009 Inattendue Blanc de Blancs Extra Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Huré Frères
US	"Much like the other 2011 red wine releases from Cave B, this offers thin, tart red fruit, and strong herb and stem flavors in the finishing tannins."	XXVI	85	43	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cave B 2011 XXVI Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Cave B
US	"The fruit is sourced from the first Syrah plantings in the Walla Walla valley. Tannic and dense, it marries plum fruit flavors to streaks of earth, herb and licorice. A hint of green olive comes into the finish, bolstered by high alcohol and sharp acidity."	Morrison Lane	90	45	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	K Vintners 2010 Morrison Lane Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	K Vintners
Romania	"An aromatic, fruity nose and balanced fruity/floral flavors recommend this elegant Chardonnay from Recas. Good minerality and acid and a lingering finish add to the appeal. Pair with poultry, pork."		85	8	Recas			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Cramele Recas 2008 Chardonnay (Recas)	Chardonnay	Cramele Recas
Chile	"With full oak and pineapple aromas along with a big mouthful of spicy apple and pear fruit, this is no weakling. On the contrary, it's full and meaty, with a lot of texture and extract. The feel is healthy even if the acidity is on the low side. A very good wine to drink now; it probably won't age that well."	Reserve	88	14	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valdivieso 2001 Reserve Chardonnay (Central Valley)	Chardonnay	Valdivieso
France	"This crisply herbal wine also introduces some richer apricot flavors. A joint venture between négociant Schröder & Schÿler and the Barton family of Léoville and Langoa Barton, it's attractive, fruity and full in the mouth. Drink now."	La Croix Barton	85	16	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Blanc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Schröder & Schÿler 2016 La Croix Barton  (Bordeaux Blanc)	Sauvignon Blanc	Schröder & Schÿler
US	"Made from the clone that UC Davis extracted from Australian Shiraz, this is all about intense fruit. Aromas of licorice and blackberries give way to a palate lush with smoked blueberry, mocha, chocolate pudding, black rocks and a minty midpalate. The tannins will last awhile but this is ready now."	Clone #1 Purisima Mountain Vineyard	92	52	California	Ballard Canyon	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Beckmen 2012 Clone #1 Purisima Mountain Vineyard Syrah (Ballard Canyon)	Syrah	Beckmen
US	"Grapes are meticulously sourced from a range of sites, including Sonoma Mountain and Knights Valley on the Sonoma side, and Spottswoode estate, Hyde and Ink Grade from Napa. Opening with the aromas of grassy knoll, it develops in the glass to show juicy, fresh acidity and well-defined flavors of apricot and wet stone. Young and bright, the acidity is tenacious and supportive, making way for a final lilt of creaminess on the finish."		93	38	California	Sonoma County-Napa County	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Spottswoode 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County-Napa County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Spottswoode
Italy	"Always a standout among Gaja's five single-vineyard wines, Sorì San Lorenzo benefits from an excellent vintage to produce what will surely become a must-have bottle for collectors of Italian wine. There's enormous beauty and elegance here, backed by power and intensity with ripe fruit, spice, toasted nut and cola. It also shows impressive linearity and focus. Hold for 10 years or more."	Sorì San Lorenzo	99	440	Piedmont	Langhe				Gaja 2007 Sorì San Lorenzo Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Gaja
Italy	"This opens with aromas of prune, perfumed berry, baking spice, leather, a whiff of coconut and a balsamic note. The fresh palate offers wild cherry, crushed raspberry, lightly toasted oak, anise and espresso. It's still tightly tannic and astringent, but it should improve with a few more years in the bottle. Drink 2018–2028."	Rabajà	89	40	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Luisin 2012 Rabajà  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Luisin
France	"Bubble gum and cotton candy aromas come across as slightly confected at the moment, but they should settle down into cherry-berry notes after 6–9 months of cellaring. Like most Tavels, this should be at its best about 18 months after the vintage."		86	25	Rhône Valley	Tavel		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Prieuré de Montézargues 2013  Tavel	Rosé	Prieuré de Montézargues
Argentina	"Dark and minty smelling, this bears hints of blackberry, perfume and violet. It feels good and not too forceful, with regular Malbec flavors of dark fruit, red plum and spice. The finish is firm and slightly medicinal."	Colección	86	11	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gardel 2011 Colección Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Gardel
Portugal	"A warm, southern feeling wine, it has herbs, spice and rich tannins as well as a crisper feel of acidity. Fruity, full of black currant and red berry fruits, forward and ripe. It's not for aging."	F'oz	86	21	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2012 F'oz Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
US	"This estate-grown wine is made by Ken Wright. Showing some sharp, high-toned volatility in the nose, it opens into a smooth, spicy wine with pomegranate and black cherry fruit. A slight whiff of vinegar underlies the tannins, but for most tasters, it will not be noticeable."		88	48	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Angela Estate 2012 Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Angela Estate
US	"This is dry, silky and easy, with pleasant berry, tobacco and spice flavors. It's not complicated—just a fine, affordable sipper."		85	10	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Main Street 2009 Merlot (Monterey County)	Merlot	Main Street
Italy	"A skillful blending of 50% Barbera and 50% Nebbiolo, the Cogno has lovely wild strawberry aromas, cranberry and a touch of licorice. Light bodied but with fairly intense flavors, it was pleasant and interesting, its only fault lay in the slightly high acidity."	Montegrilli	89	27	Piedmont	Langhe				Elvio Cogno 2004 Montegrilli Red (Langhe)	Red Blend	Elvio Cogno
New Zealand	"Still youthful and vibrant, the 2007 Taylors Pass Pinot Noir features full-on black cherry fruit, tinged with hints of herbs and licorice. It's a beefy, chunky Pinot that should age reasonably well; drink now–2018."	Taylors Pass Vineyard	90	44	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Villa Maria 2007 Taylors Pass Vineyard Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Villa Maria
US	"The most promising Pinots from this central Monterey County appellation, and this is definitely one of them, continue to show its promise. This is one of the few that goes beyond simple fruit and acidity into complexity. It's not an ager, but the raspberries and cherries, accented with acidity and oak, make it a fine partner now for steak, lamb, tuna or an elaborate mushroom risotto."	Panorama Vineyard	88	35	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Carmel Road 2011 Panorama Vineyard Pinot Noir (Arroyo Seco)	Pinot Noir	Carmel Road
US	"This 100% estate-grown Syrah remains obstinately hard and tight, with a strongly tannic streak. Tangy and concentrated fruit flavors include boysenberry and loganberry jam, with a streak of graphite and stone. Give it a lot of breathing time—decanting would be best."	Dauphiné	90	70	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Nicholas Cole Cellars 2005 Dauphiné Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Nicholas Cole Cellars
US	"Soft, velvety and fruity, with chocolate, black raspberry, currant and oak flavors this blend is spiced up with white pepper and cinnamon notes. Drink this hearty wine with stews, barbecue or pasta."	Red Wine	87	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Star Angel by Montes 2008 Red Wine Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Star Angel by Montes
Chile	"This Syrah-led blend (with Carignan) hails from old vineyards in Maule. Leather, rubber, compost and earthy cherry aromas set up a palate with laser-beam acidity and shearing crispness. Flavors of red fruits, spice and herbal notes finish oaky and a bit raw, but exceedingly fresh. Drink through 2018."	Parinacota Limited Edition	88	30	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Volcanes de Chile 2010 Parinacota Limited Edition Red (Maule Valley)	Red Blend	Bodega Volcanes de Chile
France	"Named after the shells from sea creatures that are found in much of the chalk soil of Sancerre, this crisp, mineral wine is tangy, zesty and textured. Fresh apples and gooseberry are cut by the intense acidity and tight structure. Drink from 2017."	Ammonites	92	40	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Matthias et Emile Roblin 2014 Ammonites  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Matthias et Emile Roblin
US	"A dusty, cinnamon-inflected Syrah bursting with blackberries. Persistent flavors play across the palate, with a streak of citrus showing the underlying acidity."		88	23	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Saint Laurent 2007 Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	Saint Laurent
US	"A firm texture, ripe flavors and good sense of balance help put this wine on an equal footing with very good wines from other grape varieties. Juicy blackberry meets dark chocolate on the palate and both linger on the finish."	Jack Rabbit Flat	91	50	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Renwood 2013 Jack Rabbit Flat Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Renwood
US	"Oak notes persist on the nose and palate of this Merlot, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc and Malbec blend. Heavy roast coffee, burnt toast and charred black-fruit flavors mark the full-bodied palate, while a zip of red currant acidity tries to shine through."	Yash-Vir	86	28	Virginia	Virginia		Alexander Peartree		Narmada 2010 Yash-Vir Red (Virginia)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Narmada
Italy	"This robust red opens with aromas of ripe black-skinned fruit, scorched earth and dark cooking spice. The warm, forward palate offers black cherry marinated in spirits and licorice accompanied by ripe, velvety tannins. Unfortunately, the heat of searing alcohol throws it off balance and dominates the palate."	Noras	87	27	Sicily & Sardinia	Carignano del Sulcis		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cantina Santadi 2011 Noras  (Carignano del Sulcis)	Red Blend	Cantina Santadi
Chile	"Dry, spicy, earthy red-fruit aromas lead to a fresh palate with good body. Plum and spiced cherry flavors extend only so far, while this tasty little wine finishes dry, spicy and with a dusting of cocoa."	Organic	88	14	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cono Sur 2014 Organic Pinot Noir (Colchagua Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cono Sur
US	"It's the stem inclusion that shows itself first, with aromas of olive and herb in front of violets, red fruit, pepper, earth and whiffs of coffee and smoked meat. The flavors are reserved, supple and polished, with bright acids keeping it all in focus. It demands food alongside it to be properly appreciated."	John Lewis	93	85	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gramercy 2013 John Lewis Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Gramercy
US	"Bramble and bright red cherry notes on the nose turn darker and riper on the palate of this spry, light-footed blend. Composed predominantly of Cabernet Sauvignon with proportions of Cabernet Franc and the hybrid Noriet grape mixed in, it's an unusually delicate red."	Winemaster's Choice	85	20	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Merritt NV Winemaster's Choice Red (New York)	Red Blend	Merritt
US	"Raspberries, cherries, cola, tea, rhubarb pie, licorice, vanilla and sweet leather flavors flood the mouth, wrapped in a delicately silky, complex texture, and the finish goes on and on in oak-inspired fruit and Asian spices. Compellingly delicious; drinks now and through 2009."	Marimar Estate Vineyard	93	48	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			W.H. Smith 2006 Marimar Estate Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	W.H. Smith
US	"A nice debut from this new label under the Tendril umbrella. Intense in color and deep in flavor, this pure varietal rosé pushes forward raspberry and cherry fruit with plenty of juicy pizzazz. The back end revs up with a burst of citrus rind."	Rosé of	90	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Child's Play 2016 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Child's Play
Spain	"Grapey and potent as Rioja crianzas go, with a medium-to-full-sized palate that's full of bright acidity and standard but solid berry fruit flavors. It's the slightest bit creamy and thick on the finish, but overall it's about as middle of the road as any wine on the market."	Crianza	86	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Nueva 2006 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Finca Nueva
Italy	"Aromas include ripe plum, blackberry, vanilla, coffee and a hint of toasted oak. On the palate, notes of mocha and chocolate back up candied cherry and black raspberry. Firm tannins support the juicy flavors. Drink through 2021."	Serragrilli	89	80	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Marchesi di Barolo 2011 Serragrilli  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Marchesi di Barolo
France	"A rich and jammy wine that has ripe tannins that form a backdrop to the generous black fruits. Produced from old vines, the wine shows a rich and concentrated character. The aftertaste is punctuated by fresh acidity."	Optimum	90	25	Southwest France	Fronton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bellevue la Forêt 2009 Optimum Red (Fronton)	Red Blend	Château Bellevue la Forêt
US	"Relentless is Shafer's Syrah-based red wine. It's always rich, ripe and bold, and the 2009 is no exception. The alcohol is very high, making the wine heady and warm. If you can get past that, you'll find a huge wine, massive in blackberry, plump raisin and chocolate flavors, with soft tannins and a long, sweet finish. The blend contains 18% Petite Sirah."	Relentless	92	63	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Shafer 2009 Relentless Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Shafer
US	"Smoke and mineral notes lend a prominent savory tone to this wine, contrasting a palate that's sunny and sweet with pressed apple and pear flavors. It's straightforward in style, but refreshing with bright lemon acidity and a lasting iced-tea sweetness."	3rd Degree Late Harvest Sweet	86	15	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Four Degrees of Riesling 2012 3rd Degree Late Harvest Sweet Riesling (Seneca Lake)	Riesling	Four Degrees of Riesling
Spain	"Fresh, pure berry aromas don't mess around. This fruit-forward Crianza is mouth-filling and borders on lush. Flavors of black cherry, blackberry, pepper and spice finish solid as a rock, with length and a confirming sense of quality."	Fincas Landaluce Crianza	91	17	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Landaluce 2012 Fincas Landaluce Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Landaluce
France	"This full-bodied, fleshy wine fits the typical Châteauneuf-du-Pape mold, delivering ample black-cherry and plum fruit, then layering atop hints of Mexican chocolate and baking spices. Drink now–2025."	La Sousto	92	55	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine Lucien Barrot et Fils 2013 La Sousto Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine Lucien Barrot et Fils
US	"A solid, straightforward, all-purpose Pinot Gris, this offers firm and spicy pear and apple fruit, some crisp phenolics giving it a racy edge, and a little bite to the back of the palate. It has the acidity to stand up to creamy pasta sauces or soft cheeses."		87	17	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Evergreen Vineyards 2008 Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	Evergreen Vineyards
US	"Made from grapes grown on the Olivet Lane Vineyard, this wine features a ripe softness marked in sandalwood, cherry and earthy strawberry, the body and acidity levels moderate."	Orange Label	87	59	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Roadhouse Winery 2014 Orange Label Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Roadhouse Winery
US	"Laced with baked apples, ginger and savory spices, there's something unique about the nose on this off-dry Riesling. On the palate, honeyed apples and pears combine with a tart lemon-lime acidity and a hint of bitterness on the finish."		87	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Keuka Spring 2009 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Keuka Spring
Austria	"Bitter cherry fruits and firmer tannins dominate this serious, concentrated Pinot Noir. It has weight and a youthful bitterness that needs time to round out. The juiciness and the structure are both there for aging."	Grillenhügel	90	42	Thermenregion			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Johanneshof Reinisch 2010 Grillenhügel Pinot Noir (Thermenregion)	Pinot Noir	Johanneshof Reinisch
France	"A touch of freshly cut apple peel is all that appears on the shy nose. The palate is more approachable and opens into beautifully aromatic notions of ripe tart apples and blossom. This has a very harmonious balance and something like tender poise. This is absolutely fresh but it comes like a caress, touching and convincing with tenderness rather than flashy force. The palate is dry, has ample and aromatic apple fruit and immense charm. This is so easy to drink right now but will certainly evolve. It finishes with a long pure echo of lemon. Drink 2017–2027."	Eichberg Grand Cru Trois Châteaux	94	39	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Kuentz-Bas 2015 Eichberg Grand Cru Trois Châteaux Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Kuentz-Bas
US	"Matured in 50% new French oak, this wine offers medium concentration and appealing scents of rose petals, apples and cranberries. The tangy fruit is juicy and firm, and nicely balanced for cellaring."	Reserve	90	38	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Illahe 2010 Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Illahe
US	"This lovely wine has a great depth of decadent, succulent aromas of citrus and apple blossom, that explode around tangy acidity. Pear, quince and lemongrass-ginger spice dot the palate in measured, beautiful ways, finishing balanced and crisp."	Schug Estate	91	45	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Schug 2014 Schug Estate Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Schug
Argentina	"Cherry, cough drop, mineral, heat and red licorice on the nose, with medicinal raspberry and plum flavors. Snappy and fresh in the mouth, with a rooty finish touched up by vanilla. Flavorful and properly executed, with a slight intrusion of cherry cough medicine."	Reserve	88	20	Other	Neuquén		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alpataco 2006 Reserve Malbec (Neuquén)	Malbec	Alpataco
France	"This smoky wine is ripe with a fine balance between tannins and rich red fruits. It is warm, rounded and attractively spicy. The structure and dry core will allow the wine to age. Drink from 2022."	Les Vergelsess Premier Cru	90	58	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Françoise André 2015 Les Vergelsess Premier Cru  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Françoise André
Italy	"A Sauvignon Blanc from Sardinia, and it’s a good one. One worries after the slightly reticent nose, but after that it’s all uphill. Well balanced, with crisp acidity and an expansive mouthfeel. Its predominantly melon finish goes on and on."	Le Arenarie	88	12	Sicily & Sardinia	Sardinia				Sella & Mosca 1999 Le Arenarie Sauvignon Blanc (Sardinia)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sella & Mosca
US	"A collaboration between winemaker Nick Goldschmidt and his daughter Chelsea, this 100% Merlot delivers great value. Oaky in plummy black fruit and tobacco, it shows a touch of cedar and clove amidst mountainous tannins. An ideal wine for pepper steak off the grill."		88	18	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chelsea Goldschmidt 2012 Merlot (Alexander Valley)	Merlot	Chelsea Goldschmidt
US	"With no oak, this wine depends on richness of fruit to deliver. It offers orange, lemon and papaya flavors that are complex and spicy. There's a lot of acidity that really gets your mouth watering."	Estate Unoaked	87	23	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Mill Creek 2012 Estate Unoaked Chardonnay (Dry Creek Valley)	Chardonnay	Mill Creek
Italy	"This rich blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Sangiovese) opens with pretty chocolate tones followed by opulent cherry, spice, leather, tobacco and cola. This is a well shaped and focused wine with a linear, elegant feel in the mouth capped by soft, chewy texture."		94	120	Tuscany	Bolgheri Superiore				Grattamacco 2007  Bolgheri Superiore	Red Blend	Grattamacco
Italy	"Easy, slender and fresh, this bright Chianti (85% Sangiovese with Merlot) reveals green notes of olive and herb followed by wild berry and spice."		85	10	Tuscany	Chianti				Straccali 2011  Chianti	Red Blend	Straccali
Italy	"A blend of 60% Barbera, 20% Pinot Nero, 10% Merlot and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of black-skinned fruit and leafy underbrush. The firm palate delivers blackberry, nutmeg and cinnamon alongside fresh acidity and smooth tannins. Enjoy through 2019."	Bacialè	89	22	Piedmont	Monferrato		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Braida di Giacomo Bologna 2015 Bacialè Red (Monferrato)	Red Blend	Braida di Giacomo Bologna
US	"From the dark color, plummy aroma and heavy mouthfeel, you know this is a big, ponderous Pinot Noir. Nothing light or silky about it. Packs a punch with red berry, mushroom, red currant and smoked meat flavors, with the tannic pack of a Syrah, and finishes very dry. Aging is a gamble."		87	28	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Riverbench 2008 Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Riverbench
Portugal	"The estate, created at the beginning of the last century, has produced a soft wine that has generous tannins, black currant, and red fruits. The acidity and the spice both leave a perfumed aftertaste. Drink now."		86	14	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Batoreu 2015 Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Casa Batoreu
US	"Mourvèdre (42%) takes the lead on this blend followed by Syrah (38%) and Grenache. Oak aromas are initially in the lead, with notes of vanilla and barrel spice that are followed by lighter-styled cherry, cranberry and spice flavors. There's plenty to hold the interest."	Trí	90	36	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cairdeas 2013 Trí Red (Yakima Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Cairdeas
Italy	"Le Buche is an interesting winery to watch, and its various Tuscan blends show great promise. Memento is equal parts Sangiovese and Syrah with a soft, velvety texture and a bright berry finish."	Giuseppe Olivi Memento	90	45	Tuscany	Toscana				Le Buche 2006 Giuseppe Olivi Memento Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Le Buche
Italy	"Here's an elegant and fine Barbaresco with silky tannins and drying touches of talc powder and exotic spice. An austere quality shows on the nose, with smoked bacon, tobacco and black currant aromas. It displays beautiful intensity as well."	Sanadaive	91	28	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Adriano Marco & Vittorio 2009 Sanadaive  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Adriano Marco & Vittorio
Mexico	"Lafarga's wines are expensive and shoot high, but they are awfully rustic in general. This Syrah is earthy and rubbery on the nose, then hard as rocks on the palate due to clamp-down tannins. Flavors of dark fruits, plastic and oak finish with heat."	Equinoccio	83	35	Valle de Guadalupe			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lafarga 2008 Equinoccio Syrah (Valle de Guadalupe)	Syrah	Lafarga
France	This is a ripe juicy wine with fine red fruits and acidity. The smoky tannins are a fine support to the berry flavors. It is developing well and should be ready to drink from 2017.		87	18	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Légende 2014  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Légende
US	"This wine offers barnyard scents: saddle leather and silage, compost and herb. It's got the sort of aromas that are found in some biodynamic wines, smells of moist earth and what one winemaker calls the good funk. But it doesn't follow through in the mouth. It offers no depth and little weight, leaving an astringent, earthy impression. Maybe with time it will show more flesh."	Cuvée Noir	87	50	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dobbes Family Estate 2005 Cuvée Noir Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dobbes Family Estate
Italy	"Aromas of honeysuckle and orchard fruit lead the nose. The fruity palate doles out white peach, green apple and a hint of white almond alongside lively acidity. A mineral note signals the close."		88	14	Veneto	Soave		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Cappuccina 2013  Soave	White Blend	La Cappuccina
US	"Completing and complementing the winery's extensive portfolio of Pinot Gris, this is the only one that spends time in barrel. As a note to its uniqueness, the King Estate name is intentionally printed upside down on the label. Though there are no intrusive oak-dominated flavors, the technique definitely softens and smooths the wine, eliminating some of the aromatic details and much of the tang. It's ready to drink: lightly toasty, with pleasant apple and pear flavors."	Paradox Barrel Aged	89	24	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	King Estate 2015 Paradox Barrel Aged Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	King Estate
US	"A blend based on Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, this is heavy, soft and fruity, delivering a blackberry flavor and a dry finish."	The Swell	83	21	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Tower 15 2010 The Swell Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Tower 15
US	"This opens with a pleasing toasty aroma, following through on the palate. That deft touch of French oak (33% new) frames a solid core of strawberry preserves and Bing cherry fruit. It resonates on through a stylish, textural finish. Enjoy this immediately, and tuck away a few bottles to drink in five years."	Five Faces	90	33	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Fullerton 2014 Five Faces Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Fullerton
US	"From the mountains above Lake Sonoma, this rocky, robust and ultimately rewarding wine is spicy in cinnamon and clove lined in savory layers of black pepper and leather. Brambly blackberry lies in wait to untangle in the glass, adding to the overall satisfaction of this full-bodied beauty."	Rockpile Reserve	92	60	California	Rockpile	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mazzocco 2013 Rockpile Reserve Zinfandel (Rockpile)	Zinfandel	Mazzocco
US	"Henry estate, Scott Henry explains, “is more Alsace/Burgundy country, but we feel we are on the ragged edge of pulling these Bordeaux guys off.” A fair and candid assessment. This is a lean, but not too green, Merlot. It shows dark cherry fruit, some stem and wood, and fairly stiff tannins."		85	18	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Henry Estate 1999 Merlot (Oregon)	Merlot	Henry Estate
US	"This wine from one of Amador County's legendary vineyards is structured, oaky and pleasantly dry. Toasty, peppery, grilled aromas and straightforward blackberry and raspberry fruit flavors are backed by firm tannins and acidity, lending the palate appetizing bite. While this vintage tastes tighter than the last two, expect it to mellow through 2020 at least."	Deaver Vineyard	89	30	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Terra d'Oro 2015 Deaver Vineyard Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Terra d'Oro
US	"Noticeable alcohol gives this Zin both heat and apparent sweetness. Combined with a superripe fruit flavor that veers into raisin territory, it turns rustic. Drink it with barbecue."	Branham Vineyard	85	30	California	Rockpile	Sonoma			Hobo 2010 Branham Vineyard Zinfandel (Rockpile)	Zinfandel	Hobo
Italy	"A skillful blending of 50% Barbera and 50% Nebbiolo, the Cogno has lovely wild strawberry aromas, cranberry and a touch of licorice. Light bodied but with fairly intense flavors, it was pleasant and interesting, its only fault lay in the slightly high acidity."	Montegrilli	89	27	Piedmont	Langhe				Elvio Cogno 2004 Montegrilli Red (Langhe)	Red Blend	Elvio Cogno
Chile	"Pithy citrus and nectarine aromas announce a palate that's citrusy all the way. Flavors of orange, lemon and grapefruit keep a persistent citric character through the finish, which is basic but refreshing."		84	9	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TerraNoble 2013 Chardonnay (Central Valley)	Chardonnay	TerraNoble
Spain	"Simple lemon-lime aromas are easy and fresh. This feels round and regular; flavors of apple, green herbs and lemon-lime end with citric kick and pointy malic acidity."	Brut Reserva	86	15	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cava Blanca NV Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Cava Blanca
US	"The Chester|Kidder Red gets an extra year in barrel and bottle prior to release. It's 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 28% Syrah and 17% Petit Verdot, yielding a big bruiser of a red that is oaky and tannic, with black cherry and cassis under substantial flavors of char, smoke and toast."		90	50	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chester Kidder 2009 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Chester Kidder
Germany	"Extreme reflects a level of oaking that may prove controversial. Raw cedary notes mark the nose, while some dark fruit sneaks through on the palate, reflecting the blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah. More wood shows up again on the finish, partially balanced by tart berries."	X-treme Prestive Cuvée	85	42	Pfalz			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Leo 2005 X-treme Prestive Cuvée Red (Pfalz)	Red Blend	Leo
US	"Soft and rather simple, it conveys raspberry jam, cola, sweetened herb tea and smoky oak flavors. It's an easy Pinot to drink now."	Sangiacomo Vineyard	85	54	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Sojourn 2012 Sangiacomo Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sojourn
US	"This Rhône-style blend of 60% Syrah, 20% Grenache and 20% Mourvèdre is soft and smooth. The fruity, forward palate shows little influence for having aged for 21 months in barrel, and so the flavors tend to be simple. Notes of red berries, red licorice and a dash of cayenne are all found."	Julian	87	28	Washington	Snipes Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Upland Estates 2009 Julian Red (Snipes Mountain)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Upland Estates
Italy	"This wine's red berry, fragrant blue flower, aromatic herb and new saddle leather scents lift out of the glass. The firm palate offers juicy Marasca cherry, raspberry compote, cinnamon and anise notes set against tightly wound tannins and vibrant acidity. Youthfully austere, it needs time to fully come together. Drink 2022–2034."	Montefico	93	50	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Ca' Nova 2014 Montefico  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	La Ca' Nova
US	"Made from Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah, this red wine shows the full body, rich tannins and overall elegance of Baldacci's red wines. It's powerful in blackberry, plum, currant, bacon and black-pepper spice flavors, and the tannins are strong but ultrarefined. Drink now–2015."	Four Sons Fraternity	90	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Baldacci 2008 Four Sons Fraternity Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Baldacci
US	"This classic, bone-dry Riesling is sourced from almost 40-year-old vines. Made with native yeast, fermented in stainless tanks, and not put through secondary fermentation, it's an acid lover's wine. Aromatic and textural, it brings citrus, yellow plum and green pineapple into focus, with penetrating tartness."	Antsy Pants	92	30	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Love & Squalor 2012 Antsy Pants Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Love & Squalor
Israel	"This wine has a clean nose of grapefruit with a hint of violet. Flavors of apricot and lemon take a backseat to a strong vein of lavender. Soft on entry, it has good mouthfeel and a nice pink grapefruit splash on the finish."		89	17	Upper Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Recanati 2014 Chardonnay (Upper Galilee)	Chardonnay	Recanati
US	"The third of the winery's 2014 Pinots to be released is the best yet. Vibrant and captivating from the first sniff to the final sip, this deftly displays lightly spicy cherry fruit, lively acidity and a supple mouthfeel. There's just the right touch of new wood and the balance throughout to age long-term. Drink now through 2030."		94	55	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Divio 2014 Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Divio
US	"Sour red-cherry and tart cassis notes abound on this brisk, slightly puckery Bordeaux blend. Medium bodied in style, it's refreshing on the palate with a cool mineral tone, but could benefit from a boost of concentration."	Optimus	85	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Swedish Hill 2010 Optimus Red (Finger Lakes)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Swedish Hill
France	"Aromas of this wine show considerable wood. On the palate, the wood is very present, giving acidity as well as layers of toast and spice. Hints of yellow fruit show through, suggesting the possibility of a ripe, rich wine in the future. Drink from 2019."	Bastion Premier Cru	90	59	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2013 Bastion Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Chardonnay	Chanson Père et Fils
US	"This is a nice Chardonnay to drink with shellfish, particularly grilled shrimp. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with rich pineapple, green apple and pear flavors, accented with sweet, toasty oak."		88	16	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Valley of the Moon 2009 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Valley of the Moon
US	"This esteemed winery's annual bubbly is crafted much like its still Chardonnays, showing focused aromas of chalk, lemon zest and a telltale brie cheese rind dairy element. It's very yeasty and slightly sour on the mouthwateringly sharp palate, with squeezed limes, lemon pith and underripe kumquat flavors."	3-D Sparkling	90	68	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Brewer-Clifton 2012 3-D Sparkling Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Brewer-Clifton
US	"The second release of Springhill's Mer Vin (sea wine) Pinot Noir is fruit-driven, and leaves an impression of sweetness along with the fruit flavors of strawberry jam. Powdered sugar and brown sugar and cream are evident, making for a pleasant, forward, easy-drinking wine for near-term enjoyment."	Mer Vin	87	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Springhill Cellars 2006 Mer Vin Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Springhill Cellars
US	"Clean and vibrant in the mouth, with zesty acidity and brisk flavors of tangerines, Meyer lemons, honey and vanilla. Nice as a cocktail sipper to get the evening started."		86	16	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Kenwood 2010 Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	Kenwood
US	"This is a juicy blend of blueberry-swaddled Carignane, Zinfandel and Petite Sirah that's also got cherry and raspberry fruit lurking around the edges. Firm, spicy and delicious, it's an out-of-the-ordinary blend that'll surprise and please, especially alongside Asian-inspired short ribs or anything caramelized."	The Deviant	90	42	California	Calaveras County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Newsome-Harlow 2010 The Deviant Red (Calaveras County)	Red Blend	Newsome-Harlow
US	"Sourced from old-vine Wädenswil clones, this effort carries the new Elkton AVA designation. Pretty raspberry and strawberry fruit is set in lightly toasty tannins. This is a lovely everyday Pinot Noir with some density."	Bradley Vineyard	88	23	Oregon	Elkton Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Monte Ferro 2013 Bradley Vineyard Pinot Noir (Elkton Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Monte Ferro
Spain	"Deep but reticent on the nose, with somewhat muted cherry and blackberry aromas. Plum and black-fruit flavors come prior to a dark, mouth-filling finish that's properly tannic and entirely substantive. For a mid-price Rioja there's depth, and beyond that the flavors and feel are clean and attractive."	Vallobera Crianza	87	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Pedro 1999 Vallobera Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	San Pedro
Italy	"Layered, deep and opulent, this yeasty rosé sparkling wine offers warm tones of baked bread, mature peach and honey with tart accents in the form of blueberry and raspberry. The wine delivers thick creaminess in the mouth and long persistency."	Rosé	90	30	Northeastern Italy	Trento				Ferrari NV Rosé Sparkling (Trento)	Sparkling Blend	Ferrari
Italy	"Smooth and juicy, this opens with aromas of wild berry, blue flower and a whiff of grilled herb. The soft, succulent palate doles out black cherry, chopped mint, cinnamon and a hint of mocha alongside dusty tannins and bright acidity. It's rather straightforward but delicious."	Le Corti	91	25	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Principe Corsini 2013 Le Corti  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Principe Corsini
Italy	"Dark-skinned berry, baking spice and floral aromas float from the glass while the taut palate delivers crushed raspberry, licorice and chopped herb. Firm refined tannins provide the backbone. Drink 2020–2027."		92	43	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Paolo Scavino 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Paolo Scavino
Germany	"Earthy saffron and fennel notes waft throughout this plush, sun-kissed Riesling, lending a savory cast to plump yellow peach and mango flavors. Zesty acidity brightens the mid palate, leading to a moderately long finish. Drink now."	Bin 169	87	12	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Twisted River 2014 Bin 169 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Twisted River
US	"Key-lime pith, light jasmine, lemongrass, kiwi and a touch of lemon brioche aromas show on the nose of this energetic and tasty wine by the Duckhorn crew. The palate is commanded by a great textural grip offering flavors of Gravenstein apple, sea salt and saltine cracker."	Dierberg Vineyard	92	55	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Migration 2014 Dierberg Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Migration
US	"Hailing from the winery's Arena Valley Vineyard, this wine has notes of dried cranberry and currant. Cranberry juice-like flavors are accented by oaky spice."	Arena Valley Vineyard	84	18	Idaho			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Snake River 2010 Arena Valley Vineyard Sangiovese	Sangiovese	Snake River
France	"The wine is rich and soft with some fine tannins. It has red fruit and blackberry flavors along with juicy acidity. Lightly structured, it will develop quickly and should be ready starting from 2017."		87	17	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut Mouleyre 2014  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut Mouleyre
Italy	"This presents aromas of toasted oak, espresso and a whiff of burned tire rubber. The lean palate displays raw, red cherry, coffee and oak extract alongside astringent tannins that leave an abrupt, bitter finish."	Vignabenefizio	84	19	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vignaioli del Morellino di Scansano 2013 Vignabenefizio  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Vignaioli del Morellino di Scansano
France	"Initially gentle and sunny, this wine develops a briary blackberry character as it opens up. It has a dry and tannic core that lends firm structure and suggests potential for aging. Drink from 2014."	Fontanyl	87	17	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Ravoire et Fils 2010 Fontanyl Red (Côtes de Provence)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Ravoire et Fils
US	"Made with 75% Sangiovese, with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon and Barbera, this wine has aromas of barrel spices, coffee, dark raspberries and herbs. It's medium bodied with plump fruit flavors, tart acids and a lightly chalky feel."	Patio	86	12	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chandler Reach 2012 Patio Red (Yakima Valley)	Red Blend	Chandler Reach
US	"Hearty plum, deep rose petal, earthy juniper, a touch of charcoal and crushed graphite aromas show strongly on the nose of this bottling from a tiny block in this historic vineyard. The palate packs an awesome combination of tension, energy and power, like a clenched fist in a silk glove, with tangy olallieberry fruit and a menthol character that carries deep into the finish."	Block 8 Bien Nacido Vineyard	95	62	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 2014 Block 8 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
US	"A new brand from Scott Paul, this relatively value-priced wine is tight and tart, with cranberry and black cherry fruit. The acidity juts out a bit, though that may improve with additional bottle age."		88	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	WildStock 2013 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	WildStock
Italy	"Aromas of violet, ripe plum and a whiff of espresso lead the nose of this straightforward red. The easygoing palate offers dried cherry, crushed raspberry and a hint of ground pepper alongside fresh acidity and dusty, rather fleeting tannins."	Castelgreve	87	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castelli del Grevepesa 2012 Castelgreve  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Castelli del Grevepesa
France	"A quirky wine, but largely successful, with upfront tones of clove-spiced orange peel and baking bread followed by dried fruit notes in the mouth. The long finish is on the sweet side and winds down to a note of Asian candy."	Le Moine Mœnchberg Grand Cru	88	55	Alsace	Alsace				Marc Kreydenweiss 2007 Le Moine Mœnchberg Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Marc Kreydenweiss
US	"This wine has an intriguing bouquet of mango, straw and toasted nuts. Concentrated flavors of chamomile, lemon and a stony minerality mix playfully. Round in feel, with delicate acidity, the finish is smooth and dry."	Acte 12 of 1619	87	22	Virginia	Virginia		Carrie Dykes		The Williamsburg Winery 2015 Acte 12 of 1619 Chardonnay (Virginia)	Chardonnay	The Williamsburg Winery
Australia	"A nicely textured if somewhat oaky Pinot Noir, with cherry fruit that just sufficient to support the plush coating of vanilla and cedar. Long and layered but oaky on the finish. Drink now and over the next couple of years."		89	22	Victoria	Beechworth		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Brokenwood 2010 Pinot Noir (Beechworth)	Pinot Noir	Brokenwood
US	"This Chardonnay has ripe, rich tangerine, pear and pineapple flavors. It wasn't aged in oak, and the malolactic fermentation was blocked. The result is a clean, vibrant and mouthwatering selection."	Zotovich Vineyard	90	34	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Transcendence 2011 Zotovich Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Transcendence
Italy	"This is a blend of Bordeaux grapes sourced from the Riparbella Vineyard, which is located at 1,500 feet above sea level in Maremma. The property belongs to the Ferragamo fashion family. The tannins are velvety, firm and do a great job of supporting the bright flavors of black fruit and spice."	Prima Pietra	92	77	Tuscany	Toscana				Castiglion del Bosco 2008 Prima Pietra Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castiglion del Bosco
Australia	"A pillowy and tropical Chard that doesn't get sloppy soft or overly tart and hard. Toasted marshmallow, pineapple and banana aromas; lightly caramelized pineapple dusted with cinnamon flavors. Finishes with a smoky edge. Best Buy."	Bin 222	87	9	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Wyndham Estate 2000 Bin 222 Chardonnay (South Eastern Australia)	Chardonnay	Wyndham Estate
US	"A new effort from DDO, this drops Domaine Drouhin from the name, and puts the vineyard name front and center. It's young and well-crafted, with strawberry and cherry fruit. The potential is evident for an impressive site once the vines get some age under them."		88	35	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Drouhin Oregon Roserock 2014 Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Drouhin Oregon Roserock
Portugal	"Spicy toast and wood aromas are the prelude to a wine that is extra soft, velvet almost, only hinting at tannins. The acidity is what gives structure to this wine, the berry and fig flavors rounding it out."	Sexy Tinto	85	13	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fitapreta Vinhos 2007 Sexy Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Fitapreta Vinhos
France	"Rich, as a Blanc de Noirs from Pinot Noir should be, this wine reflects the prime location of Mailly on the north slopes of the Montagne de Reims. It has some tannic structure as well as delicious line in black currant and acidity. It is a young bottling, so keep for several months."	Blanc de Noirs Brut	89	52	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mailly Grand Cru NV Blanc de Noirs Brut Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Mailly Grand Cru
France	"Bright and concentrated at the same time, with strong notes of black berries and cassis backed by softer notes of yellow flowers, almond skin, rosemary and pepper. The mouth is lightweight but full, with soft acids and a short but clean finish. Very approachable; drink now."	Grand Terroir Tautavel	87	19	Languedoc-Roussillon	Côtes du Roussillon Villages		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Gérard Bertrand 2006 Grand Terroir Tautavel Red (Côtes du Roussillon Villages)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Gérard Bertrand
US	"While delicious now with flavors of raspberries, cherries, cola and oak, all showered with tart, citrusy acidity, this wine also has a great future. Give it 6–8 years to evolve in the bottle for further complexity."	Rincon Vineyard	92	60	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Talley 2011 Rincon Vineyard Pinot Noir (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Pinot Noir	Talley
US	"At 81%, this could be a varietally labeled Merlot, with the rest Cabernet Franc (15%) and Petit Verdot. It appeals with pretty aromas of cocoa, wood spice and jammy red fruit that are followed by full-bodied fruit and barrel flavors that pack a wallop while staying in balance."	BFM	91	53	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dusted Valley 2013 BFM Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Dusted Valley
US	"A heavy chaparral element consumes the nose of this wine, with sagebrush, eucalyptus, pencil lead and just a touch of elderberry fruit. The palate is all about tart cranberries and sour cherries, with a bit of graphite minerality holding it together. It's a brisk and earthy sipper."		88	25	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Santa Barbara Winery 2013 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Santa Barbara Winery
Italy	"Fragrant and refined, this has classic Nebbiolo aromas of woodland berry, rose petal, tilled soil and a balsamic note of eucalyptus. It's vibrant, elegant and balanced, boasting juicy cherry, crushed strawberry, white pepper and a hint of licorice framed in bright acidity and taut, polished tannins. Drink 2019–2026."		94	40	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Brezza 2013  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Brezza
France	"The wine is lean, with more acidity than fruit. It does have a tannin edge that gives it structure but the fact the wine wasn't aged in wood means it lacks any depth. Drink now."	Tradition	84	16	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Charles Sparr 2013 Tradition Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Charles Sparr
Italy	"Here's a sophisticated sparkler (made with 80% Chardonnay and a remaining component of Pinot Nero and Pinot Bianco) that opens with creamy notes of apricot, honey and toasted baguette. Tangy apricot flavors are backed by tart lemon zest flavors and lively bubbling."	Cuvée Brut	90	48	Lombardy	Franciacorta				Bellavista NV Cuvée Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Bellavista
France	"Its citrus and melon aromas unfortunately also take on the added and unwanted scent of cleaning solution. The mouth is tart and lean, with lots of lemon. It finishes on the sour side. Properly chilled and with the right food, however, it could be refreshing."		83	15	Loire Valley	Sancerre				Sauvion 2001  Sancerre	Sauvignon Blanc	Sauvion
US	"Fermented in 80% stainless steel and 20% barrel, this at first shows a touch of barrel reduction on the nose that dissipates into richly layered stone fruit and fresh lime. Lingering minerality provides freshness and perspective."	Hi Vista Vineyard	91	19	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tin Barn 2015 Hi Vista Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Carneros)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tin Barn
US	"This is a light, streamlined Syrah, boasting brown sugar, baking spice and bramble berry notes over a stream of red currant and white pepper."		85	19	Virginia	Virginia		Alexander Peartree		Rosemont 2013 Syrah (Virginia)	Syrah	Rosemont
US	"While light-bodied, gentle and intricate, this wine offers plenty of flavor nuances. Cranberry and herb tea aromas mark the nose, while the mouthfeel is at once soothing and tangy, with mulled cherry and clove aromas that slowly emerge and persist on the finish. It's a treat to sip and savor."	Boontling	91	39	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Phillips Hill 2015 Boontling Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Phillips Hill
Italy	"Fresh and easy drinking, this light-bodied fragrant red has aromas wild red berry, blue flower and a whiff of baking spice. The brisk simple palate offers tart cherry, orange peel and clove. Bracing acidity dominates the finish."		86	15	Piedmont	Colline Novaresi		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ioppa 2013 Nebbiolo (Colline Novaresi)	Nebbiolo	Ioppa
US	"This is 85% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Syrah, with a core of blueberry and cocoa. It's super-smooth and quite easy to sip and enjoy. But apart from that, and the seductive coffee/mocha flavors that run rampant through the finish, it shows little of the depth and complexity that Washington Cabernet can display. Drink 2017–2019."	Foreshadow	88	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Bookwalter 2011 Foreshadow Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	J. Bookwalter
US	"A spine of steel runs through the core of this wine, supporting spicy fruit flavors of cranberry, pomegranate and raspberry. Details of black tea contribute to the length, while the balanced tannins and underlying minerality give it still more structural support."	Carter Vineyard	94	65	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2012 Carter Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
US	"Made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine was grown in the Vaca Mountains above the Silverado Trail, within the Rutherford AVA. It's very dry and very tannic, making it undrinkable now. Yet it has a potent core of blackberries and black cherries, and is classically structured. Seems to have everything it needs for the cellar. 2012–2018."	Auberge Road Vineyard	94	60	California	Rutherford	Napa			Lieff 2006 Auberge Road Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lieff
France	"There is some good structure here, as befits a Saint-Estèphe, along with intense fruits and ripe blackberry flavors. That makes the wine both very drinkable now and gives it aging for the next two years. The aftertaste with its juicy acidity is already attractive."	Château Grand Chemin Monplaisir	88	20	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Producta Vignobles 2011 Château Grand Chemin Monplaisir  (Saint-Estèphe)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Producta Vignobles
Argentina	"This is one exotic number. The nose shows blueberry, boysenberry, charcoal, plenty of oak and hints of cardamom and star anise. A lush, layered palate is intense but doesn't hit too hard, while concentrated blackberry, licorice and spice flavors set up a peppery, minty finish that's stout and structured."	Don David Reserve	91	18	Other	Calchaquí Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Michel Torino 2012 Don David Reserve Malbec (Calchaquí Valley)	Malbec	Michel Torino
Italy	"This is a 100% unoaked Chardonnay that opens with bright tones of citrus, banana and pineapple. There's a fresh acidic kick at the end."	È 100 Per Cento Unoaked	86	11	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Orion Wine 2011 È 100 Per Cento Unoaked Chardonnay (Sicilia)	Chardonnay	Orion Wine
Argentina	"Chocolate and charcoal aromas form a dark and masculine greeting. There's also coffee and an herbal note to the nose. Lush but not heavy, tannic or plodding, with powerful black fruit and herbal flavors. Runs deep and long on the finish; impressive."	Reserva	91	24	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sottano 2010 Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Sottano
Portugal	"A forward, fruity wine that shows ripe black-currant fruit. It does have the structure that comes from the tough soils of the Douro, but this is balanced by the acidity, juicy fruitiness and ripe tannins. Drink now."	Altano	87	9	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Symington Family Estates 2011 Altano Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Symington Family Estates
Italy	"A Sauvignon Blanc from Sardinia, and it’s a good one. One worries after the slightly reticent nose, but after that it’s all uphill. Well balanced, with crisp acidity and an expansive mouthfeel. Its predominantly melon finish goes on and on."	Le Arenarie	88	12	Sicily & Sardinia	Sardinia				Sella & Mosca 1999 Le Arenarie Sauvignon Blanc (Sardinia)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sella & Mosca
US	"Fresh apple flavors and a crisp vein of acidity make this medium-bodied wine lively and refreshing, while still delivering delicious Pippin apple and white peach flavors. It feels balanced, clean and easy to enjoy."		87	8	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Twisted 2013 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Twisted
Italy	"Aromas suggesting truffle, crushed herb, prune and pressed blue flower slowly take shape on this elegantly structured red. The bright palate is firm and linear, offering Marasca cherry, cocoa and clove set against fine-grained, polished tannins and fresh acidity."	Montabiolo Riserva	91	26	Tuscany	Carmignano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Ambra 2012 Montabiolo Riserva  (Carmignano)	Red Blend	Fattoria Ambra
US	"The vineyard is in the heart of the Rutherford bench. The wine is rich in fruit and tannins, but a bit clumsy, with a chunky, tannic mouthfeel and jammy, direct blackberry and blueberry fruit flavors. Not ready for drinking now, but well-made, and should age well, as Cabs from this stretch tend to have a long life."	Morisoli Vineyard	92	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Elyse 2005 Morisoli Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Elyse
US	"An interesting wine you can call intellectual. Its appeal is as much conceptual as hedonistic. It's the opposite of today's soft, sweet fruit bombs, being bone dry and somewhat austere, showing a tightly knit tannic structure. With an explosive, but controlled, central core of blackberries, it's a cellar candidate. It will be fascinating to try this wine after 2014."	Le Roi Soleil	92	65	California	Mount Veeder	Napa			Y Rousseau 2008 Le Roi Soleil Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Y Rousseau
Italy	"This Cabernet's penetrating green notes are very much in character with the variety: tomato leaf, leafy greens, medicinal notes, exotic spice and cherry cola. Its meaty consistency is topped by a blast of sour cherry."	Macchion del Lupo	87	16	Tuscany	Toscana				Marchesi Ginori Lisci 2005 Macchion del Lupo Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Marchesi Ginori Lisci
US	"The Cabernet Sauvignon grape really comes through on this rosé from Paso Robles pioneer Justin. There is strawberry shortcake at first, but the Cab's capacin-led aromas of green bell pepper are prominent. The pepper carries through to the palate, in a very intriguing, tasty way, offering balance between berry fruit and green bitterness."		87	20	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Justin 2013 Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	Justin
US	"Made in a heavy, dense style, with extracted fruit flavors and lots of oak, this Cab is immediately flashy in chocolate, blackberry jam and toast. It delivers in richness, yet lacks a certain vitality. Drink now."		87	27	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Charles Krug 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Charles Krug
US	"A study of the darker side of the grape from Josh Baker and Matt Brain, this shows black cherry, olallieberry, sarsaparilla and black pepper on the nose. The palate is also unctuous with black licorice, black cherry and cola, with eucalyptus and sage spices adding excellent complexity."	Escolle VIneyard	92	44	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Baker & Brain 2012 Escolle VIneyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Baker & Brain
France	"A fine expression of mineral Sauvignon Blanc, very textured with green herb and fruit skins giving a tense shape to a wine that could age. It's finely balanced, the refreshing acidity cutting right through the wine."	Les Belles Côtes	89	30	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roger et Didier Raimbault 2010 Les Belles Côtes  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Roger et Didier Raimbault
Italy	"This offers aromas of bell pepper and raisin, with a whiff of toast. The warm, round palate shows ripe black-fruit flavors, layered with red-bell-pepper and coffee accents. You'll also notice an alcoholic warmth to the close."		87	25	Veneto	Valpolicella Ripasso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Corte San Benedetto 2010  Valpolicella Ripasso	Red Blend	Corte San Benedetto
US	"Luscious, sun-kissed black plum and cherry flavors are offset by a revitalizing crush of pomegranate acidity in this briskly composed Syrah. It's satisfyingly ripe, but complex tones of graphite and smoke maintain an appealing edge. Shows well now, but could improve through 2020."	North Block Nine	90	30	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Atwater 2013 North Block Nine Syrah (Finger Lakes)	Syrah	Atwater
Germany	"Exotic spice, stone fruit and orange rind tones perfume this aromatic dry Riesling. Full bodied and lusciously textured, it gains a cutting, linear feel on the midpalate from staccato strikes of lime pith and lemony acidity. It's a finely poised wine with dramatic complexity that's likely to evolve well through 2025."	Hochheimer Kirchenstück Trocken GG Erste Lage	92	54	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Domdechant Werner 2013 Hochheimer Kirchenstück Trocken GG Erste Lage Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Domdechant Werner
US	"A burly surprise from southern Oregon; there are flowery, almost honeyed elements to the black-fruit nose. It scores big points in the mouthfeel category—it’s round, chewy and creamy. Oak is a giant factor here; you’d better like mounds of toasty wood. If you do, the plump plummy fruit will make your day. But stand clear of this hefster if you prefer elegant, streamlined Pinot Noir."		89	30	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bear Creek 1998 Pinot Noir (Rogue Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bear Creek
US	"This is a ripe, soft Cabernet, forward in blackberry, cherry and oak flavors. It's a little sweet, but the tannins give it proper support. Drink now."	Estate	85	25	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			La Storia 2009 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	La Storia
France	"From the grandest of the Grand Cru vineyards, this wine is powerful and structured. Its intense white and yellow fruit gains extra richness from subtle wood aging. It's juicy, ripe and full in the mouth. Drink from 2021."	Les Clos Grand Cru	94	69	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	La Chablisienne 2014 Les Clos Grand Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	La Chablisienne
Italy	"Grilled vegetable, celery and camphor aromas lead the nose of this wine. The palate is raw, tight and tense, showing oak, roasted coffee bean and bitter sage flavors alongside raspy tannins."	Gallina	86	130	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Spinetta 2014 Gallina  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	La Spinetta
France	"Very recognisably Pinot Noir, even if not Burgundian, this is an earthy wine that is full of spice and secondary, mature flavors. It is rich and impressively full while keeping the perfumed Pinot character. The wine, from a portion of the Château Montus vineyard, is ready to drink."	Le Pinot Noir d'Alain Brumont	88	40	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignobles Brumont 2009 Le Pinot Noir d'Alain Brumont Pinot Noir (Vin de France)	Pinot Noir	Vignobles Brumont
US	"Right out of the chute this has sappy, delicious black cherry fruit, accented with scents of tobacco and graphite. Streaks of ash and more juicy berries fill the middle, as it unfolds into a taut, sculpted finish. A classical style from a vintage that favors it; accessible, yet built for cellaring."	Seven Hills Vineyard	93	28	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Seven Hills 2008 Seven Hills Vineyard Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Seven Hills
US	"This block selection from the estate vineyard is planted to the old Pommard clone. It's an elegantly dry wine, dense in black and red cherry fruit, with hints of cola, wild herbs and spices. Feels very fine and silky in the mouth, and gets better with airing. Drink now and over the next six years."	Earthquake Block Don Miguel Vineyard	93	47	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Marimar Estate 2008 Earthquake Block Don Miguel Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Marimar Estate
US	"Ripe, briary aromas of wild berries, plums and earth veer into dark chocolate. Flavors are on the light side, and seem a little soft. An affordable everyday wine to serve at picnics. Don’t be misled by the “Home Ranch” description; this is not an estate wine."	Home Ranch	82	9	California	California	California Other			Fetzer 1997 Home Ranch Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Fetzer
Portugal	"The estate is owned by the Olazabal family, descendants of Antonia Ferreira who created this and many other estates in the 19th century. This is a major wine, ripe and full of rich tannins and concentrated fruit. It is always one of the longest-lived wines from the Douro and this vintage has the structure and the fruit weight to develop well. An attractive spicy, smoky character adds extra interest. Drink from 2022."		95	100	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Vale Meão 2014 Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Vale Meão
France	"This wine is structured, dark and dense, with great swathes of smoky tannins plus plenty of red-fruit flavors. With its concentration, structure and richness, the wine will develop well and powerfully. Drink from 2021."	Les Teurons Premier Cru	91	75	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Albert Morot 2014 Les Teurons Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Albert Morot
US	"With sizable yet soft tannins firmly in place, this wine unleashes substantial flavors of raspberry and prosciutto-wrapped fig. Its seamless texture is dotted in vanilla and smoky meat, ending with plush, round knots of blackberry pie."	Liar's Dice	90	21	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Murphy-Goode 2013 Liar's Dice Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Murphy-Goode
US	"A huge wine, almost old-fashioned in its tannins. They're so strong, they freeze the palate with astringency, like a shot of Novacaine. It's also very dry, despite sweetly ripe blackberry essence, licorice and dark chocolate. All indications are that this is an ageworthy wine. Should begin to throw sediment and mellow in seven or eight years, and could go the distance to 2020 and beyond."		94	150	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Notre Vin 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Notre Vin
Spain	"This basic Tempranillo has many good things to offer. Although a touch heavy and oaky on the nose, it's generous and congruent. Initial flavors of raw wood and campfire settle down and are replaced by dark-berry fruit notes. On the finish, this is woody, with powerful berry and cherry notes in support."	6 Meses Barrica	86	10	Central Spain	Uclés		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca La Estacada 2015 6 Meses Barrica Tempranillo (Uclés)	Tempranillo	Finca La Estacada
Italy	"Aromas of toasted oak, nut, acacia flower and orchard fruit come together in the glass. The firm palate offers mature yellow apple, candied nectarine zest, toasted hazelnut and flinty mineral. Bright acidity provides balance."	Bianco	90	20	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta delle Terre Nere 2014 Bianco  (Etna)	White Blend	Tenuta delle Terre Nere
Argentina	"Wiry plum and raspberry aromas are jumpy and a touch candied. This feels bulky and grapy, with an obtuse body. Salty lightly herbal plum and berry flavors end with a touch of heat along with herbal leftovers."	Serie A	87	15	Mendoza Province	Valle de Uco		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zuccardi 2013 Serie A Cabernet Sauvignon (Valle de Uco)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Zuccardi
US	"Rum-raisin cake comes to mind when smelling this robust, ripe wine that wears its intensity well. Fruit-forward with cherry and berry flavors, its texture is soft and luxuriously simple."		88	23	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	De Loach 2014 Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	De Loach
US	"Citrusy and grassy, this light-bodied wine shows delicate tropical fruit tones on a perceptibly sweet finish."	Black Label Club Fumé Blanc	81	26	Virginia	Virginia		Alexander Peartree		Bogati 2013 Black Label Club Fumé Blanc Sauvignon Blanc (Virginia)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bogati
US	"There is a darker fruit spectrum evident in the reserve, with notes of coffee, smoke, black fruits, a touch of charred wood all worked through, and without damping the core fruit flavors. Those bright flavors spotlight raspberry, plum and black cherry. A light cola flavor pokes through, with ripe tannins and proportionate acids. The barrel treatment is beautifully applied, adding sweet spice to the finish."	Evenstad Reserve	94	70	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Serene 2014 Evenstad Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Serene
US	"This has a rather deep red color and a slightly smoky rim. It offers profuse aromas of black cherry and blackberry, medium to full body and a generous texture. It's enjoyable for the fruit flavor, and easy to drink due to the soft texture. The finish is lingering and almost sweet."	Estate Bottled	87	30	California	Mendocino Ridge		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Greenwood Ridge 2013 Estate Bottled Pinot Noir (Mendocino Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Greenwood Ridge
South Africa	"There's great vibrancy on the nose of this wine, with bright scents of ripe nectarine and pineapple core, framed by a floral accent reminiscent of rose water. The mouthfeel is light and accessible, with yellow apple and lime rind flavors. Drink now."	Unoaked	87	12	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Winery of Good Hope 2011 Unoaked Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Winery of Good Hope
US	"A sour-spicy nose of stewed cranberries, chai and floral infusions reveal the nuances of this single-vineyard offering from a coastal appellation, just over the hills from Pismo Beach. Bright red fruit flavors are laid across an herbal backbone with anise and black olive in the midpalate, finishing with bitter greens."	Wolff Vineyard	91	50	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Summerland 2012 Wolff Vineyard Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Summerland
Spain	"Minerally plum and raspberry aromas come with latex and Band-Aid notes. This feels tannic, loud and high in acidity. Rubber and iodine flavors come in front of plum and raspberry fruit, while the finish is juicy and fresh, but drawing."	Tinto Joven	86	13	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Larchago 2014 Tinto Joven  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Larchago
Portugal	"Always a powerful wine, this has the added benefit of being produced from a fine vintage, yielding a hugely dense and concentrated bottling. Power comes from the ripe blackberry and black currant fruit and from the dark, firm tannins. Age this wine at least five years."	Grande Reserva	93	39	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Portal 2009 Grande Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Portal
US	"Velvety and dense, this vineyard designate from a cool appellation is floral and herbal as well as freshly celebratory in wild strawberry. A leathery texture finds balance and life in prickly acidity."	Nolan Vineyard	90	32	California	Bennett Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Baldassari Family Wines 2014 Nolan Vineyard Syrah (Bennett Valley)	Syrah	Baldassari Family Wines
US	"Aged in 68% new French oak, the barrel notes take center stage here with aromas of toast and spice. The palate is creamy and full with a viscous feel, tapering in concentration toward the finish."	Reserve	87	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2011 Reserve Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Waterbrook
US	"This bottle is quite unusual for a Washington Malbec with abundant notes of freshly squeezed Meyer lemon, plum and herbs. Still, it's well constructed with tart, plush plum flavors that keep you coming back to it."	No. 10	88	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ded.Reckoning 2012 No. 10 Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Ded.Reckoning
US	"Niner's Paso Robles Bordeaux-style reds have attracted attention. Now the winery turns to Pinot Noir, but they wisely turn to the cooler Edna Valley. The resulting wine is dry, silky and crisp in acidity, with pleasant raspberry and sandalwood flavors."		88	35	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Niner 2012 Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Niner
Italy	"This wine opens with slightly rustic, leafy aromas that blow off in the glass to reveal mature black fruit and spice. The soft palate offers up ripe black cherry, blackberry and cinnamon. It's round and ready so enjoy soon."	Le Masse di Greve Riserva	89	35	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lanciola 2009 Le Masse di Greve Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Lanciola
Argentina	"Leathery animal notes blend with stalky berry and plum aromas in front of a bumpy palate with hard tannins. This tastes of herbal plum and berry, with a mildly green, oaky accent. That same oaky, green action repeats on the finish."	Reserva Estate	85	12	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca El Origen 2015 Reserva Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Uco Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Finca El Origen
Italy	"This opens with aromas of camphor, dried herb and red berry while the firm palate shows black licorice, peppercorn, sour cherry and a hint of tobacco. A backbone of assertive tannins provides structure. Drink after 2020."	Bricco San Pietro	90	38	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Podere Ruggeri Corsini 2012 Bricco San Pietro  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Podere Ruggeri Corsini
US	"Winemaker Jeff Fink is unleashing a cross-section of clones in 2012, and this take on Pommard offers delicious aromas of berry-laced crème brûlée with bay leaf. There is a bitterness at first on the tannic palate, and it washes out quickly with tart cranberries."	Pommard Clone Dierberg Vineyard	88	70	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tantara 2012 Pommard Clone Dierberg Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Tantara
Portugal	"This densely tannic wine is bold and linear, with concentrated chocolate and spice flavors. Rich black fruits are layered with acidity and a tight, mineral texture. Still firm, the wine is not likely to soften more, so drink now."	Vertice Grande Reserva	87	26	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Transmontanas 2013 Vertice Grande Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Caves Transmontanas
US	"This elegant, Burgundian wine carries nuanced flavors of cranberry, crabapple, raspberry and beet root. Tart and acidic, with nicely-balanced tannins, it neither masks nor apologizes for its herbal aspect. Excellent length and structure overall."	Nicholas Estate	90	32	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Anam Cara 2009 Nicholas Estate Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Anam Cara
US	"This mild-tasting and light-bodied wine has a transparent pink color, muted fruity aromas and generic flavors. The texture is smooth and rather soft."	Rosé of	84	12	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	McManis 2016 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Lodi)	Pinot Noir	McManis
US	"A Bordeaux blend of five grapes, this melds blackberry and black cherry fruit with plenty of toasty oak and ground coffee. It's a nice mix of fruit and barrel, dark and smoky, but not too heavy at 14.2% alcohol."	Sur La Mer	91	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	William Church 2007 Sur La Mer Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	William Church
US	"This is a flavorful full-bodied wine from a cool growing region that keeps a tangy balance to support the generous apple, white peach and mineral flavors. It offers more depth and concentration than most versions and will be enjoyable to drink before or during a meal."	Gris Neighbors	90	25	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Lichen Estate 2015 Gris Neighbors Pinot Gris (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Gris	Lichen Estate
US	"More subtle at first than the 2010 River Turn, Stony Terrace, another of Black Kite's yearly single-block designates, is earthy, savory and dense. Mouth filling in its juicy red and blue fruit flavor, it's silky and entirely seductive. Well integrated and structured, it's another fine choice for the table and for cellaring another 5–7 years."	Stony Terrace	94	55	California	Anderson Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Kite 2010 Stony Terrace Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Black Kite
Australia	"The darkening color and honeyed, butterscotch-like aromas suggest a wine that is entering decline. There's still enough peach and mango fruit to give it some interest, but drink up."		83	9	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Gumdale 2010 Chardonnay (South Eastern Australia)	Chardonnay	Gumdale
US	"To call this Cabernet huge is an understatement. The tannins are hard and dramatic. As for the fruit, you can hardly find strong enough descriptors. It shows blackberry jam and black currants, cassis liqueur and minerals raised to fabulous mountain concentration. Violets and oak add to the equation. Somehow it all balances out, resulting in a wine of unusual grace and power. But it needs age. Drink 2019–2031, if not beyond."	Estate Vineyard	96	80	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			Von Strasser 2011 Estate Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Von Strasser
US	"Rather heavy in texture, a big, full-bodied and tannic Pinot that seems overly extracted and oaky. The vintage was very difficult due to early September heat waves, and everything depended on exquisite timing. It's very good, despite the rusticity. Drink now through 2012."	Coastlands Vineyard	87	72	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2008 Coastlands Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
US	"Fresh aromas of honeysuckle lead to a palate where honey and vanilla come together atop ripe peach. Medium bodied, the texture is unctuous before finishing lean and light."		88	25	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Terlato 2014 Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	Terlato
Spain	"This opens softly, with murky aromas of tomato and prune. It feels heavy and dense, with big tannins and mild acidity. The flavors of prune, mocha, fudge and stewed berry are rich and weighty. This is dense and ripe, a touch flat."	Vendimia Seleccionada	87	18	Northern Spain	Cigales		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Val de Los Frailes 2005 Vendimia Seleccionada Tempranillo (Cigales)	Tempranillo	Val de Los Frailes
US	"Soft, ripe and rich, this is opulent to the point of flamboyance. It explodes with blackberry and cherry jam, currant, anise and mocha flavors that are seemingly sweet on the finish. Dramatic, yes, but made for drinking now."		88	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Stephanie 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stephanie
US	"Black cherry, tart plum skin and hints of vanilla, caramel and dill show on the nose of this bottling from southeastern Paso Robles. The palate is a tad thin, with black plum, oregano and nettle flavors."		85	30	California	Paso Robles Highlands District	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	J. Wilkes 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles Highlands District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	J. Wilkes
Spain	"Leesy, creamy aromas of vanilla are simple, with a note of apple offering some crispness. The palate is regular in feel, with adequate acidity. Flavors of green apple, lettuce and herbs culminate with mild bitterness and green notes."		84	10	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Baron De Ley 2014 White (Rioja)	White Blend	Baron De Ley
Chile	"Plump but wholly generic, with semisweet aromas that are neither here nor there. The palate is round, with adequate to good mouthfeel. And the flavors of citrus are solid but kind of pithy and bitter. A full, chunky wine with virtues as well as some flaws. Drink right away for best results."	Estate Selection	84	13	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2007 Estate Selection Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Aresti
US	"This wine tastes rather light and lean. The aromas are like cherry and apple candy, and the flavors resemble not-quite-ripe red cherries and raspberries. It is dry and medium bodied."		85	20	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sketchbook 2013 Pinot Noir (Mendocino County)	Pinot Noir	Sketchbook
Italy	"Made entirely with Chardonnay, this opens with delicate aromas of mature orchard fruit and a whiff of yellow wild flower. The soft rounded palate offers ripe pear, yellow apple and a hint of juicy citrus."	Poggio alle Fate	87	15	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello d'Albola 2015 Poggio alle Fate Chardonnay (Toscana)	Chardonnay	Castello d'Albola
US	"From the cooler reaches of the Petaluma Gap, a sub-area of the larger Sonoma Coast that is awaiting its own appellation status, this Pinot was made with 25% whole-cluster berries, giving it a rough-hewn, earthy edginess that's appealing in the glass. Tightly wound cherry and cranberry complete the picture, with a taste of dried herb and black tea on the lengthy finish."	Spring Hill Vineyard	91	39	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Waxwing 2013 Spring Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Waxwing
US	"This is a serious effort, with concentrated flavors of blackberry and cherry syrup. Syrah sometimes shows a substantial coffee streak, as it does here, along with a vanilla-soaked finish, amplified by aging 18 months in two thirds new French oak."	Mae's Vineyard Flagship	91	65	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Quady North 2013 Mae's Vineyard Flagship Syrah (Applegate Valley)	Syrah	Quady North
US	"From the heart of Oakville, this is a velvety thick wine, supple in tannin and integrated oak that offers a ying-yang of rich mocha notes and herbal sage."	Symphonia	88	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Levendi 2014 Symphonia Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Levendi
US	"This is a layered and complex estate-driven wine. Its firm, sizable tannin foundation promises longevity and enviable structure, while allowing for a plush, lush exuberance of cherry clafoutis, cardamom and salted caramel. Enjoy best 2022 through 2029."	Reuling Vineyard	94	70	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Reuling Vineyard 2014 Reuling Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Reuling Vineyard
France	"This is a wine that teeters on the edge between superripeness and overripeness. At one moment its fruit comes across as slightly herbal and raspberry-like, while the next it can seem slightly raisined, with a hint of nail polish. It's round and creamy in texture, with a long finish framed in elegant, soft tannins. Drink now–2018."	Lieu-Dit Pignan	91	74	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Pierre Henri Morel 2009 Lieu-Dit Pignan Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Pierre Henri Morel
US	"It shows ripe, jammy raspberry and cherry fruit and oak, but it lacks structure. The flamboyant fruit and Napa elegance lend some appeal."	Danais	87	36	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Silenus 2010 Danais Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Silenus
Italy	"Villa Donoratico, a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (60%), Cabernet Franc and Merlot, opens with bold, ripe cherry aromas followed by spice, leather, tobacco and smooth chocolate. The wine also earns points in the mouth thanks to its intensity and firm structure."	Villa Donoratico	91	32	Tuscany	Bolgheri				Tenuta Argentiera 2008 Villa Donoratico  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Tenuta Argentiera
France	"A blend of Tannat, Pinenc and Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a ripe, earthy wine. It has rich black fruits that show concentrated tannins while also promising a smoother ride in a few years."	Les Vignes Retrouvées	86	11	Southwest France	Saint-Mont		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Producteurs Plaimont 2009 Les Vignes Retrouvées  (Saint-Mont)	Red Blend	Producteurs Plaimont
France	"The wine is crisp and shot through with acidity. That gives the black-currant fruit great intensity as well as a juicy character. The wine needs to calm down, so wait until 2018."		85	17	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Toutigeac 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Toutigeac
US	"This graceful wine, from a cool vintage, nicely expresses the more elegant side of Pinot Noir. There are ample fruit flavors of plum, cherry and blueberry, and a pleasantly musky note overlays the maturing fruit. It's rolling along smoothly into a fully integrated finish. Drink now through 2020."	Estate	90	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Carlton Hill 2011 Estate Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Carlton Hill
Italy	"Very ripe, with earthy aromas of black plum, berry liqueur and bitter chocolate. The mouthfeel is meaty and muscular, but not hard. A wall of moderate tannins builds after a few sips, but the overall feel is still soft. The finish is medium in length, with adequate depth."	Riserva - Don Alberto	88	40	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Le Miccine 1998 Riserva - Don Alberto  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Le Miccine
US	"This tastes full of dark-fruit flavors and is well structured by moderate tannins and firm acidity. The color is deep red, while aromas are bright yet ripe like black currants. On the finish a hint of spicy oak comes through. It's bold and full-bodied."		89	29	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cuda Ridge Wines 2012 Malbec (Livermore Valley)	Malbec	Cuda Ridge Wines
US	"This wine's dried flower and dark chocolate aromas emerge in the glass, with brambly berry notes in tow. A well-structured effort, it tastes of tart raspberry and cherry fruit with darker streaks of anise and espresso. The tannins, though proportionate, are a touch green."	Reserve	89	30	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Walnut City WineWorks 2014 Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Walnut City WineWorks
France	"This is dark and firm with a tough, austere character. It has weight, but the bitterness of too-much extraction gives a hard edge. The juiciness at the end doesn't compensate."		84	30	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Maison Blanche 2011  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Maison Blanche
US	"This is a Pinot Noir-based blend, and it's quite a good dry, red wine of some sophistication and elegance. Soft and approachable, its cherry fruit flavors are complexed with herbs, such as sage and thyme, and a rich earthiness."	Peloton Red Wine	90	25	California	California	California Other			Tandem 2006 Peloton Red Wine Red (California)	Red Blend	Tandem
Italy	"This lovely wine has hallmark aromas of violet, wild cherry and berry, with whiffs of pressed powder. The palate is bright and delicious, with marasca cherry, raspberry and licorice flavors."		91	24	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Setriolo 2010  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Setriolo
France	"Although not labeled as such, this is a blanc de blancs produced from two old-vine parcels of Chardonnay, one facing north, the other south. That in itself helps the balance of this dry wine. It is perfumed and crisp with a taut mineral texture that contrasts with the ripe apple and pink-grapefruit flavors. Drink now."	L'Osmose Extra Brut	94	61	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pierre Gerbais NV L'Osmose Extra Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Pierre Gerbais
France	"Fresh and juicy, this full-bodied while structured wine comes from the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers region, which gives the fruitiness and blackberry fruit flavors. It will develop quickly and can be drunk from 2016."		87	20	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Peyfaures 2010  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Peyfaures
US	"Though labeled Columbia Valley, this is in fact 100% Merlot from the estate vineyards on Red Mountain. It's chewy and tannic, as is often the case with Red Mountain reds, with black cherry and cassis fruit wrapped by astringent tannins hinting at dark chocolate. In short, a fine steak wine, that needs some fat to cut the tannins."		89	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kiona 2010 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Kiona
US	"Quite fruity and fairly rich, this medium-bodied wine has plenty of apple, lime and dried herb flavors, and a fairly crisp but smooth texture. More than just a thirst-quencher, it brings some heft to the table."		86	18	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Rock Wall 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Lake County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Rock Wall
Israel	"Inky garnet in color, this wine offers aromas of blackberry and green pepper. There is a good combination of fruit and savory flavors, notably dark plum, black cherry, smoked meat and roasted red pepper. Smooth tannins lead to a zippy pomegranate finish."	Alon	90	22	Upper Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Galil Mountain 2013 Alon Red (Upper Galilee)	Red Blend	Galil Mountain
France	"This is a fresh and full-bodied wine, with ripe yellow fruit and citrus tones—at once warm and with crisply edged. Still young, it shows a strong mineral side that will soften with time. Drink from 2018."	Authentique	89	26	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Sangouard-Guyot 2015 Authentique  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Domaine Sangouard-Guyot
Italy	"Black cherry, underbrush and tilled soil aromas lead the nose of this blend of 70% Sangiovese, 25% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Merlot. The polished yet firmly tannic palate delivers dark plum, cake spice and white pepper flavors. Enjoy through 2019."	Santa Cristina a Mezzana	89	18	Tuscany	Carmignano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Sassolo 2013 Santa Cristina a Mezzana  (Carmignano)	Red Blend	Il Sassolo
US	"A smooth, ripe Syrah, easy and soft in the mouth, with richly extracted berry, mocha, white pepper and sandalwood flavors. It's a dry, balanced wine showing some real elegance."		87	24	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Taj 2007 Syrah (Los Carneros)	Syrah	Taj
Portugal	"Pôpa was the family's nickname for grandpa. The winery, run by grandson Stéphane Ferreira, is the grandkids' tribute. This richly perfumed wine, by consultant Luis Pato, comes from a field blend of 21 grape varieties. Old vines with an average age of 82-years-old in a single parcel have given the wine huge concentration and rich swathes of tannins and black plum and damson fruit. The wine has power while also retaining plenty of elegance. It is an impressive wine, just approaching its peak and ready from 2018."	Pôpa VV Vinhas Velhas	95	45	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Pôpa 2013 Pôpa VV Vinhas Velhas Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Pôpa
US	"With a dark oak profile, this wine blends Merlot with Malbec, the two combining to offer cinnamon, clove, cedar and herb. The fruit tends more red than black, and is friendly but a touch puckering and dry."	District 3	84	17	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sonoma Collection 2013 District 3 Red (Sonoma Valley)	Red Blend	Sonoma Collection
France	"Fresh, pure notes of Conference pear peel entice the nose. The palate has a richer, rounder aspect and runs the gamut of pear notes, from fresh and green to juicy and yellow. Midpalate texture and gentle vanilla spice are added bonuses."		89	30	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Vincent Stoeffler 2015 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Vincent Stoeffler
Argentina	"Fiery stuff with aromas that suggest cheese and leather. The mouth has a forward feel and then leafy, herbal berry flavors with sides of compost and leather. Lightly herbal on the finish, and while it's big, sweet and chunky, it doesn't click to the maximum."	D.O.C. Single Vineyard	87	25	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luigi Bosca 2008 D.O.C. Single Vineyard Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Luigi Bosca
Chile	"Freshness and purity are limited in this Pinot from Chile's deep south. Murky and muddled on the nose, this is cidery and fairly weak in constitution. Dilute flavors of currant and raspberry finish with an herbal accent."	Quino Noir	83	43	Malleco			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	William Fèvre 2012 Quino Noir Pinot Noir (Malleco)	Pinot Noir	William Fèvre
Italy	"Nebbiolo, the grape, and Nubiola, the designate name, stem from the same Italian word: nebbia, or “fog” that regularly blankets the Langhe. This bright Barbaresco is defined by a distinctive aroma of tar or freshly applied street asphalt that is typical of the variety. Additional aromas include back fruit, prune and plum. The mouthfeel is streamlined, tight and elegant."	Nubiola	92	38	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Pelissero 2007 Nubiola  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Pelissero
France	"With the high alcohol typical of 2010 vintage, this is a ripe, jammy and full wine. Black plums ooze richness against a background of firm tannins and acidity that will allow the wine to age. It is dense, concentrated and powerful, needing some time. Drink from 2018."		91	39	Bordeaux	Puisseguin Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Beauséjour 2010  Puisseguin Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Beauséjour
Australia	"Pretty good Merlot, with varietally correct scents of black cherries and mocha leading into flavors of blue and black fruits. It's medium in body, with ample fruit and hints of chocolate and coffee on the finish."	The Ratbag	87	20	South Australia	McLaren Vale		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Hugh Hamilton 2008 The Ratbag Merlot (McLaren Vale)	Merlot	Hugh Hamilton
US	"Made from fruit grown at a high elevation and in volcanic soil, this is a leathery, full-bodied tannic Syrah. A taste of roasted coffee marks the finish."	Crimson Hill Vineyard Estate	85	20	California	Red Hills Lake County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gregory Graham 2008 Crimson Hill Vineyard Estate Syrah (Red Hills Lake County)	Syrah	Gregory Graham
US	"There's a soft voluptuousness to this Syrah that makes it instantly drinkable. It's intense in blackberry, cassis, mocha and grilled prosciutto notes, with lots of new French-oak influence adding toast, vanilla and caramel flavors. As sweet as it tastes, it finishes dry, long and spicy."	Eight Barrel Estate Grown and Bottled	92	40	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Zaca Mesa 2009 Eight Barrel Estate Grown and Bottled Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Zaca Mesa
Austria	"A beautiful combination of ripe, tropical fruits with flint, honey and smoke. There is a great steely backbone here, offering a linear character as well as elegant, ageworthy fruit."	Ried Pfaffenberg Steiner	93	35	Kremstal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Emmerich Knoll 2008 Ried Pfaffenberg Steiner Riesling (Kremstal)	Riesling	Emmerich Knoll
Italy	This inviting blend of Barbera and Bonarda from Lombardy offers aromas of black fruit and spice with an earthy note. The palate delivers black cherry and peppery flavors along with soft tannins. Pair this with smoked meats or seasoned cheeses.	Riserva Romeo	88	37	Central Italy	Gutturnio Colli Piacentini		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Luzzano 2010 Riserva Romeo  (Gutturnio Colli Piacentini)	Red Blend	Castello di Luzzano
US	"Trading opulence for elegance, this Chardonnay tastes dry and streamlined, with tart acidity. It's spicy, fresh and lithe, and it offers subtle citrus and flower notes.This should develop creamy, nutty tones over the next six years."	Los Alamos Vineyard	88	34	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			La Fenêtre 2010 Los Alamos Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	La Fenêtre
Spain	"Cloudy in color, with tart rhubarb aromas. The palate shows some acidity and tang, with pink grapefruit flavors offering a shrill kick. But overall the wine has seen better days and has become limited in scope at this point."	Rosé	84	11	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Condesa de Leganza 2006 Rosé Tempranillo (La Mancha)	Tempranillo	Condesa de Leganza
Italy	"New leather, menthol, ripe berry and Asian spice aromas emerge in the glass while the firm palate offers dried black cherry, pomegranate, star anise and a hint of game. You'll also notice a green note of powdered sage. Assertive, close-grained tannins squeeze the finish."	Lenzi Riserva	87	37	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Petroio 2011 Lenzi Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Fattoria di Petroio
Spain	"Bready aromas of baked apple, lees and vanilla convey quality. This feels solid and healthy, with length and depth to the palate. Apple, papaya and honeydew flavors are ripe and smooth, while the finish shows honey and green-herb notes."	Brut Gran Reserva	90	50	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps 2009 Brut Gran Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Juvé y Camps
US	"A light-bodied take on the variety, this wine imparts shocks of sage, lavender and mint aromas over a landscape of black and white pepper and dried herb flavors."	Sonoma Coast Cuvée	91	28	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Baker Lane 2013 Sonoma Coast Cuvée Syrah (Sonoma Coast)	Syrah	Baker Lane
US	"There's not much that makes this stand out as a Pinot, except for an unusual sour note atop otherwise blandness and lack of structure."		82	28	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cambridge California 2013 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cambridge California
US	"This is lively and tart, suggesting citrus rind, grapefruit and juniper berries. There's a snap to the acidity and some bitterness in the finishing flavors."		87	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Van Duzer 2016 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Van Duzer
France	"The nose gives little away but the palate shows plump, rounded, ripe pear, edged with pleasantly phenolic bitterness. The balance is beautifully held. At the basis, something clean and poised leads beautifully to the dry finish."	Tradition	90	22	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Sipp Mack 2013 Tradition Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Sipp Mack
US	"Succulent scents and flavors of cherry liqueur, laced with marzipan and a whiff of earthy funk define this new single-vineyard selection. Tannins are thick and offer suggestions of tanned leather."	Bonnie Jean Vineyard	92	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2012 Bonnie Jean Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
US	"In 2008, Januik made a single-vineyard Syrah from Lewis Vineyard fruit; now the winery has sourced fruit from Ciel du Cheval Vineyard, one of the superstar spots on Red Mountain. A compact wine that snaps right into focus, this offers varietal flavors of fig, berry and plum. A streak of smooth chocolate weaves through the finish, along with a hint of red licorice and underlying slate-like minerality."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	92	35	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Januik 2009 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	Januik
Italy	"This luminous red offers aromas of wild red berry, dark spice, menthol and a whiff of espresso. The ripe, rather straightforward palate offers raspberry, tart cherry, licorice, toast, mocha and tobacco alongside polished tannins. Drink 2017–2022."		89	55	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ceretto 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Ceretto
US	"The winery offers this bottling as a counterpart to their dry Riesling, but there's not much separation between the two. Its 10 g/L of residual sugar is certainly above threshhold, but with the searingly tart acidity underneath, it barely makes a dent. Citrus and apple flavors come through, but the sour lemon acidity is what dominates."	Perrydale Hills Vineyard Off-Dry	87	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Samuel Robert 2016 Perrydale Hills Vineyard Off-Dry Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Samuel Robert
US	"If you've ever had a Momtazi wine, you know that there is a strong earthy aspect to the flavors that sets the vineyard apart from most others. In the scents and tastes here you'll find composted earth, chalk, dried leaves and black tea ahead of black cherry fruit, but those funk-soaked flavors add up to a complex and intriguing wine."	Momtazi Vineyard	90	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Portlandia 2014 Momtazi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Portlandia
Spain	"Saline and nettle aromas are a lot like underripe Sauvignon Blanc. This is a sour, cutting wine with flavors of lime, grapefruit and underripe passion fruit. The finish is overly acidic and citric."	El Cerezo Unoaked	81	13	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castillo de Monjardin 2013 El Cerezo Unoaked Chardonnay (Navarra)	Chardonnay	Castillo de Monjardin
US	"There's a slightly aged and distinctive nose of sour cranberry and anise on this wine from the family who's owned San Antonio Winery in Los Angeles since 1917. The cooker fruit sense continues to the palate, where lingering root vegetable flavors and mocha mix with Eastern European spices."	Estate Reserve	87	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	San Simeon 2010 Estate Reserve Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	San Simeon
France	"The wine is soft and rounded. With creamed apple and pear flavors over touches of wood, it is a toasty wine in a generous style that has made Meursault popular for many years. Fruity and ripe, the wine will be ready to drink from 2018."	Vieilles Vignes	90	63	Burgundy	Meursault		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roche de Bellene 2014 Vieilles Vignes  (Meursault)	Chardonnay	Roche de Bellene
Austria	An appetizing touch of red currant and cranberry plays on the nose of this vividly colored rosé. The palate is fruit-forward with subtle shades of berry and citrus. The finish is refreshing and berry-laden.	Zweigelt	90	18	Weinland Österreich			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Markus Huber 2016 Zweigelt Rosé (Weinland Österreich)	Rosé	Markus Huber
US	"This is a light wine—light   in fruit, acid and tannins, and light in body. That doesn't mean it doesn't offer a lot of pleasure. It does. It has complex herbal, berry and spice flavors, and it's nicely dry, with a certain richness. It's a great wine for early drinking."		89	25	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Byron 1998 Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Byron
US	"This 15th edition of this nonvintage blend, sourced entirely from estate grapes (principally Tempranillo), is a sure-fire palate pleaser. Fresh and youthful, it's bursting with plush boysenberries, loganberries and blackberries, annotated with a streak of coffee and cacao."	Vintner's Blend #15	89	18	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abacela NV Vintner's Blend #15 Red (Umpqua Valley)	Red Blend	Abacela
Germany	"Touches of caramel and apple cider offset intense lemon acidity in this medium-dry spätlese. It's refreshingly juicy, with a reverberating citrus-rind finish."	Ürziger Goldwingert Spätlese	87	30	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Peter Nicolay 2013 Ürziger Goldwingert Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Peter Nicolay
US	"Lavish violet perfume introduces this demure yet luminous Pinot Noir. Crisp black cherry and berry flavors are full of tartness and vibe, yet edged by soft tones of toast and earth, along with a fine frame of tannins. The finish meanders beautifully. It's ready to drink now but should continue to drink well until at least 2023."		91	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Thirsty Owl Wine Company 2015 Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Thirsty Owl Wine Company
Argentina	"Inky aromas of black fruits include hints of graphite. This feels lush and dense, with fairly soft tannins. Blackberry, beef jerky and leathery notes comprise the flavor profile. Notes of coffee and chocolate grace a ripe, rich finish. Drink through 2021."		92	99	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cheval des Andes 2013 Red (Mendoza)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cheval des Andes
France	There is a ripe and smoky character to this wine aged 12 months in French oak. A rich background of plums and berry fruits steadies the tannins. The wine is balanced and will be ready to drink from 2017. The Gonfrier brothers' 94 acres are certified “Haute Valeur Environmentale” (High Environmental Value).		87	18	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Marsan 2013  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Marsan
Italy	"Oak, herb, fennel, hay and wild berry aromas lead the nose. The firm palate offers Morello cherry, oak, cinnamon, clove, Mediterranean herb and a confectionary note alongside tightly knit and austere tannins that need to unwind. Drink 2018–2030."		90	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Polo 2010  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	San Polo
US	"Herbal and juicy, this is a straightforward, larger-production wine with a grip of tannins supporting waves of coconut and red and black berry. It's well priced for the quality and is a good choice for everyday enjoyment."		85	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Louis M. Martini 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Louis M. Martini
Italy	"Aromas suggesting underbrush, sweat, tobacco and toast reluctantly come together in the glass. The brooding palate is more appealing, delivering ripe cherry, black raspberry, grilled sage and a hint of vanilla alongside tart acidity and ripe, assertive tannins."		90	49	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rizieri 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Rizieri
France	"This is a blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Muscat, not often found although working well here. The perfumed Muscat nicely softens the herbal Sauvignon to give a wine that is almost honeyed, certainly attractive as an apéritif."	Gabriel Sauvignon Blanc-Muscat	85	10	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Gabriel Meffre 2015 Gabriel Sauvignon Blanc-Muscat White (Vin de France)	White Blend	Gabriel Meffre
US	"From several of the producer's estate vineyards, this wine traffics in spicy, leathery texture and robust full-bodied power, layering in more tart savory characteristics of rhubarb, dark cherry and orange. The tannins are firm and supportive, taking on a velvety sheen."	Estate	87	39	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Domaine Carneros 2014 Estate Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Carneros
France	"From vineyards close to Saint-Estèphe, this wine has something of the dark tannins and dry character when young. Ripe fruit under the chocolate, coffee and new-wood flavors shows the potential for aging. Drink from 2018."		90	18	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Pontoise Cabarrus 2012  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Pontoise Cabarrus
US	"This is arguably one of the best Paso Robles Syrahs ever. Yes, the alcohol is high, giving the wine some warmth, but it's delicious and complex. It's entirely dry, with blackberry, black pepper, bacon, cola and sandalwood flavors. Ready to drink now, this will pair well with a great steak."	Terra Bella Vineyard	91	36	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Andrew Murray 2009 Terra Bella Vineyard Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Andrew Murray
France	"Notes of grass, lime leaf and garrigue herbs lead the bouquet of this attractive wine, supported by fruity tones of white melon, green plum and citrus peel. The medium-weight mouthfeel is countered by ample acidity and pithy flavors that finish slightly astringent. Drink now."		86	12	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Mas Belles Eaux 2015 Chardonnay (Pays d'Oc)	Chardonnay	Mas Belles Eaux
US	"Rich sugar-apple and pear tart provide warmth and decadence to this wine. Despite its voluptuous nature, the wine is also layered and complex in intriguingly satisfying ways. A touch of ripe peach and salty pretzel figure into the mix quietly, yet harmoniously."	La Brisa	93	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Walt 2014 La Brisa Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Walt
Australia	"A full, rich, woody style that emphasizes toast, vanilla and butter. Imagine sliced peaches doused in melted butter and sprinkled with cinnamon-sugar. Finishes thick and oily."		88	21	Western Australia	Western Australia				Sandalford 2001 Chardonnay (Western Australia)	Chardonnay	Sandalford
US	"Raspberry liqueur and orange-cranberry flavors combine effortlessly in this beautifully made, refined wine. It's bright in acidity while offering a dense body and youthful oak tones. Black tea, cola, plum and streaks of freshly tilled earth make it memorable on the palate, accented by rose petals and cranberry."	Toboni Vineyard	92	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gary Farrell 2014 Toboni Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Gary Farrell
Spain	"Apple and powdery citrus aromas are austere but intriguing. But in the mouth, this thing foams like bubble bath. No matter whether you like the wine's citric flavors and apple essence or not, the fact that it bubbles up like a shaken soda is not an attribute. Oriel's gran reserva is similar in terms of carbonation issues."	Brut	82	18	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Oriol Rossell NV Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Oriol Rossell
US	"Ian Brand's fun and wallet-friendly blend of 53% Grenache, 28% Syrah and 19% Mourvèdre offers an interesting nose of charred beef, anise, beets, red rose petals, hints of purple fruit and a judicious touch of asphalt. The dark flavors of black licorice, black pepper, pencil lead and dried violets surround a boysenberry core, but remain light on the palate."	Le P'tit Pape	91	22	California	San Benito County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	L'Ptit Paysan 2012 Le P'tit Pape Red (San Benito County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	L'Ptit Paysan
Spain	"This dark, exotic blend of Carignan, Grenache and Syrah is impressive given that 2008 wasn't a good year in Spain. This shows integrated oak, graphite and inky aromas in front of a full, balanced palate that's home to berry flavors, schisty minerality and mocha accents. A generous finish with plum and berry flavors as well as licorice is the right ending. Drink through 2018."	Santbru Carinyenes Velles	92	42	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Portal del Montsant 2008 Santbru Carinyenes Velles Red (Montsant)	Red Blend	Portal del Montsant
US	"This is a floral, zesty and vibrant white wine, given six months in French oak, half of it new. With a complex hit of briny salt and citrus, it flirts between layers of savory and sweet, finding just the right balance of structure and acidity."		91	18	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Waterstone 2013 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Waterstone
US	"Multiple vineyards contribute to this standout blend. It feels open and accessible, yet carries the structure to age gracefully. You'll find interesting threads of freshly picked herb, lemon oil, pimiento and olive supporting citrus and fresh apple fruit."	Récolte Grand Cru	93	125	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Serene 2014 Récolte Grand Cru Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Domaine Serene
US	"This barrel-fermented Sauvignon Blanc is from Klipsun vineyard. There is a clean and lightly grassy nose, with added highlights of citrus, lime rind, lemon drop, honeysuckle and light toast."	Angel	89	20	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Guardian 2008 Angel Sauvignon Blanc (Red Mountain)	Sauvignon Blanc	Guardian
Spain	"Aromas of waffles and corn flakes suggest maturity and complexity. This feels open and wide, with depth to the palate. Direct flavors of lime and tangerine finish more citric and minerally than the nose, with a lasting sense of freshness."	Brut Exclusive Gran Reserva	88	18	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Gelida 2010 Brut Exclusive Gran Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Marqués de Gelida
US	"A seductive nose draws one in with tar, soy sauce, densely packed violets and blackberries on this bottling by Terry Culton. Tart and woody squashed elderberries pop on the palate, which is quite dense and also offers soy and dark-chocolate flavors."		91	35	California	Paso Robles Willow Creek District	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Culton 2013 Syrah (Paso Robles Willow Creek District)	Syrah	Culton
Spain	"Stalky, gritty, low-fruit aromas suggest a used grill. This is more heavy than upright, with a mouthfeel that collapses on itself. Savory, herbal and brambly tasting, this finishes rough, with herbal berry notes and a hint of chocolate."	Teófilo Reyes	87	30	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Reyes 2011 Teófilo Reyes  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Reyes
Italy	"This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon from near Montalcino shows plenty of youthful character. It has deep earth, tobacco and tar notes on a black-fruit nose, expansive cassis and blackberry flavors, and a tight, structured mouthfeel that should relax if given the three or so years it deserves. Very New World in style."	Tavernelle	89	41	Tuscany	Sant'Antimo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castello Banfi 1998 Tavernelle Cabernet Sauvignon (Sant'Antimo)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castello Banfi
US	"This bottling is an ode to Bill Foley's Texas roots. It shows dried strawberry, rich olallieberry, baked cherry, black-cardamom cream and plum cookies on the deliciously spiced, fruit-forward nose. The palate is refreshing and fresh, with black raspberry and black-pepper flavors."	T Anchor Ranch	88	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foley 2013 T Anchor Ranch Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Foley
US	"This budget wine has sweet fruit and soft tannins, along with surprising concentration and length. Offsetting a hint of stemminess are generous, varietally true flavors, and a rich, meaty nose that suggests beef and coffee. Best Buy. —P.G."	Grand Estates	87	11	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 1999 Grand Estates Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Columbia Crest
US	"Much in the style of Leonetti Cabernet, with the richness of Napa Valley fruit, this deeply satisfying, superripe wine is 100% varietal. Notes of cassis, fig and a hint of prune are swathed in deeper flavors of espresso and dark chocolate."	Champoux & Loess Vineyards Reserve	95	100	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Boudreaux Cellars 2007 Champoux & Loess Vineyards Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Washington)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Boudreaux Cellars
Australia	"This is a nice Bordeaux-style blend with pretty cherry and currant fruit and some cedar shadings, but lack the complexity of others in its style. It's straight forward, polite and restrained."	Quintet	89	125	Victoria	Yarra Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Mount Mary 2010 Quintet Red (Yarra Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Mount Mary
Argentina	"Giant and black, with extracted but pruney aromas that are sweet and raisiny. The palate is chunky, with raisin, fig and black plum flavors. Sweet but falls flat on the finish; has its good qualities but frankly it's an overripe wine."	Oro	86	45	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gauchezco 2008 Oro Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Gauchezco
Italy	"Black cherry, mint and white pepper aromas jump out of the glass along with a whiff of balsamic herbs. The intense palate boasts mouthwatering red cherry and strawberry flavors restrained by black pepper, cinnamon, clove, orange zest and a hint of eucalyptus. It's already gorgeous but it will develop even more complexity. Drink 2020–2030."	Tre Ciabot	94	48	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Ballarin 2010 Tre Ciabot  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Ballarin
France	"This is one of the coolest premier crus, meaning that the wine can often age well. In the warm 2015 vintage, the wine shows both beautifully ripe fruit and a tight mineral streak that will keep it on the straight and narrow. It does need to age and the wine will be best from 2018."	Côte de Lechet Premier Cru	92	30	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Chenevières 2015 Côte de Lechet Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Chenevières
Spain	"This smells a lot like mustard, with short, bitter flavors of red apple skins. Sweet touches of caramel and cocoa can be found on the finish."	Rosat	83	19	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Garbó 2014 Rosat Rosé (Montsant)	Rosé	Garbó
Argentina	"Dark in color, this chunky, ripe Malbec opens with blackberry, earth and rubber aromas. That bold, full quality carries onto the palate, which is staunch and bullish, with pepper and berry flavors that finish dry, yet weighty and lush."	Portillo Estate Bottled	88	11	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salentein 2013 Portillo Estate Bottled Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Salentein
France	"While there is a somewhat meaty edge to this wine, it also has good rich texture. It probably needs time to bring out the full potential of its ripe yellow fruits."	En Carementrant	88	48	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bret Brothers 2008 En Carementrant  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Bret Brothers
US	"Red cherries, sagebrush and dried violets show on the nose of this clonal selection. The medium-bodied palate offers even-keeled flavors of red cherry, cranberry and cracked pepper, providing lots of flavorful action on a relatively light frame."	Pommard Clone	91	35	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bargetto 2015 Pommard Clone Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Bargetto
US	"This does a good job of balancing lively pear and apple flavors with dashes of toast and butter. It's medium to full-bodied, dry and has enough crispness to help the flavors linger."		86	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Leaping Horse 2013 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Leaping Horse
France	"The wine has all the right crispness and steeliness of a Blanc de Blancs Chardonnay. It also has warmth, yellow fruits along with a touch of apple. That makes a wine that is full-bodied while not missing out on a tight, very fresh aftertaste."	Blanc de Blancs Brut	90	50	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Tendil & Lombardi NV Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Tendil & Lombardi
France	"A firm, dry wine with good fruit, featuring touches of blackberry along with a solid tannic core. It's a wine for the medium-term, say 2–4 years."		84	9	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de la Bouyère 2011  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de la Bouyère
Chile	"Alluring aromas of cigar box, cedar shavings, olive and berry fruits are magnetic with this Carmenère-led blend. In its youth, it is pushy and vibrant in the mouth. Flavors of tobacco, chocolate and leafy, lightly herbal berry fruits finish smooth, long and with just enough acidic cut. Drink through 2022."	Clos Apalta	93	93	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lapostolle 2010 Clos Apalta Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Lapostolle
South Africa	"There's a lush, decadent edge to this wine, thanks to heady aromas of vanilla cream, chocolate-covered raspberry and boysenberry preserves. The palate shows more restraint, with textured, fruit-skin flavors of plum and cherry that finish slightly chewy. Enjoy this now."	The Ambassador	88	25	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Beau Joubert 2009 The Ambassador Red (Stellenbosch)	Red Blend	Beau Joubert
Spain	"This label has turned a corner from its early days; the 2005 is a very nice wine with smooth, ripe berry aromas backed by black cherry, smoked meat, coffee and other savory, dark flavors. Structured and well put together, with medium-depth flavors and good balance."	Roble	89	17	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca El Encinal 2005 Roble  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Finca El Encinal
France	"Soft, ripe and fruity, this spicy wine has attractive acidity. It offers a light texture, pepper and a bite of orange zest at the end."	Juliette	84	13	France Other	Mediterranée		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Sanglière 2014 Juliette Rosé (Mediterranée)	Rosé	Domaine de la Sanglière
Italy	"Firmly structured, this opens with aromas of white truffle, forest floor, baking spice and red berry aromas accented with a whiff of sage and rosemary. On the palate, notes of white pepper, grilled herbs and tobacco accent the black cherry core while a backbone of assertive but refined tannins provide the framework."	Rocche di Castelletto	93	65	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Chicco 2011 Rocche di Castelletto  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Chicco
US	A very minty old vine Zin from organically farmed grapes that tastes of not-quite-ripe strawberry jam and is otherwise smooth and peppery.	Old Vine	84	24	California	Mendocino		Virginie Boone	@vboone	McFadden 2009 Old Vine Zinfandel (Mendocino)	Zinfandel	McFadden
US	"This wine is rich and ripe, oozing with black cherry, boysenberry and strawberry jam aromas and flavors. It feels full and rather soft on the palate, as the acidity and tannins appear very mild."		90	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Freeman 2012 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Freeman
US	"Aromas of cranberries, raspberries and herbs lead to broad rich flavors. The tannins bring a little astringency but it offers enjoyment."		86	11	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Castle Rock 2013 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Castle Rock
US	"Seductive aromas of raspberries, sandalwood, graphite and a pinch of allspice entertain the nose on this wine. The spiced wood character carries to the palate, where dried strawberries and pomegranate add riper fruit elements."	Reserve	89	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	MacMurray Estate Vineyards 2013 Reserve Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	MacMurray Estate Vineyards
Italy	"Aromas of toast and licorice lead the nose along with a hint of roasted coffee bean. The palate offers anise, bitter dark chocolate and dried sour cherry while bracing tannins grip the finish."	Bricco San Pietro	87	55	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Broccardo 2012 Bricco San Pietro  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Broccardo
South Africa	"A blend of 86% Chardonnay and 14% Pinot Noir, this is a subtle and delicate méthode cap classique. Notes of pear flesh, red apple and orange rind unfold on the nose and mouth. The palate is fresh and lively, thanks to medium acidity and brisk carbonation, while a hint of toast graces the finish."	Christina Van Loveren Méthode Cap Classique Limited Release	87	19	Robertson			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Van Loveren NV Christina Van Loveren Méthode Cap Classique Limited Release Sparkling (Robertson)	Sparkling Blend	Van Loveren
Italy	"This is a dark and muscular expression of Syrah executed in a quasi-Australian style, with loads of concentration and spice, backed by smoked bacon, Teriyaki, candied berry and Indian spice."	Sallier de la Tour La Monaca	90	30	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Tasca d'Almerita 2009 Sallier de la Tour La Monaca Syrah (Sicilia)	Syrah	Tasca d'Almerita
Germany	"Everything is bigger and bolder in this producer's stable of 2015 Rieslings, and this densely structured beerenauslese is no exception. Its luscious stone fruit flavors and spicy, exotic perfume are undeniably attractive. But it's a softer, plusher style of dessert Riesling atypical of Germany, accentuated by a warm kiss of alcohol on the finish. Drink now through 2022."	Hochheimer Domdechaney Beerenauslese	92	210	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Domdechant Werner 2015 Hochheimer Domdechaney Beerenauslese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Domdechant Werner
Spain	"Apple skin and red-plum aromas are herb-infused and suggest tomato sauce and carrot juice. A full, almost sticky feeling palate deals plum, cherry and tomato flavors along with notes of oregano and tarragon. A finish with red-licorice flavors and tomato notes is the final salvo on this blend of 70% Pinot Noir and 30% Chardonnay."	Anna de Codorniu Rosé	84	15	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Codorníu NV Anna de Codorniu Rosé Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Codorníu
France	"Made from the oldest vines on the estate, this ripe and fruity wine is ready to drink. Its tannins are already integrated, leaving a smooth-textured wine that is accompanied by spice and red plum fruit flavors."	O Grand R	89	13	Southwest France	Fronton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Roumagnac 2012 O Grand R Red (Fronton)	Red Blend	Domaine Roumagnac
US	"Named for the senior partner in the Rex Hill wine group, this single cuvée is always interesting, and never better than in 2014. The lush aromas of new French oak recall young Burgundy, and the tart, tightly wound fruit is clearly built to age. Compact and complex, the balance of ripe berries, crisp acids, sweet toast and polished tannins is spot on."		93	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	William Hatcher 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	William Hatcher
Italy	"Classic Sangiovese aromas of wild berry, just-turned soil, leather and a hint of underbrush unfold in the glass. The bright, juicy palate offers layers of rich wild cherry, black raspberry, cinnamon and pipe tobacco framed in firm, velvety tannins. A licorice note closes the finish. Drink 2020–2030."	Riserva	93	100	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Crocedimezzo 2010 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Crocedimezzo
Spain	"Leafy gritty earthy berry aromas are spicy. This feels rugged but fresh, with a tolerable but strong tannic grip. Plum, boysenberry, chocolate, blackened toast and peppercorn flavors finish leafy, with firm tannins."		90	30	Northern Spain	Somontano		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Enate 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Somontano)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Enate
US	"Light and a little cloudy in the glass, this is a delicious and deep wine from a vineyard in the eastern Salinas Valley, with lime blossoms, squeezed lemons, wet cement and salted white peach on the nose. The palate deftly pairs chalk, sour cream, and lime zest with dried white peach, sea salt and fresh churned butter."	Coastview Vineyard	94	44	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Big Basin 2013 Coastview Vineyard Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Big Basin
US	"Fermented 75% whole-cluster and then aged in neutral oak, this wine offers complex, expressive aromas of green olive, fresh herbs, grilled asparagus, earth and peat. The palate brings waves of intensity, with sensuous, layered savory flavors that lead to a hyperextended finish. It's an exclamation point of a wine that shows the promise of this young winery and vineyard."	Stoney Vine Vineyard	94	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ardor 2012 Stoney Vine Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Ardor
Italy	"This vibrant Chianti Classico has ripe strawberry and raspberry aromas with hints of violet. The palate shows delicious red cherry layered with white pepper and a hint of chocolate, all in a fresh and supple style."		92	24	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Verrazzano 2010  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Castello di Verrazzano
US	"Not yet fully open, this blend of Les Collines and Seven Hills vineyard fruit has high-toned aromas of violets, sage, toffee and black plums. The feel is supple, showing depth and detail to the dark fruit flavors along with exceptional length. It's all about subtlety and elegance."	Principia Reserve	93	85	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Rasa 2012 Principia Reserve Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Rasa
US	Winemaker Ed Kurtzman manages to bring restraint to this often very ripe region. This bottling shows subtle white-flower buds and the slightest hints of coconut cream on the nose. Delicate flavors of honeysuckle and Key lime are subtle and will intensify with time.	Peterson Vineyard	90	40	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	August West 2015 Peterson Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	August West
US	"From a longtime value producer, an immensely rich wine with significantly ripe, big fruit. Has layers of flavors ranging from blackberries and plums to chocolate, and is very dry. But the tannins are great, plush and thick and easy. Might benefit from a year or so in the bottle."		89	18	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Château Souverain 2000 Merlot (Alexander Valley)	Merlot	Château Souverain
Portugal	"The Reserva version of Mural makes a powerful statement. Dark in color and packed with concentrated fruit, it is full of tannins as well as brooding black-plum flavors. Spice and juicy acidity complete the ensemble. It's a solid wine that needs to age to soften the tannic structure. Drink from 2017."	Mural Reserva	91	12	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Portal 2011 Mural Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Portal
US	"The less expensive of the winery's two Pinot Gris, this is in some respects the better wine. Excellent focus pulls crisp flavors of pear, lemon curd and flinty mineral into sharp resolution, and appealing minerality gives the acidity a resonant texture. It all resolves in a lovely, creamy finish."	Daisy	92	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Antiquum Farm 2014 Daisy Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Antiquum Farm
Spain	"This unusual white from the southeast corner of Spain smells cidery, with stone-fruit notes and a hint of mustard seed. The palate is juicy but doesn't offer shape or structure. Flavors of peach, mango and celery finish mild, with modest acidity."	Luzón Blanco	85	10	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Luzón 2013 Luzón Blanco White (Jumilla)	White Blend	Bodegas Luzón
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot make up nearly equal parts of this blend, with the balance Cabernet Franc (9%). Coming from a who's who of vineyards that includes Bacchus, Red Willow, Klipsun and Boushey, it offers nuanced, supremely well balanced aromas of spice, dried herb, raspberry and blackberry. The palate delivers on all of this promise with succulent yet still reserved red and black fruit flavors that show purity, focus and impeccable balance that kicks it up a notch."	Gravura	92	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Avennia 2013 Gravura Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Avennia
Italy	"This opens with aromas of forest floor, mature dark-skinned fruit and leather. The hearty palate offers raisin, dried black currant, clove and tobacco alongside tightly wound tannins that leave a firm finish."		89	49	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Santi 2011  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	Santi
Chile	"Murky and pickled on the nose, with dull fruit aromas. The palate is sheer and grating in feel, with snappy acidity, lean fruit and herbal flavors of tart raspberry. Scratchy and drying on the finish."	Reserva	82	13	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terra Andina 2009 Reserva Pinot Noir (Central Valley)	Pinot Noir	Terra Andina
Germany	"Part of a single-vineyard library release, this affordable 21-year-old auslese offers a unique chance to taste through Riesling's longevity. Perceivable sweetness, along with fruit, has receded substantially, leaving an intensely mineral, almost saline wine in its place. Fresh lemony acidity persists, however, suggesting a glimmer of tart peach and apple flavors on the finish."	Kaseler Dominikanerberg Auslese	90	26	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		C. von Nell-Breuning 1994 Kaseler Dominikanerberg Auslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	C. von Nell-Breuning
France	"Burnt toast aromas show the youth of this wine. Their tannins dominate, giving a bitter chocolate and coffee character. The fruit is still lost here and needs 3–4 years to come out. An impressive wine for the future."	Les Acacias	90	40	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mas del Périé 2008 Les Acacias Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Mas del Périé
France	"This full, ripe wine is rich with strawberry and red plum fruit. It's weighty on the palate with flavors of orange zest and a touch of spice. Brisk acidity cuts through the palate adding freshness on the finish."	Les Muraires Douce Vie	87	12	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bernard Magrez 2012 Les Muraires Douce Vie Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Bernard Magrez
France	"An attractively fragrant rosé, this is very crisp and clean. It has lively raspberry and red currant flavors that are lightly touched by a herb note. A bright finish completes this refreshing wine."		86	14	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chateau le Grand Verdus 2011 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Chateau le Grand Verdus
US	"This is an oaky, seemingly sweet, blackberry- and strawberry-tinged blend of 65% Zinfandel, 30% Sangiovese and 5% Syrah. With an earthy note of sage running through, this is a food friendly wine that'll require a hearty meal to tame it down."	Mistero	85	22	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Naggiar 2010 Mistero Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Naggiar
Spain	"Creamy and confected on the nose, which is proof of the “roble” designation. The palate is rather narrow and acidic, with semi-sour flavors of berry and cherry. Cleansing and tart; decent but doesn't go beyond that."	Roble	83	15	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pago del Vostal 2008 Roble  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Pago del Vostal
US	"Rich and ripe in tropical fruit, apricot and peach flavors, this oaky Chardonnay is brightened by crisp acidity. The oakiness returns in the finish, which suggests buttered toast. Drink now."	Sierra Madre Vineyard	90	41	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Testarossa 2011 Sierra Madre Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
Italy	"La Segreta is intentionally engineered to be one of those easy Italian whites that washes down fried calamari and spaghetti con vongole. Aromas include citrus, pear, white almond and honey."	La Segreta	87	15	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Planeta 2010 La Segreta White (Sicilia)	White Blend	Planeta
US	Though only aged in 30% new oak—half French and half Hungarian—the wood is far out front here with notes of vanilla and butterscotch overtaking the cherry. It's light in style with vanilla flavors throughout.	Pheasant Vineyard	85	20	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Kyra 2010 Pheasant Vineyard Sangiovese (Wahluke Slope)	Sangiovese	Kyra
US	"A spicy aroma of ginger cookies meets dark, blackberry flavors on the palate of this medium-bodied, pure-tasting wine. The gushing fruit flavors are compelling and palate-cleansing, with light tannins and acidity keep it fresh and lively."	Dunnigan Hills	88	15	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Matchbook 2013 Dunnigan Hills Cabernet Sauvignon (Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Matchbook
Italy	Sour cherry and raspberry aromas lead the way in this red blend made from organically farmed grapes. The ripe fruit carries over to the palate alongside angular tannins. It's rather one-dimensional but will pair well with hearty pasta dishes and mild cheeses.		87	18	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Selva 2011  Morellino di Scansano	Red Blend	La Selva
US	"Blended with 11% Sémillon, this wine brings lightly styled aromas of citrus, herb and spice, along with barrel spice and whiffs of tropical fruit. Kiwi and citrus flavors fill out the palate, which shows a sense of sophistication."		89	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Matthews 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Matthews
US	"Too much acidity in this dry wine, making it almost sour. Yet it has an enormous core of red and black cherry fruit, with a tasteful application of smoky oak, and a lovely, silky texture. Seems too unbalanced to age, so drink up."	Regan Vineyards Reserve	84	40	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Bargetto 2008 Regan Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Bargetto
Italy	"Aromas recall pressed rose petal, tilled earth and a whiff of sage. The soft palate doles out raspberry jam, licorice and white pepper alongside polished tannins. There isn't much complexity but it's fresh and already enjoyable. Drink through 2019."		88	38	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	CarlindePaolo 2012  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	CarlindePaolo
US	"This shows real Chardonnay character, with a creamy texture housing flavors of Meyer lemon tart, vanilla and buttered toast, brightened with lively acidity. It's great to see veteran Bouchaine performing at such a high level."	Estate Vineyard	91	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Bouchaine 2010 Estate Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Bouchaine
US	"The chilly vintage has yielded lean flavors of grapefruits and limes, but sur lie aging lends notes of cream, while oak brings a subtle touch of buttered toast. The result is elegant and complex."		89	40	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Spring Mountain Vineyard 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Spring Mountain District)	Sauvignon Blanc	Spring Mountain Vineyard
Portugal	"A light wine with attractive berry flavors, this has a touch of caramel to go with its fruitiness and crisp acidity. Drink now."		84	18	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dona Maria-Júlio Bastos 2015 Rosé (Alentejano)	Rosé	Dona Maria-Júlio Bastos
Italy	"The 2005 vintage was a hot one, and this offers aromas of ripe fruit and savory spice, and the intensity is not overdone by any means. In fact, it shows elegance and restraint, with a thick, succulent quality to the firm tannins."	Riserva	92	49	Piedmont	Barolo				Beni di Batasiolo 2005 Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Beni di Batasiolo
US	"This hedonistic wine has aromas of embers, dark coffee, earth, cranberry and blackberry. It coats the palate with supple, concentrated dark fruit flavors showing some heft and grip to the tannins."		91	50	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Sequel 2012 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Sequel
Chile	"A heavy oak character controls the nose, and with it comes aromas of sawdust, vanilla, cocoa and raspberry. This feels a bit sticky and creamy, while palpable oak returns on the palate and creates vanilla, pepper and chocolate flavors. Heat, high acidity and peppery spice work the finish on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère and Syrah."	Gran Corte	87	40	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Luz 2013 Gran Corte Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Santa Luz
US	"This is a well-made, well-balanced and sophisticated wine from the new-oak, salt and pepper aromas to the tasty blackberry and baking spice flavors to the generous and mouthcoating texture. Firmly tannic, the wine's concentrated fruit and spice flavors come through nicely on the palate and linger on the finish."	Old Soul	92	25	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Atrea 2014 Old Soul Red (Mendocino)	Red Blend	Atrea
France	"A cool wine, full of citrus as well as green apple flavors. The wine is bright, crisp and refreshing in its acidity. Almonds and white fruits add to the attractive mix."		87	16	Burgundy	Bourgogne Hautes Côtes de Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Nuiton-Beaunoy 2011  Bourgogne Hautes Côtes de Beaune	Chardonnay	Nuiton-Beaunoy
US	"Chalky notes of baking soda meet with a nice sizzle of scratched lemon skin, slight bubble gum, fresh sourdough bread and pear blossom on the slightly yeasty nose. Tight lime skins, Asian pear flesh and pink grapefruit cling to a center line of texture and acidity."		91	35	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kessler-Haak 2014 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Kessler-Haak
US	"This wine brings aromas and flavors of cherry, coffee, herbs, medicine cabinet and oak spices. The style is reserved, with a seamless, focused feel to the tart cherry and plum flavors that keep the attention on each sip."	g3	91	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Goose Ridge 2012 g3 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Goose Ridge
US	"A wisp of smoke accents bright apple and pear notes on this off-dry Riesling. It's zippy and fresh, with loads of sweet fresh apple flavor, but piercing acidity lends a long, linear feel that remains focused through the finish."	Semi-Dry	87	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Treleaven 2011 Semi-Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Treleaven
Italy	"This pretty, salmon-colored wine opens with aromas of red berry, iris and a yeasty note of bread dough. On the palate, strawberry and raspberry take center stage while clove and vanilla add interest. It's balanced with bright acidity, while a soft mousse adds elegance."	Brut Rosé	90	35	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lantieri de Paratico NV Brut Rosé Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Lantieri de Paratico
US	"There's no oak on this delightfully dry wine, although you'd never know it from the rich streak of vanilla and smoky butter that accompanies the orange, apricot, lime and honey flavors. It's a brilliant success, bright and zesty in acidity, and one of the most satisfying Pinot Gris on the market."	Paragon Vineyard	90	17	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Tangent 2009 Paragon Vineyard Pinot Gris (Edna Valley)	Pinot Gris	Tangent
South Africa	"Composed of 40% Viognier, 39% Chenin Blanc and 21% Grenache Blanc, there's an attractive round richness to this wine. A toasty character spices up the fresh pear, melon and orange rind flavors, with a nutty accent lingering on the finish."	The Wolftrap	85	10	Franschhoek			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Boekenhoutskloof 2009 The Wolftrap White (Franschhoek)	White Blend	Boekenhoutskloof
US	"Very opulent in texture and somewhat sweet in flavor, this wine has black pepper and blackberry aromas, ripe and jammy fruit on the palate and enough grippy tannin to nicely counterbalance the sweetness."	Drops of Jupiter	87	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Save Me San Francisco 2014 Drops of Jupiter Red (California)	Red Blend	Save Me San Francisco
US	"A very nice wine, showcasing the Napa style of lush, plush opulence. It's softly tannic, with ripe blackberry, raspberry, mocha and cedar flavors. Not an ager—drink by 2015."	Double Lariat	89	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Jamieson Ranch 2011 Double Lariat Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jamieson Ranch
France	"Scented yellow plum jumps from the glass and also fills the palate with easy, unburdened joy. The mousse is somewhere between creamy and frothy and disperses great freshness. The finish is wonderfully dry and emphasizes a punch of lemon."	Mayerling Brut	89	30	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Cave de Turckheim NV Mayerling Brut Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Cave de Turckheim
Chile	"The aromas are meaty yet undefined. In the mouth, the fruit seems snappy and overly excited. The acidity is a bit out of control and it leads to questionable balance. Still the raspberry and cherry flavors are good, and the oak shadings seem about right."		81	9	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2001 Merlot (Rapel Valley)	Merlot	Santa Ema
Italy	"This blended white combines Tocai Friulano (60%) with Pinot Bianco (25%) and Pinot Grigio (15%) in a tasty, corpulent wine well worth its modest price. Bold flavors of oranges, pink grapefruits and ripe cherries mingle in the mouth; the only quibble is that it finishes a little short."	Pino & Toi	87	10	Veneto	Veneto		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Maculan 2002 Pino & Toi White (Veneto)	White Blend	Maculan
Spain	"Rubbery and gaseous smelling, this Bordeaux blend also sports plum and berry scents. The palate is solid but somewhat lean, hollow and acidic. Flavors of tomato sauce, red currant and briny berry fruits finish scratchy, with high acidity."	Mas Elena Merlot-Cabernet Franc-Cabernet Sauvignon	86	22	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Parés Baltà 2011 Mas Elena Merlot-Cabernet Franc-Cabernet Sauvignon Red (Penedès)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Parés Baltà
Italy	"Aromas of wild rose, baked apple and bread crust lead the nose on this deeply hued rosé. The vibrant palate offers raspberry, raw strawberry and an intense note of orange peel alongside zesty acidity and a persistent perlage."	Cuvée Prestige Rosé	89	60	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ca' del Bosco NV Cuvée Prestige Rosé Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Ca' del Bosco
US	"Juicy black currant and berry meet smoky oak and firm tannin in this approachably fruity, integrated effort from the appellation known best for its dust."	Reserve	88	60	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Julietta 2013 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Julietta
Austria	"Some grass and Elderflower foliage give a little aromatic lift. The palate is deliciously zesty and slender, lightweight, dry and refreshing, always with a slight grassy citrus perfume. It's hard to stop sipping when a wine has such feather-weight lightness."		90	20	Südsteiermark			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Sattlerhof 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Südsteiermark)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sattlerhof
Italy	"Here's a strange bouquet with elements that recall dried wax, pressed wild flowers and blueberry. It's a pure expression of Merlot from organically grown grapes with an easy, no-fuss mouthfeel and a touch of piquant spice on the close."		84	13	Veneto	Piave				Pizzolato 2007 Merlot (Piave)	Merlot	Pizzolato
US	"More immediately accessible and affordable than the producer's great estate bottling, this wine invites the nose with petrol, smashed white flower, wet chalk, lemon curd and pink-grapefruit aromas. The acidity is finely pointed on the refreshing and bitter sip, with lime skin, mandarin-orange pith, quinine and pink grapefruit flavors."		89	20	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Claiborne & Churchill 2014 Riesling (Central Coast)	Riesling	Claiborne & Churchill
US	"The vineyard sourcing here is half Le Bon Climat and half Bien Nacido. It's a fleshy, flashy Chardonnay, big and opulent, if a little obvious in crowd appeal. Shows rich, flamboyant pineapple, honey, vanilla, crème brûlée and buttered toast flavors."	Renewel Nuits-Blanches au Barge	88	35	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Au Bon Climat 2008 Renewel Nuits-Blanches au Barge Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Au Bon Climat
Spain	"Solid white-fruit aromas blend with a grassy note of hay as well as dusty floral scents. A smooth mouthfeel is devoid of edginess, while friendly white peach, melon and apple flavors are round on the finish."	Brut Reserva Selección de la Familia	88	16	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lonia NV Brut Reserva Selección de la Familia Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Lonia
US	"This is Barlow's Bordeaux blend. Based on Cabernet Sauvignon, it's a beautiful wine, dry and balanced and fully ready to drink now, although it will take some years of cellaring. With fine acidity and tannins, it displays elegant flavors of currants and cassis, with rich edges of mocha and cedar."	Barrouge	90	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Barlow 2005 Barrouge Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Barlow
France	"This is such a perfumed wine with deceptively soft tannins and great fruit. The acidity is classic for the vintage, with raspberries and intense freshness at the end. It has a fine line of tannins and a life that will go far. Drink from 2022."		96	215	Burgundy	Clos de Lambrays		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Lambrays 2014  Clos de Lambrays	Pinot Noir	Domaine des Lambrays
US	"Serious and concentrated, this is a big and bold wine packed with ripe fruit flavors and firm tannins. It smells oaky and smoky, tastes rich with blackberry and dark chocolate and feels appropriately astringent, dry and full-bodied. Drinkable now, it will be best after 2017."	Left Tusque	90	45	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sanglier Cellars 2012 Left Tusque Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sanglier Cellars
US	"This has subtle flavors of strawberries, limes, dough and vanilla smoke. It's a little rough in the mouth, with a scoury texture, but it's a good buy at this price."	Select Cuvée Brut	86	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Piper Sonoma NV Select Cuvée Brut Sparkling (Sonoma County)	Sparkling Blend	Piper Sonoma
US	Notes of rhubarb and cherry don't stitch together. It drinks just off dry with a tart finish.	Dry Rosé	83	18	Washington	Ancient Lakes	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cave B 2013 Dry Rosé Merlot (Ancient Lakes)	Merlot	Cave B
France	"A lightweight wine, almost tangy in its freshness. Wild strawberry flavors give a great liveliness to a wine that is taut in its acidity."	Buissonnier	83	15	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons de Buxy 2008 Buissonnier  (Bourgogne)	Pinot Noir	Vignerons de Buxy
US	"Firm in tannins, mouthwatering in acids, and bone dry, this is a wine to hold for a while. The vineyard consistently yields rich, complex Pinots from various wineries, and Siduri again captures its essence as they have for many years. The wine, which is one of Siduri's ripest, shows wild forest cherry, raspberry, cola and spice flavors, with a feral quality suggesting grilled wild mushrooms and balsam. Give it 2–3 years."	Van der Kamp Vineyard	93	48	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma			Siduri 2009 Van der Kamp Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Mountain)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
France	"Densely tannic, this is a wine that shows some initial austerity, although the black currant fruit and toasty wood then comes through. With its structure and chewy texture, it is always likely to be a firm wine."		87	20	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Patache d'Aux 2009  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Patache d'Aux
Chile	"Welcoming but basic cassis and berry aromas carrry a leathery accent and a hint of rubber. The palate is mildly creamy and comfortable, with cassis, cherry and plum flavors but little beyond that. A clean finish cements this well-made wine's value position."	Selección del Directorio Gran Reserva	87	10	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Helena 2011 Selección del Directorio Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Helena
Chile	"Simple cherry aromas with notes of cinnamon and chlorinated pool open this light-colored but blocky Pinot Noir. It tastes salty and sweet, with generic plum and red-fruit flavors. Very little flavor stands out on a bland finish."	Reserve	84	16	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Patagonia 2014 Reserve Pinot Noir (Maule Valley)	Pinot Noir	Finca Patagonia
South Africa	"An immediately attractive wine with intense aromas of black raspberry, cherry and plum laced with toasted cedar and mocha accents. The texture is like crushed velvet, and the rich mouth filled with firm but fine-grain tannins. A touch of cola spice unwinds on the long finish. Drink now–2014."	Three Pines Unfined and Unfiltered	92	35	Jonkershoek Valley			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Stark-Condé 2007 Three Pines Unfined and Unfiltered Syrah (Jonkershoek Valley)	Syrah	Stark-Condé
Italy	"This shows a riper, softer personality compared to previous vintages of this wine. The finish is plush and rich and should pair with succulent cuts of red meat."	Boito	90	45	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Rizzi 2007 Boito  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Rizzi
France	"Proprietor Michel Gassier is turning out excellent values at all levels. This supple red blends 72% Grenache with 24% Syrah and 4% Mourvèdre. Raspberry and rhubarb notes on the nose give way to flavors of ripe cherries, baking spices and dried herbs. The finish is long and velvety. Drink now–2020."	Vieilles Vignes	91	15	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château de Nages 2011 Vieilles Vignes Red (Costières de Nîmes)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château de Nages
Australia	"Green beans and grapefruit mark the nose; nectarine, pineapple and beans appear on the palate. At just 12.6% abv, it's reasonably plump and a bit sweet-tasting, making for a slightly disjointed package."	The Stump Jump	85	13	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	D'Arenberg 2015 The Stump Jump Sauvignon Blanc (Adelaide Hills)	Sauvignon Blanc	D'Arenberg
Spain	"Dry, pure and attractive on the nose, with crisp apple and lemon-lime flavors. This wine performs on an even keel from start to finish, and it's dry, tangy and correct as far as brut nature cavas go. Verges on elegant."	Brut Nature Gran Reserva Cava	88	15	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sumarroca 2005 Brut Nature Gran Reserva Cava Sparkling (Penedès)	Sparkling Blend	Sumarroca
Spain	"With a bright purple color and integrated but potent aromas of oak, mineral, schisty earth and black fruits, this is a rock-solid yet approachable and delicious wine. A structured palate is firm and braced by fine acidity, while flavors of wild herbs, licorice and blackberry finish with a touch of molasses as well as brown sugar and anise. Drink through 2019."	Clos Abella	93	90	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marco Abella 2009 Clos Abella Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Marco Abella
France	"Approaching maturity, here is a Riesling that still has a refreshing citric character, intensely tangy perfumed fruit as well as green herbs, spice and yeast."		88	25	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Hugel 2006 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Hugel
Spain	"Green, lemony and murky on the nose, this young wine shows that a good vintage in a renowned region doesn't always amount to a good wine. This is a funky, earthy specimen with burnt notes and a grassy aftertaste."	Vall Sanzo	81	13	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valsanzo 2005 Vall Sanzo  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Valsanzo
Spain	"With seven years in bottle, this Cabernet Sauvignon-led blend is what it is. The nose is stewy and raisiny, with baked berry notes. Like the nose, it feels raisiny and heavy. Flavors of raisin, fig and chocolate keep the theme going, while the finish is herbal and earthy in flavor, with heat."	Abat Domènech	86	49	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cesca Vicent 2008 Abat Domènech Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Cesca Vicent
Portugal	"From a small sub-region of Lisboa, this stylish, structured wine is firm and tannic. It has plenty of ripe berry fruit to balance the tannins as well as acidity that cuts through the richness of the wine. It is ready to drink."	Quinta das Setencostas	90	11	Alenquer			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2013 Quinta das Setencostas Red (Alenquer)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
France	Marie-Amélie is the daughter of the Henriets and her cuvée is a fine blend of ripe fruits from the difficult 2010 vintage. It has a crisp element as well as fresh acidity and delicious apple juice and ripe pear flavors. A crisper element gives a balanced wine that has soft acidity at the end.	Marie-Amélie Fleur de Vigne Premier Cru Brut	92	87	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henriet-Bazin 2010 Marie-Amélie Fleur de Vigne Premier Cru Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Henriet-Bazin
US	"A faint yeastiness subsides to expose luxurious aromas of violet, white peach and green herb on this single-vineyard Riesling. Lushly textured with flavors of yellow cherry and stone fruit, it has a steely, minerally tone that persists through the long finish."	Hobbit Hollow Vineyard	88	27	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Heart & Hands 2011 Hobbit Hollow Vineyard Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Heart & Hands
US	"The word scrumptious applies here. This rich and complex rosé from Eric Hamacher is a mix of saignée juice and Pinot Noir blanc that wasn't quite blanc enough—a happy accident, since it's packed with raspberry confit and plum jam flavors, with a hint of cranberry sauce. Coming up on two years past fermentation, it's a wine to drink now."	Spirit of Pinot Noir	90	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ghost Hill 2015 Spirit of Pinot Noir Rosé	Rosé	Ghost Hill
US	"Here's a soft, fruity and sweet Cabernet, rich and spicy in raspberry, cherry and blackberry jam. Lots of new oak adds smoky vanilla and caramel notes. It's delicious, but pretty direct, lacking some complexity and structure."	Talianna	87	70	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Bell 2007 Talianna Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Bell
Chile	"Gritty citrus aromas are tight and crisp. This is wet, basic and zesty on the palate, but lean. Flavors of citrus, green herbs and brine finish with a mix of bitterness and notes of tangy green apple and passion fruit."	Natura	85	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Emiliana 2014 Natura Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Emiliana
US	"This is rich and extracted to the point of tasting candied, with black cherry, fig, roasted almond, brown sugar and cinnamon spice flavors—like a granola bar from a health food store. An easy-drinking blend of Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre and Counoise."	Patelin de Tablas	86	20	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Tablas Creek 2011 Patelin de Tablas Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Tablas Creek
Argentina	"Coffee, beef stock, blackberry and graphite aromas require patience to process. A lively, ringing palate is jammy at its essence. Dark, toasty flavors of blackberry and blueberry are mildly green and herbal. It feels rubbery on a tannic finish."	Paisaje de Tupungato	89	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Flichman 2015 Paisaje de Tupungato Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Finca Flichman
US	"A vivid bouquet of white flowers is cut by a pungent, pithy funkiness of crushed ants and iodine on this classic bottling by the Miller family and winemaker Trey Fletcher. The intriguing palate is tensely layered, with grapefruit pith, lime-sprayed limestone and a bit of almond oil on the finish, proving uniquely spicy and incredibly long-lasting."		94	45	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bien Nacido 2012 Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Bien Nacido
US	"Here the high alcohol does not obscure the layered fruits and overall complexity of this exceptional Cabernet. Thick, ripe and richly endowed, it keeps its black fruit, ripe tannins and liquorous barrel notes all in proportion, and pulls in top flight fruit from Champoux, Sagemoor, the estate vineyard and other select sites. Earth, cedar and tobacco notes highlight the extended finish."	Artist Series #18	95	49	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Woodward Canyon 2009 Artist Series #18 Cabernet Sauvignon (Washington)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Woodward Canyon
US	"Stark and sharp at first, this blend of Roussanne, Marsanne, Viognier and ­Grenache Blanc is sophisticated, with notes of pear and stone fruit—such as apricot and white plum—that are accentuated by a figgy finish. With plenty of meat on its bones and a lush mouthfeel, it'll stand up to thick sauces and the richness of lobster and crab."	L'Ingenue Naggiar Vineyard	88	28	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Elyse 2010 L'Ingenue Naggiar Vineyard White (Sierra Foothills)	White Blend	Elyse
US	"A 100% varietal wine from near the town of Glen Ellen, this is a healthy marriage of power and grace. The wine is fiery in leathery tannin and full-bodied blackberry ripeness laced in cinnamon and black pepper. Aged in new French oak, it's structured and age-worthy, though quite enjoyable now."	Estate Grown	90	32	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dunbar 2013 Estate Grown Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Dunbar
US	"Barrel fermented and aged on lees for 17 months, this straw-colored wine offers nuanced aromas of spice, pear, pineapple and peach. It's full bodied in feel but far from over the top with well-balanced fruit and barrel flavors and a lingering finish."	DuBrul Vineyard	93	50	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Côte Bonneville 2012 DuBrul Vineyard Chardonnay (Yakima Valley)	Chardonnay	Côte Bonneville
US	"A very light shade of pink, this wine is quite delicate, maybe too much so, showing light strawberry, bubblegum, nectarine and tangerine-peel notes on the nose. The palate offers a lot of texture but not a ton of flavor, with raspberry and dried-lemon elements."		86	23	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Croma Vera 2015 Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	Croma Vera
US	"This is certainly dry, as stated, but it doesn't have the texture and stuffing that the best dry Rieslings bring to the show. Simple and straightforward lemon and grapefruit flavors tell the whole story, and those high acids leave a sour impression."	Dry	86	19	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lemelson 2015 Dry Riesling (Dundee Hills)	Riesling	Lemelson
US	"With alcohol under 13%, this spicy, well-constructed Pinot Gris is decidedly cut in a European mold. Grapefruit and fiddlehead fern flavors combine, with surprising concentration and length. For food matches think along the lines of what goes best with a spicy, grassy Sauvignon Blanc."		89	17	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coeur de Terre 2008 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Coeur de Terre
Austria	"The nose is uncertain and hovers between musky botrytis and lactic tartness. The palate removes all doubt and shines with luscious, concentrated sweetness, referencing the pleasant bitterness of honeycomb and the spice of maple syrup. Pure lemon freshness illuminates everything. Drink now through 2025."	Trockenbeerenauslese	91	30	Niederösterreich			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Gruber Röschitz 2015 Trockenbeerenauslese Chardonnay (Niederösterreich)	Chardonnay	Gruber Röschitz
Portugal	"Citrus and ripe yellow fruits weave harmoniously throughout this warm, rich wine. There is no wood, just generous fruitiness and acidity in a creamy texture. It is approachable now, although it will be better from 2016."	Grand'Arte	88	13	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	DFJ Vinhos 2014 Grand'Arte Chardonnay (Lisboa)	Chardonnay	DFJ Vinhos
US	"Front-loaded fruit has a strawberry soda pop flavor, but the wine gains a little extra depth from the tannins and barrels, which add texture, spice and a bit of salty chocolate."	Righteous	86	20	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Righteous 2008 Righteous Sangiovese (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Righteous
US	"Soft, sweet and a little cloying, with candied flavors of blackberries, cherries and pepper. Okay in a pinch with comfort food."	Coastal Series	82	10	California	California	California Other			Jenica Peak 2007 Coastal Series Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jenica Peak
Argentina	"Applesauce and fruit salad are rather strange, unconvincing aromas for Merlot, and the palate of plum and wild berry is big, broad and lunky. Jammy on the back end, with herbal berry flavors on the finish. Acceptable red wine but nothing special."	Reserva	83	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Norton 2006 Reserva Merlot (Mendoza)	Merlot	Bodega Norton
US	"The winery's reserve Chard has consistently been the best among their five Chards. The '05 is a dramatic wine, although oak-o-phobes might find it toothpicky. It is smoky and buttery and caramelly, but a year or so should knit that together with the ripe tropical fruits and make the wine seamlessly complex."	Reserve	94	45	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Chateau St. Jean 2005 Reserve Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Chateau St. Jean
US	"This is a great wine for a great price, a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon with smaller percentages of Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. Never overly complicated, it delivers juicy waves of blackberry, tobacco and cedar, varietally classic in chalky tannins and a dry finish. Stock up."		88	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Edge 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Edge
US	"Horse & Plow continues to make nice wines from organic grapes. This vintage shows a subtle lemon streak with a tiny smidge of tropical guava and is all-around balanced, steely and meaty at the same time without overdone oak. Golden honey and lemon finish things off."	McFadden Farm	89	25	California	Mendocino		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Horse & Plow 2010 McFadden Farm Chardonnay (Mendocino)	Chardonnay	Horse & Plow
France	"While the wine certainly has structure, its main character, from the dominant Merlot, is the juicy, stalky fruit and jammy, ripe black plums. It does have an edge of bitter chocolate and a layer of wood. When that softens, it will be a ripe, broad wine. Drink from 2017."	Cuvée Reine	88	30	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Roquebrune 2011 Cuvée Reine  (Lalande de Pomerol)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Roquebrune
US	"Rich plum, earth and spice aromas are followed by lush black cherry, blackberry, cassis, herb, coffee, chocolate and raspberry flavors. An intriguing floral edge runs through the core for added interest, all supported by firm, ripe tannins and fine body. The finish is long and smooth, with just a hint of brightness on the end. Made from 100 percent Cabernet Sauvignon. A first release from the folks who also make Harlan."	Melbury	94	150	California	Napa Valley	Napa			BOND 1999 Melbury Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	BOND
US	"An easygoing, approachable wine with lush texture and characteristics of soy, black olive and forest floor, this wine leans savory and quite minerally, with spicy acidity giving it a kick on the palate. Savory and juicy, it expands on the finish into a lushness of velvety goodness."		90	42	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Merry Edwards 2013 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
US	"Vibrant but slightly reduced aromas of canned pear, jasmine, flowers and peach are followed by off-dry-leaning sweeter fruit flavors. It brings appeal but needs more acid to stand it up."	Off-dry	86	18	Idaho			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cinder 2015 Off-dry Riesling	Riesling	Cinder
US	"This is crisp and tangy, with a slightly beer-accented nose. Cucumber and apple flavors are found, with a touch of canned asparagus."		85	15	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Boomtown 2011 Pinot Gris (Washington)	Pinot Gris	Boomtown
US	"Lots of ripe strawberries, raspberries and sweet smoky oak in this silky young Pinot Noir. It tastes a bit too extracted and jammy for subtlety, but sure does offer a mouthful of flavor."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	87	50	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Twomey 2009 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Twomey
US	"This is a newish producer making Pinot in Marin, the county between San Francisco and Sonoma. The wine is dry, crisp, elegant and medium-bodied, showing cola, cherry liqueur and spicy vanilla flavors. It's a promising Pinot whose next step is to build in additional layers of complexity."		88	30	California	Marin County	North Coast			Kendric 2005 Pinot Noir (Marin County)	Pinot Noir	Kendric
Chile	"Creamy aromas of vanilla and pears also carry some typical Sauvignon Blanc pungency. For a rounder style, which it is, it's quite refreshing. The mix across the palate of banana, grapefruit and almonds is attractive, and so is the round, pretty finish. Drink it very soon."	Legado de Armida Reserva	87	10	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ines 2001 Legado de Armida Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Maipo Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Ines
France	"This is a very mineral driven wine—the ripe fruit is cut with acidity, green fruits and herbs. Textured and ripe, its freshness is a counterpoint to the full fruit flavors."	Les Chaumes Premier Cru	91	72	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vincent Girardin 2010 Les Chaumes Premier Cru  (Chassagne-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Domaine Vincent Girardin
Portugal	"This big and bold wine exudes power and fruitiness. It has ripe fruits, sweet tannins and a great mix of spice, toasty wood and acidity. Both juicy and structured, it's likely to develop well. Drink from 2016."	Bridão Reserva	91	14	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo 2011 Bridão Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo
France	"Made from a blend of every local red grape imaginable, this is a serious, impressive wine. Its aromas and flavors conjure up the wild mountain scenery around the vineyard, giving black fruits, dense tannins and acidity. The spice at the end is another reminder of its origins. Drink from 2017."	Chiesa Nera	93	70	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos Venturi 2013 Chiesa Nera Red (Vin de France)	Red Blend	Clos Venturi
South Africa	"Clean, balanced and simply refreshing, this Sauvignon Blanc from Sebeka fits perfectly within their line of good, affordable wines. Crisp, clean, but flavorful with tropical fruit, it makes for a dependable summertime classic on the patio."		85	10	Western Cape			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Sebeka 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sebeka
US	"A blend of Merlot (58%), Syrah (35%), Petite Sirah (5%) and Primitivo, this hedonistic wine offers appealing suggestions of coffee, vanilla and cherry. Ripe, silky soft milk chocolate flavors finish warm."	Rock Island	90	20	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ryan Patrick 2012 Rock Island Red (Wahluke Slope)	Red Blend	Ryan Patrick
US	"Big, brawny tannins carry wave after wave of ripe black cherry, cola and clove flavor in this ethereal, earthy wine. Its velvety texture is rich and rewarding, balanced by a persistent thread of acidity and a tease of ash."	Terra De Promissio Vineyard	93	70	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Della 2015 Terra De Promissio Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Della
US	"Rich in black cherry, licorice, mocha and oak flavors, this Pinot is showing its best now. Give it a few hours of decanting and pair with steak, lamb and salmon."		88	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Pfendler 2012 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Pfendler
Germany	"This delivers a spectacular explosion of fruity, floral flavors. Notes of apricot preserve and honeysuckle are exuberantly aromatic, balanced with a delicate palate of sweet, sugared peach and tangerine. It's sprightly and lean, yet elegantly lingering on the finish."	Goldkap Eiswein	94	115	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Hermann 2012 Goldkap Eiswein Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Hermann
Italy	"This opens with aromas suggesting underbrush, chopped sage, wild berry and a whiff of leather. On the full-bodied palate, notes of cinnamon and licorice add depth to dark cherry and raspberry compote while a tannic backbone lends structure. Drink 2021–2028."		91	54	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rizieri 2013  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Rizieri
US	"Cherry, vanilla and liqueur notes show on the nose of this wine, which starts off with very dense aromas but shows zesty cherry skins too. It's juicy and spicy on the palate, with relatively light body and a boisterous acidity, proving quite appropriate for everyday drinking."	Heritage Selection	87	19	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bianchi 2012 Heritage Selection Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Bianchi
US	"Cedar, pencil and wild mushroom scents accent the nose of this wine—a blend of 40% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Cabernet Franc, 20% Merlot and 10% Sangiovese. Generous tannins give additional weight to the overall concentration. The finish feels dusted with spicy clove."	PureCoz	90	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pure Cru 2012 PureCoz Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Pure Cru
US	"Coming from one of the state's top Syrah sites, this wine starts out quite aromatically closed up, with notes of brambly blue fruit and herbs, along with whiffs of orange peel and smoked meat. The flavors, in contrast, pop with electric notes of dark plum and huckleberry and lingering undercurrents of smoked meat and orange rind. Give it some time to open up and it delivers."	Red Willow Vineyard	92	40	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	William Church 2013 Red Willow Vineyard Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	William Church
US	"A good Cabernet, but outclassed in a flight by its more concentrated and attractive competitors. Taste too fruity, in a jammy sense, and over-oaked, showing lots of upfront vanilla extract and buttered toast. Could well develop bottle character after 2012, but it's a dice throw."		86	50	California	Rutherford	Napa			Lieff 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lieff
US	"A good, basic wine, this has a mix of fruity and vegetal aromas, tart cherry and watermelon flavors, firm texture with moderate tannins, medium body and a slightly astringent finish."	California Series	84	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cambridge & Sunset 2013 California Series Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Cambridge & Sunset
US	"This forward, fruity Cabernet Sauvignon is plummy and ripe with notes of black cherry preserves and cassis liqueur. It's plush on the palate, with soft, sunny acidity, but moderate alcohol keeps it fresh and quaffable."		86	23	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fox Run 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fox Run
Australia	"Soft and creamy in style, with aromas and flavors of pineapple and ginger. Off dry on the finish."	Emeri Sparkling Sauvignon Blanc	84	13	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	De Bortoli NV Emeri Sparkling Sauvignon Blanc Sparkling (South Eastern Australia)	Sparkling Blend	De Bortoli
US	"Made from the clone that UC Davis extracted from Australian Shiraz, this is all about intense fruit. Aromas of licorice and blackberries give way to a palate lush with smoked blueberry, mocha, chocolate pudding, black rocks and a minty midpalate. The tannins will last awhile but this is ready now."	Clone #1 Purisima Mountain Vineyard	92	52	California	Ballard Canyon	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Beckmen 2012 Clone #1 Purisima Mountain Vineyard Syrah (Ballard Canyon)	Syrah	Beckmen
US	"Light white peach and apple aromas show off this boutique bottling from one of the few commercial projects in Ventura County. There'a plenty of tension on the palate, with tangy citrus and buttery nut flavors, which ultimately feel a little soft."	Olivelands Vineyards	86	18	California	Ventura County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Clos des Amis 2015 Olivelands Vineyards Chardonnay (Ventura County)	Chardonnay	Clos des Amis
Italy	"Aromas of white flower, crushed herb, fennel and cut grass emerge on this vibrant white. The bright palate shows citrus zest, mint and mineral alongside crisp acidity."	Leopold	87	24	Northeastern Italy	Collio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fiegl 2013 Leopold White (Collio)	White Blend	Fiegl
Italy	"There's berry and rhubarb-like aromas and dried cherry flavors that have hints of tobacco, vanilla and leather. All of this sounds good, but the elements seemed to disappear too quickly in the glass. After only a few moments the wine seemed a pale shadow of the initial elements, and finished dry and a bit hollow."		84	11	Tuscany	Chianti				Terre del Principe 1998  Chianti	Sangiovese	Terre del Principe
Italy	"Bright and silky, this blend of Sangiovese, Sagrantino, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot offers aromas of blue flower, spicy red berry and a hint of leather. The savory palate offers layers of crushed wild cherry, red raspberry, white pepper and clove alongside supple tannins. Succulent and easy drinking, it should be enjoyed through 2016 to capture fresh fruit."		90	19	Central Italy	Montefalco Rosso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cantina Fratelli Pardi 2011  Montefalco Rosso	Red Blend	Cantina Fratelli Pardi
US	"Shows a real Burgundian-style earthiness, with rich humous, mushroom and gamy, leathery flavors, marbled with a deep well of spicy plum sauce. This earthy richness, with the distinct tannins, suggests ageability for this dry wine. Best after 2009."	El Jabalí Vineyard - Mt. Eden Clone	92	49	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Alma Rosa 2007 El Jabalí Vineyard - Mt. Eden Clone Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Alma Rosa
US	"The vintage was a very ripe one, and the heat shows. It's very forward, almost jammy, in sweet strawberry and peach flavors. This robs the wine of some elegance and finesse, but it's still an attractive sipper."	Brut	85	25	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Domaine Carneros 2004 Brut Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Carneros
US	"An impressive Cabernet, but one in need of cellaring. The primary fruit flavors of blackberries and blueberries are delicious, as is the fancy coating of smoky oak. And the tannins are rich and sweetly ripe. Give it until 2016 or 2017 to begin to integrate."	Mountain Vineyards Reserve	90	46	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Ferrari-Carano 2010 Mountain Vineyards Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ferrari-Carano
Austria	"Notes of orange peel lend interest to this copper-glinting, citrussy fizz. The bubbles are fine and persistent, and there is both a yeasty backdrop and some earthiness. An interesting, softly pink number that will come into its own with a selection of canapés."	Brut Rosé	88	29	Österreichischer Sekt			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Graf Hardegg 2010 Brut Rosé Sparkling (Österreichischer Sekt)	Sparkling Blend	Graf Hardegg
Chile	"Despite the higher price and “reserva” name, this Chard is actually more dull than Terrmater's regular '07 wine, which is innocuous at best. This one is tan and oxidized, with flat, chunky flavors and a dull, melony finish."	Reserva	81	18	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TerraMater 2007 Reserva Chardonnay (Maipo Valley)	Chardonnay	TerraMater
US	"This is a flamboyant wine made in the oaky style. It's opulent in pineapple, golden mango and pear flavors, with a coating of sweet oak. The richness is brightened by tart acidity. Drink this flashy wine now, with the richest fare you can."	Estate	90	28	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			McIntyre Vineyards 2010 Estate Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	McIntyre Vineyards
US	"Estate grown and fermented with native yeasts, the Select cuvée is the entry level offering from Brick House. In this hot vintage the picking, sorting and fermentation have been carefully managed to produce a balanced and textural wine. The fruit shines through with apple, cranberry and cherry, underscored by a refreshing minerality. The acids have a subtle citrus/orange peel flavor."	Select	91	35	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Brick House 2014 Select Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Brick House
Germany	"A plump, amply concentrated Riesling, with plenty of pineapple fruit to balance the hints of kerosene, slate and lime. Finishes crisp and clean, with a dry quality that invites another sip. Drink now."	Armand Kabinett	88	20	Pfalz			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Von Buhl 2005 Armand Kabinett Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Von Buhl
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese and 7% Canaiolo, this bright red opens with pretty aromas of violet, woodland berry and a whiff of baking spice. The vibrant palate offers tart cherry, black raspberry and anise alongside sleek tannins and fresh acidity."		89	19	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	I Sodi 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	I Sodi
US	"With 20% Malbec, this wine is layered in refined complexity, swaying from juicy blueberry to herbaceous cherry and currant. Restrained in oak, with the slightest notion of vanilla on the palate, it finishes in mouthwatering dark chocolate—the tannins firm and structured."		93	60	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Hess Collection 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hess Collection
Italy	"Made with Negroamaro and 10% Malvasia Nera, this straightforward, enjoyable wine offers aromas of wild berry, violet and a whiff of tilled soil. The easy-drinking palate doles out juicy Morello cherry, clove and bitter almond alongside chewy tannins."		87	13	Southern Italy	Salice Salentino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rivera 2012 Red (Salice Salentino)	Red Blend	Rivera
Italy	"This opens with a classic Sangiovese fragrance of crushed violet, blue iris, perfumed berry, underbrush and baking spice with a whiff of leather and menthol. Structured but elegant, the palate offers crunchy red cherry, juicy raspberry, white pepper clove and savory herb alongside a tannic backbone and fresh acidity. It has great aging potential. Drink 2016–2030."	Etichetta Storica Gran Selezione	95	45	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ormanni 2010 Etichetta Storica Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Ormanni
Italy	"Earthy aromas suggesting leather, forest floor, tilled soil and dark spice take the lead in this Brunello, punctuated by a balsamic note. Firm and full-bodied, it delivers succulent Marasca cherry, star anise, mint and pipe tobacco, framed by tightly wound but refined tannins. Drink 2020–2032."		93	55	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria dei Barbi 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Fattoria dei Barbi
France	"Darker in color than most Provence rosés, this impressive wine is made almost entirely of Mourvèdre. With a rich, full character, it is generous and ripe. Sweet strawberry fruits are right up front, balanced with a touch of citrus and freshly ground pepper. The aftertaste is tight and spicy."	L'Irréductible	92	40	Provence	Bandol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Bégude 2015 L'Irréductible Rosé (Bandol)	Rosé	Domaine de la Bégude
US	"Acidity and minerality mark this vibrant, complex young Chardonnay. It has a tart, sour pineapple candy flavor, softened and enriched with sweet smoky oak and butterscotch, and undergirded with a chalky tang. Very fine, and will develop for 4–6 years."	La Entrada	93	45	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Sanford 2007 La Entrada Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Sanford
France	"Pale salmon rosé, with peach and melon aromas. It's dry and minerally on the palate, with mouthwatering acids that linger on the finish."	Grand Toque	86	10	Rhône Valley	Luberon		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Marrenon 2010 Grand Toque Rosé (Luberon)	Rosé	Marrenon
US	"This is a well-made blend of 53% Merlot, 24% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Cabernet Franc, 6% Malbec and 2% Petit Verdot. It is among the producer's “curious blends,” created from estate properties in different styles. Here, firm, structured and present tannins dominate an otherwise concentrated and spicy mix of black licorice, clove and tobacco."	Frog Prince	90	35	California	Napa County	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kuleto Estate 2013 Frog Prince Red (Napa County)	Red Blend	Kuleto Estate
France	"Full of warm fruit and light spice, this generous wine is rich with yellow fruits balanced by bright acidity and vanilla. The rounded texture and ripe fruit mean the wine is very ready to drink."	En Chantone	88	35	Burgundy	Pouilly-Loché		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos des Rocs 2015 En Chantone  (Pouilly-Loché)	Chardonnay	Clos des Rocs
US	"While not Millbrook's premium Chardonnay, this bottling offers a surprising amount of elegance amidst a lavishly ripe, fruity sip. It's ebulliently peachy with a decadent creamsicle twist, offset by crisp acidity and a firm, focused finish."		89	17	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Millbrook 2014 Chardonnay (New York)	Chardonnay	Millbrook
US	"Surprisingly, in this excellent vintage where the Pinot ripened quite nicely, this is a strongly herbal wine with a grassy aroma as well. Black cherry fruit is grounded in a chalky, earthy finish."		85	16	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kudos 2012 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kudos
US	"Made in a leaner, acidic, minerally style, this bone-dry wine feels ultra-clean and distinguished in the mouth. It's austere, but you'll find a core of pineapples, apples and limes. Great with a shellfish-inspired risotto. Elegant and food-friendly, it should develop over the next 4–5 years."	Sanford & Benedict Vineyard	92	39	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Testarossa 2008 Sanford & Benedict Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
US	"This is a fun, flavorful blend of 63% Merlot, 14% Syrah, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, 9% Petit Verdot and 4% Malbec. Soft, juicy red fruit meets sizable tannin and leathery oak laced in vanilla."	SRB	88	19	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Highway 12 2014 SRB Red (Sonoma County)	Red Blend	Highway 12
US	"The aromas of this full-bodied, dry and sophisticated wine show black olive, light smoke and oak. The palate brings flavors of dark cherries and a touch of dark chocolate, with firm tannins offering a pleasing texture."		88	15	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Stephen Vincent 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (North Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stephen Vincent
US	"This wine seems to have just barely ripened in this vintage, but is very well made and interesting. The tart, waxy red fruit has a vein of pine resin threading around rhubarb and sour berry. Firm and focused, it will work best with poultry in an herbal preparation."		89	55	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Francis Tannahill 2013 Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Francis Tannahill
Italy	"Made with organic grapes, this internationally-styled wine is still very much on its oak and is dominated by toasted wood, coffee and espresso sensations. Although the palate also shows a ripe plum flavor, it has an abrupt finish from drying wood tannins."		86	34	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Querciabella 2010  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Querciabella
Chile	"With a gold-meets-tan color, this is showing cidery aromas as well as toasty oak. The palate is good but chunky, while flavors of green fruits and light vegetal notes finish briny, with a pinch of sea salt."	Gran Reserva de Los Andes Estate Bottled	87	15	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alicia 2013 Gran Reserva de Los Andes Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Maipo Valley)	Chardonnay	Santa Alicia
US	"Easily as good as the winery's more expensive proprietary bottlings, this shows classic Russian River acidity and minerality, with flavors of tropical fruits, tangerines, golden apricots and limes. It's really rich, but classically dry, with a long, distinguished finish."	Estate	93	28	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			Iron Horse 2010 Estate Chardonnay (Green Valley)	Chardonnay	Iron Horse
US	"Smoky pepper marks the aroma of this soft, smooth and balanced Cabernet Sauvignon that conveys plenty of refined power. Clove and dried herb provide a savory edge to the experience, which remains integrated and polished in the glass, finishing with a sense of finesse."		90	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Madrigal 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Madrigal
US	"Delicate whiffs of black cherry and berry intensify on the palate of this vibrant, delicately concentrated Pinot Noir. It's fresh and fruity yet elegantly structured offering fine lingering tannins and bright cranberry acidity. Extensive aging in new French oak lends a lavish spicy character that reverberates through the finish."	Lust	89	28	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Inspire Moore 2014 Lust Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Inspire Moore
US	"With moderate alcohol, this Pinot is silky and delicate in the mouth, with excellent acidity. Yet it's intense in sunshiney-ripe raspberries and cherries, as well as a hint of mushrooms that will become more pronounced with age. Defines the lighter style of California Pinot, in a gracious, elegant style."	Winery Block Estate	91	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Balletto 2011 Winery Block Estate Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Balletto
France	"This Cru Bourgeois estate has produced a structured wine that is still showing strong wood-aging flavors. Toasty as well as ripely fruity, it has firm tannins and good aging potential. The aftertaste is fruity and spicy. Drink from 2019."		91	23	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château le Pey 2014  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château le Pey
US	"The aromas bring notes of jasmine, lime zest and honeysuckle. It drinks dry, with lightly concentrated fruit flavors that lead to a floral finish. It provides enjoyment but the concentration doesn't seem all there."	Dry	87	11	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Pacific Rim 2015 Dry Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Pacific Rim
US	"Light and clear in color this wine is somewhat simple on the palate and marked by the presence of oak. Light bodied, it has flavors of baked bread and strawberry jam that get along well before a wave of vanilla lingers on the finish."		86	16	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	River Road 2014 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	River Road
US	Aromas of saddle leather and sour cherry are followed by lightly styled tart cherry flavors and gritty tannins.	Smitten Winemaker	86	30	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Almquist 2010 Smitten Winemaker Nebbiolo (Washington)	Nebbiolo	Almquist
Italy	"Straightforward and already accessible, this opens with aromas of rubber, coffee, vanilla, toasted oak and plum cake. The extracted palate delivers mature black cherry, chocolate, and sage alongside evolved, fleeting tannins. Enjoy through 2019."	Montersino	88	50	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Orlando Abrigo 2009 Montersino  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Orlando Abrigo
Italy	"Aromas of leafy underbrush, dried hay and prune lead the nose. The evolved palate offers dried date, raisin, licorice and evident alcohol alongside raspy tannins. The fruit has dried up."	Quercione Riserva	85	55	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lunadoro 2007 Quercione Riserva  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Lunadoro
France	"The nose is tender, with primary, juicy pear fruit. The palate comes in with fruity rounded ripeness, helped along by a little residual sweetness. While the palate remains slender, the flavors are rounded and fresh, driven by friendly, appetizing pear fruit."	Cuvée Romanus	89	18	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Lucien Albrecht 2016 Cuvée Romanus Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Lucien Albrecht
Italy	"The name is a play on words. Merli is the plural of “blackbirds,” and this wine is 100% Merlot. But it isn't for the birds. Black as night in the glass, with a brooding power that's confirmed on the palate. What's special about it is that unlike so many flabby Merlots, it carries Chianti-like acidity and an unbridled raciness. Excellent now with food, and it will age well, too."	Poggio ai Merli	91	89	Tuscany	Colli della Toscana Centrale		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castellare 1999 Poggio ai Merli Merlot (Colli della Toscana Centrale)	Merlot	Castellare
Chile	"Cedar, graphite, plum and berry aromas make for a good bouquet. This feels fresh, albeit choppy, while flavors of cassis, berry fruits, oak and herbs come together well. A quick finish lacks complexity, so drink this blend of Carmenère, Petit Verdot and Shiraz now."	Anke Winemaker's Blend Selection	88	18	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alicia 2012 Anke Winemaker's Blend Selection Red (Maipo Valley)	Red Blend	Santa Alicia
US	"Sweet and pretty on the nose with scents of honey, lemon and pressed apples, there's an interesting white pepper spice enhancing the warm, apple cider palate. There's a hollowness in the midpalate, however, that could use a boost."	Dry	83	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hunt Country Vineyards 2009 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Hunt Country Vineyards
France	"A bulky wine with an ample mix of cherry and chocolate flavors, this Gigondas is a big, fairly rich mouthful but is slightly lacking for nuance. Give it another year or two to see if more develops."		86	40	Rhône Valley	Gigondas		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Pierre Henri Morel 2009  Gigondas	Rhône-style Red Blend	Pierre Henri Morel
France	"This wine is toasty and rich upfront, with decadent aromas of cedar-grilled apple and peach pit that are graced with hints of garribue and gardenia. The floral character gains intensity on the palate, before giving way to fresh fruit flavors of apple slices and lemon pith. It's well balanced and clean on the close; drink now."	Le Prestige	88	15	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Les Collines du Bourdic 2016 Le Prestige Chardonnay (Pays d'Oc)	Chardonnay	Les Collines du Bourdic
US	"The dried tobacco, vanilla, green olive and cocoa aromas seem somewhat unusual for the variety and vintage. The chocolate and cherry flavors are creamy in feel, displaying a good sense of balance and length."	XVIII	89	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dunham 2012 XVIII Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dunham
US	"Full bodied and complex, this is a fleshy Pinot Noir with fruit flavors that run from mulberry to spicy plum. Streaks of Dr. Pepper and some black pepper add finishing highlights."		91	48	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	William Hatcher 2008 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	William Hatcher
Italy	"Toast, oak, menthol and coconut aromas carry over to the bracing palate along with mocha and mint. It lacks fruit richness while raspy tannins generate an astringent close."	Riserva	86	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Virna Borgogno 2010 Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Virna Borgogno
US	"There's an exotic saltiness and briny ocean element to this memorable wine, grandly textured and integrated in terms of oak. Medium in weight, it finds balance between savory, spicy and salty tones and a crispness of Gravenstein apple."	Jewell Vineyard Dutton Ranch	91	51	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	The Calling 2014 Jewell Vineyard Dutton Ranch Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	The Calling
Portugal	"While this wine is dry, it offers good fruit weight that will fill out as it matures. It has a smoky character with juicy red-berry fruits in the background. Drink from 2020."	Reserva Unoaked	88	22	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta Nova de Nossa Senhora do Carmo 2014 Reserva Unoaked Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta Nova de Nossa Senhora do Carmo
Spain	"The stalky, yeasty aromas on this sparkler are typical for Cava. The mouthfeel is big and a touch flabby, with wheaty, stalky flavors of brined apple and papaya. On the finish, apple and lime flavors are in control, but there's also a streak of haystack and brine that keeps a lid on how good this could be."	Conca del Riu Anoia Barcelona L'hereu	88	23	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Raventós I Blanc 2010 Conca del Riu Anoia Barcelona L'hereu Sparkling (Penedès)	Sparkling Blend	Raventós I Blanc
US	"Waxy floral and lemon skin notes are elegantly subdued on this concentrated semidry Riesling. Juicy on the palate with abundant peach preserve flavors, it finishes moderately long with on a slightly drying, tea inflected note."	Arcturos	85	16	Michigan	Michigan		Anna Lee C. Iijima		Black Star Farms 2010 Arcturos Riesling (Michigan)	Riesling	Black Star Farms
US	"A very good, delicious Chardonnay that's easy to drink, and whose richness suggests shrimp, scallops, lobster and similarly rich fare. Dry and crisp in acidity, it wows with pineapple marmalade, crème brûlée, buttered toast, vanilla, honeysuckle and mineral flavors, brightened with zesty acidity."	Hyde Vineyard	92	55	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Patz & Hall 2007 Hyde Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Patz & Hall
Spain	"This is a full-force wine with a scratchy bouquet and aromas of herbal fruit, vanilla and burnt stems. It's jumpy in the mouth, and not that smooth, with aggressive tannins and baked flavors of raisin, herbs and burnt fruit. On the finish, there's oaky caramel and chocolate along with heat and stewy notes."	Confradia	87	73	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa Primicia 2005 Confradia  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Casa Primicia
US	"This appellation blend shows buttered toast with lemon marmalade on the nose, with a growing sense of tropicality. The palate is plush and smoky, with vanilla and cream flavors cut by just enough citrusy tang to keep it serious."		88	35	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Comartin 2013 Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Comartin
US	"An easy-drinking, tasty Chardonnay at a pretty good price. Shows Central Coast acidity and bright flavors of limes, pineapples and pears, with a touch of sweet oak."		85	12	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Hawk Crest 2007 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Hawk Crest
US	"Beet and plum juice aromas meet with hearty clove and juniper spice on the nose of this bottling from a vineyard located 16 miles from the Pacific Ocean. It's a dark and deep expression on the sip, with blackberry, wet earth and pine-forest flavors, proving quite muscular and manly, with a menthol lift on the finish."	Lindsay's	92	65	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tantara 2015 Lindsay's Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Tantara
Chile	"Big and earthy, with char, savory spice and black fruit aromas. The palate is full and bold, with ripe tannins and delicious flavors of herbs, baked berries, integrated spice and leather. Smooth, long and muscular; made from Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère and Syrah."	Ona	91	15	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Anakena 2008 Ona Red (Rapel Valley)	Red Blend	Anakena
US	"Bay leaf and eucalyptus figure prominently on the nose and palate of this wine, making for an intensely earthy, herbal experience, peppered by forest-floor notes."		85	10	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kirkland Signature 2015 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Kirkland Signature
Italy	"Made with organically grown Sangiovese grapes and without added sulfites, this offers aromas of blackberry, black tea and thyme. The juicy savory palate tastes of blackberry jam, raspberry and clove framed in smooth, supple tannins and fresh acidity. Drink soon to enjoy the succulent fruit flavors."	SoNo	90	15	Central Italy	Romagna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tre Monti 2015 SoNo Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Tre Monti
Portugal	"Portugal's popular brand is a lively, fresh, spice- and dried fruit-flavored wine. There are flavors of pound cake and nutmeg surrounding a core of solid, firm tannins. Great with food, this is not for aging."	Marquês de Borba	87	14	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2007 Marquês de Borba Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
Spain	This fits properly into the brut nature category courtesy of neutral aromas and a direct tightly built palate. Mild citrus and melon flavors lose some clarity on a finish that hints at mealy apple and butter.	Reserva de la Familia	88	15	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de la Concordia 2012 Reserva de la Familia Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Marqués de la Concordia
US	"Rich fruit meets hearty earth on this bottling, with aromas of baked cranberry, candied cherry and pomegranate alongside juniper, forest floor and ginger snap. The fresh berry and pomegranate juice-led palate is enhanced by cinnamon and clove, touched by dried orange-rind bitterness."	Apex Vineyard	93	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Prim Family 2013 Apex Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Prim Family
US	"The aromas of herb, kiwi and citrus are quite light. The tropical flavors are elegant and spritely, tingling the palate with a light effervescence."		86	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"For those who want classically grassy and energetic Sauv Blanc flavors, this widely available bottling is perfect. Aromas of both boisterously tropical fruit and funky cut grass lead into a zingy palate of white pepper, bell pepper, cement and lime."	Flume Crossing	89	14	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	J. Lohr 2014 Flume Crossing Sauvignon Blanc (Arroyo Seco)	Sauvignon Blanc	J. Lohr
Chile	"Toasty oak yields a smoky nose, but the fruit aromas are mild and hidden, showing only basic apple notes. With ample oak, the wine is slightly resiny in feel, with tropical fruit flavors followed by a wave of oak flavor. Ditto on the finish, which feels solid and good."	Clava Coastal Reserve	86	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Quintay 2009 Clava Coastal Reserve Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Quintay
US	"A crowd-pleasing quaffer of a wine, this is tart, with a fresh-squeezed lemon palate that also offers anise, caramel apple and pear. Crisp and dry, it indeed sees no oak—it's pure, with a lasting finish."	Teresa's Unoaked	90	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Balletto 2014 Teresa's Unoaked Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Balletto
US	"This big, bold wine has the taste profile of a Port but is not so sweet or full bodied. Deeper than usual in color, it's concentrated to the point of overripeness in aroma. Rich on the palate with flavors like blackberry syrup and dark chocolate, it should be perfect as an after-dinner wine."	Estate Mae's Block Ravazzi Vineyard	88	32	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Jaxon Keys 2013 Estate Mae's Block Ravazzi Vineyard Zinfandel (Mendocino)	Zinfandel	Jaxon Keys
Italy	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot, this opens earthy aromas of game, ripe black-skinned fruit and scorched earth. The mature palate displays dried black cherry, prune and leather alongside grippy tannins that leave a firm finish."	Vignarè	88	75	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Guicciardini Strozzi 2012 Vignarè Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Guicciardini Strozzi
US	"This wine beautifully blends vivid fruit, enticing spice and luxuriously creamy flavors that are concentrated, layered and complex. It pulls it all off gracefully due to underlying acidity that supports a lush texture and leads to a long finish."	Reserve	92	22	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Lava Cap 2015 Reserve Chardonnay (El Dorado)	Chardonnay	Lava Cap
US	"Soft and supple, this wine aims to please across a wide range of palates, offering mellowed tannins and oak around a layering of plum, cherry and cinnamon."	Vintner's Reserve	86	24	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kendall-Jackson 2014 Vintner's Reserve Merlot (Sonoma County)	Merlot	Kendall-Jackson
US	"Rusack's basic Pinot, with a county-wide appellation, is a bargain, even though it's not cheap. It shows real class and finesse, with an elegant mouthfeel and brisk acidity highlighting cherry, cranberry, licorice and sandalwood flavors. Drink over the next 2–3 years."		91	30	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Rusack 2010 Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Rusack
France	"A fresh orange note dominates the nose of this exuberantly fruity wine. The palate is a fruity little number of more soft orange with hints of quince and pear peel, giving a tangy, textured and slightly earthy edge. The merest touch of residual sugar bolsters the fruit notes and adds extra playfulness. The finish is dry and zesty."	Schoenenbourg Grand Cru	92	45	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Pierre Sparr 2015 Schoenenbourg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Pierre Sparr
Italy	"Very ripe, with earthy aromas of black plum, berry liqueur and bitter chocolate. The mouthfeel is meaty and muscular, but not hard. A wall of moderate tannins builds after a few sips, but the overall feel is still soft. The finish is medium in length, with adequate depth."	Riserva - Don Alberto	88	40	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Le Miccine 1998 Riserva - Don Alberto  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Le Miccine
Italy	"Simple but well made, it opens with a fruit fragrance of peach and golden apple. The palate offers pineapple and banana alongside bright acidity."	È 100 Per Cento Unoaked	85	11	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Orion Wines 2013 È 100 Per Cento Unoaked Chardonnay (Terre Siciliane)	Chardonnay	Orion Wines
France	"This is a very pale rosé from a relatively high elevation site, so it shows ample crispness and elegance. Delicate aromas of herbs and citrus lead into flavors of peach and lime, with a bit of wet stone on the long, refreshing finish. This is well balanced and long, not a simple fruity rosé."	Grenache-Syrah-Cinsault	91	34	Rhône Valley	Ventoux		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Chêne Bleu 2013 Grenache-Syrah-Cinsault Rosé (Ventoux)	Rosé	Chêne Bleu
US	"Offering aromas of sweet peach, this is a round, full Sauvignon Blanc with a pleasant texture. Light in alcohol but rich on the finish, it just begs for shellfish or melted goat cheese salad."	Estate Grown Musqué Clone	89	15	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	LangeTwins 2012 Estate Grown Musqué Clone Sauvignon Blanc (Lodi)	Sauvignon Blanc	LangeTwins
Germany	"Whiffs of nuts, pollen and earth are savory on the nose, but the palate is full of pristine lemon and tangerine flavors. Zesty and refreshing, it has a touch of honey to soften the finish."		87	13	Germany			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Louis Guntrum 2013 Riesling (Germany)	Riesling	Louis Guntrum
Australia	"New oak and ripe fruit blend together to yield complex aromas of baked apples and pears, complete with a pat of melted butter and a dash of cinnamon. Finishes clean, not cloying, with a distinct Granny Smith flavor."	Tintara	87	15	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Hardys 2000 Tintara Chardonnay (South Australia)	Chardonnay	Hardys
Italy	"A pure expression of Syrah from coastal Tuscany, Pieve dei Monaci offers a chewy texture and thick layers of black fruit, prune, cola, spice and smoked bacon. Pair this wine with grilled meat."	Pieve dei Monaci	88	17	Tuscany	Maremma				Pieve Vecchia 2008 Pieve dei Monaci  (Maremma)	Syrah	Pieve Vecchia
US	"Spicy, peppery and still a bit sharp, this Merlot-dominated blend includes fruit from both estate vineyards—Seven Hills and Pepper Bridge. It shows the seamless polish that marks all of Jean-François Pellet's wines. The finish is focused and long, with delicious highlights of cinnamon and dark chocolate."		90	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Pepper Bridge 2009 Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Pepper Bridge
US	"This tiny boutique does well with thick and heavy wines that frequently top 15% alcohol. This sweet, syrupy Syrah is loaded with blueberries, chocolate, licorice and espresso flavors. Nothing shy here, but it delivers a lot of flavor for the price."		88	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Passion Vineyards 2009 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Passion Vineyards
US	"This blend of 87% Grenache, 8% Mourvèdre and 5% Syrah is big, bold and robustly flavored, showing its youth. Juicy cherry and licorice flavors are edged in smoke and tannin. The cinnamon-laced finish is soft and long."	Heritage McGah Vineyard	90	60	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kale 2014 Heritage McGah Vineyard Red (Rutherford)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Kale
US	"Mineral, mulberry, dried herb and black-fruit aromas lead to layered dark-fruit flavors that show intensity as well as exceptional balance. This has a delicious factor that is impossible to ignore."	Arnaut Boushey Vineyard	92	50	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Avennia 2013 Arnaut Boushey Vineyard Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Avennia
US	"Fresh, clean aromas of lime chiffon, just-sliced nectarine, light jasmine and honeysuckle greet the nose on this bottling from the longtime producer. Limestone and chalky minerality mark the palate, with slightly sour green pear peels and more white flowers."		88	22	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Gainey 2013 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Gainey
Italy	"Made with 80% Sangiovese and 20% Syrah, this has aromas of red berry and green tea leaf. The scents carry over to the fresh palate, along with black currant, cinnamon and white pepper. Supple tannins support the juicy flavors."		88	22	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ziobaffa 2015 Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Ziobaffa
Italy	"Underbrush, leather, black pepper, clove and leather lead the nose on this brawny wine. The spicy palate offers allspice, anisette, concentrated black cherry and juicy raspberry alongside strapping tannins. It's one-dimensional but savory. Enjoy through 2015."	Tirso	88	27	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Le Prata 2012 Tirso  (Rosso di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Villa Le Prata
US	"This wine is made from a collection of vineyards dotted along mountainous ridge lines and benchlands, most of these spots along the Mayacamas Mountains. Winemaker Randy Ullom captures a classic character of dried sage, cedar and pencil shavings here, supporting the savory with bright acidity and a strong presence of tannin. This wine could stand more time in the bottle before enjoying; its youthful grip doesn't go without notice."		90	38	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jackson Estate 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jackson Estate
Spain	"Hailing from a warm year, this wine is still a brute. Smoky, rubbery aromas of cassis and strawberry vascilate between ripe and candied. This is full-volume, even pushy, on the palate, with blazing acidity and rocky, spicy, peppery berry flavors. Let this rest at least another five years; revisit in 2019–2020."	Imperial Gran Reserva	90	60	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	CVNE 2005 Imperial Gran Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	CVNE
France	"Freshly cut pear peel and Egremont Russet apples give a textured, pleasantly bitter edge to the opulent and plump pear on the palate. There is balance and earthiness, too, and brightening acidity on the medium-sweet finish."	Trois Chateaux	89	29	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Kuentz-Bas 2013 Trois Chateaux Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Kuentz-Bas
Germany	"Whiffs of hazelnut and raspberry introduce this dry Blanc de Noir, a white wine made from Pinot Noir grapes. Red berry flavors on the palate run a touch ruddy, but vibrant acidity brightens the finish. Drink now."	Rüdesheim Blanc de Noirs Trocken	85	16	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Carl Ehrhard 2015 Rüdesheim Blanc de Noirs Trocken Pinot Noir (Rheingau)	Pinot Noir	Carl Ehrhard
Chile	"Sort of heavy, with touches of baked corn and hay. But it also has nice baked apple flavors and pretty good oak. On the finish, there's vanilla, almond, citrus and apple, and then very late comes hazelnut and even more vanilla. Drink now; it's not going to last much longer."	Amelia	88	35	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2005 Amelia Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Concha y Toro
US	This quaffer has a touch of sweetness and plump tropical-fruit flavors. It's not too serious but goes down easy.		85	9	America			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ste. Chapelle NV Chardonnay (America)	Chardonnay	Ste. Chapelle
US	"A sound, everyday Cab, good for downing with beef. Dry and tannic, it shows flavors of blackberries, currants, herbs and oak. Drink now."		84	13	California	North Coast	North Coast			Cartlidge & Browne 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (North Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cartlidge & Browne
US	"This medium-bodied wine is like a liquid fruit bowl, pouring out apple, melon, peach and banana flavors that taste almost sweet. It has a broad mouthfilling texture, a rather soft balance and a lingering fruity finish."	Mama Mia Estate Grown	86	24	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Naggiar 2016 Mama Mia Estate Grown White (Sierra Foothills)	White Blend	Naggiar
France	"Produced by the winemaking team from Château la Gaffelière in Saint-Emilion, this is a fine, smooth and ripe wine. It has black fruits and a structure that is well integrated into the rich wood and acidity. Drink this fine wine from 2018."	Château Chapelle d'Aliénor	90	20	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Gaffelière 2014 Château Chapelle d'Aliénor  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Gaffelière
US	"This very rich, unctuous Syrah is immature and not especially subtle at this time. It's acidic and gooey in jammy blackberries and cherries and milk chocolate, with obvious oak influences. The idea seems to be ageworthiness, but that's a gamble. Could surprise."	Ulises Valdez Vineyard	87	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Vice Versa 2005 Ulises Valdez Vineyard Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Vice Versa
US	"A blend of fruit from Sea Shell and Shoemaker vineyards on Paso's Eastside, this blends black cherry aromas with pungent cigar box and toasted sage. It's lively on the palate, with acidic flare and a nice tannic structure. The red fruit and dark spice flavors culminate in an uplifting, anise-flecked finish."	The Jetty	88	21	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pali 2012 The Jetty Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Pali
US	"Smoky funkiness permeates this wine, which is lean on the palate and mushy in terms of structure. Cherry and pepper are the most distinguishable characteristics before the quick finish."		84	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Stephen Vincent 2012 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Stephen Vincent
France	"Grapefruit and other citrus fruits come through the rich fruit. There is power and crispness here, along with a sense of structure from the mineral, flinty character that underlies the fruit. Hold for for 3–4 years."	Montée de Tonnerre Premier Cru	92	32	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Simonnet-Febvre 2005 Montée de Tonnerre Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Simonnet-Febvre
US	"Smells funky, with forest floor, humus and mushroom aromas mingling with riper scents of wild berries and sweet oak. The fruity flavors are well developed, and drink sweetlyripe, yet the wine has a one-dimensionality and is excessively soft. —S.H."		85	23	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Sunset 1999 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Sunset
US	"This is the winery's flagship wine, the one that made it famous decades ago. It hasn't changed much over the years. It's still tannic and austere in youth, requiring many years to develop. But it's a cellar guarantee, with a wealth of concentrated cassis and cedar flavors that are just waiting for those tannins to drop out. Best after 2010."		92	70	California	Stags Leap District	Napa			Clos du Val 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Clos du Val
US	"This bottling, which blends 15% Barbera, shows smoy cranberry and baked raspberry scents, accented with beef jerky. The smoke persists into the palate, where ripe red fruit meets with salted caramel and vanilla flavors. It's an easy wine to enjoy."		88	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Niner 2014 Sangiovese (Paso Robles)	Sangiovese	Niner
New Zealand	"This is a very drinkable, plump wine probably best served as an apéritif. Hints of pear and honey mark the nose, while the palate blends in hints of allspice, cinnamon and clove. It tastes slightly off dry, but finishes with zesty acids that offer plenty of refreshment."		87	16	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Yealands 2014 Pinot Gris (Marlborough)	Pinot Gris	Yealands
Spain	"Clean, pleasant aromas suggest homemade applesauce. This is more fresh and fruity than weighty and yeasty. Slightly bitter, dry lime flavors are offset by sweeter pear and apple notes, while a lemon-lime flavor drives the finish."	Milesimé Brut Reserva	89	22	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps 2012 Milesimé Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Juvé y Camps
Italy	"Spiced plum and oak aromas lead the nose of this firm red. The palate is lean, offering sour cherry, vanilla, sage and coconut notes over a frame of astringent tannins."		87	33	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Talosa 2013  Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Talosa
France	"The first things to notice are the tannins with a strongly dry core. This wine is dark, dense and concentrated, still allowing red fruits and acidity to give freshness. It is a big, juicy wine with a great future. Drink from 2020."	Procès Premier Cru	94	117	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2012 Procès Premier Cru  (Nuits-St.-Georges)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Drouhin
Chile	"Clean but modest raspberry aromas set up a wiry palate. This tastes of tart plum, tomato and herbs. A minty green note rises up on a snappy palate that includes a touch of oak."	Reserva Estate Bottled	84	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilensis 2015 Reserva Estate Bottled Pinot Noir (Maule Valley)	Pinot Noir	Chilensis
US	"A beautiful Chardonnay that shows ripe, long hangtime fruit flavors of pineapples, apricots, peaches and papayas, offset with clean acidity. Shows a touch of oak. Will satisfy Chard fans, and is super food-friendly with grilled salmon, shrimp, scallops."	October Night	91	25	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			J. Lohr 2007 October Night Chardonnay (Arroyo Seco)	Chardonnay	J. Lohr
US	"This is your everyday Cab, dry and tannic, but with rich, ripe black currant and cassis flavors that lead to the long finish. Drink now, but you'll want to decant it for a few hours."		88	23	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Magness 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Magness
US	"This is an eye-opening wine that shows how good Cabernet from the Sierra Foothills can be. Beautiful deep black cherry and cassis aromas lead to broad generous flavors that instantly expand across the palate and accompany a moderately tannic, elegant texture. Hints of black fig, cedar and mint surround the concentrated fruit core, adding to the wine's complexity."		93	20	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Omen 2016 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sierra Foothills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Omen
Italy	"Sweet aromas of cherry, blueberry, cinnamon and nutmeg appear at first but slowly give way to more complex aromas of toasted almond, cola and cedar. You'll enjoy the smoothness and suppleness of this Merlot that would pair with milk-marinated pork or sweet barbecue baby back ribs."	Il Tesoro	91	43	Tuscany	Toscana				Terrabianca 2006 Il Tesoro Merlot (Toscana)	Merlot	Terrabianca
US	"A big-boy Syrah named for the producer's daughter, this is a jammy, juicy, brown sugar and maple syrup kind of Syrah, with a great peppery nose and a lot of bacon fat flavors intermingled among the soft tannins."	Farrah	86	20	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Klinker Brick 2009 Farrah Syrah (Lodi)	Syrah	Klinker Brick
Chile	"This is a powerful Cabernet comprised of all the key players. The nose is oaky, with coconut and vanilla aromas alongside fast and furious spiced berry scents. A meter-pushing palate tastes of spiced cherry, blackberry, herbs and chocolate, while the finish simmers with coffee and mocha notes. Drink through 2020."	Max Reserva	92	20	Aconcagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2013 Max Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Aconcagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Errazuriz
US	"Lots of acidity in this wine. It cuts right through the middle, giving the cherry fruit a sour candy tartness. Not one for the cellar, so drink it now with a rich steak, which will balance out the acids and tannins."	Three Vineyards	88	45	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Carr 2009 Three Vineyards Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Carr
Austria	"This feisty, fragrant blend unites the citrus zestiness of Riesling and the herbal savor of Grüner Veltliner. The palate is light and bright but gently spiced, with Grüner's toothsome texture. Fresh, easy-drinking and ideal for summer."	Blanc	89	19	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Tinhof 2016 Blanc White (Burgenland)	White Blend	Tinhof
France	"Just off dry, this is a smooth, attractively fruity wine that has a light touch of perfume. The acidity keeps the freshness level up, producing a wine that's easy to drink now. Screwcap."	Edelzwicker	85	15	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wolfberger 2011 Edelzwicker White (Alsace)	White Blend	Wolfberger
US	"A hearty addition of 16% Semillon is in this white, which is floral with peach and apricot. Fleshy plushness dominates alongside a simple layering of acidity that keeps it balanced, taking on further fruit components of tropical pineapple and mango."		86	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Duckhorn 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Duckhorn
US	"Forward and fruity, this is a solid, drink any time Chardonnay. It's built in a blocky chunky mode, but some sleek lime flavors put a polished edge on the underlying acids."		88	26	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dobbes Family Estate 2013 Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Dobbes Family Estate
Spain	"Hot, tarry aromas of plum and berry rank as gritty and rough. Clampy, jagged tannins make for a tough mouthfeel, while a mix of herbal and jammy red-berry flavors turn salty before finishing with rubbery tannins. Drink through 2023."	Selectus	88	70	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aljibes 2010 Selectus Red (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Red Blend	Aljibes
US	"Small production (one barrel!) single-vineyard Pinots are challenging, as there is no wiggle room via blending. This comes out crisp and focused, with light cherry fruit and ample flavors of tea, herb and leaf."	Sunny Mountain Vineyard	89	52	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Love & Squalor 2014 Sunny Mountain Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Love & Squalor
US	"This wine is straightforward in approach and uncomplicated in its light-bodied gathering of cola, pine forest and tea notes."	Estate	85	32	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peter Cellars 2014 Estate Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Peter Cellars
US	"Pear, melon and white peach aromas are followed by rounded tropical-fruit flavors that drink off dry. It's enjoyable but the sugar seems a bit out of place."		86	12	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Lone Birch 2014 Pinot Gris (Yakima Valley)	Pinot Gris	Lone Birch
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese and Merlot, this delightful red has fruity aromas of wild berry and plum. The easy-drinking palate offers black cherry and a spicy note of clove alongside polished tannins. It's made to be drunk young, so enjoy soon."	Castiglioni	87	16	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Marchesi de' Frescobaldi 2015 Castiglioni  (Chianti)	Red Blend	Marchesi de' Frescobaldi
US	"With 20% Petite Sirah blended in and aged in a mixture of American, French and European oak, barrel notes of vanilla and sweet spices play nicely against plump, jammy red fruit aromas and flavors, with the oak leading the way on the finish."	StoneTree Vineyard	88	25	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Knight Hill 2010 StoneTree Vineyard Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	Knight Hill
US	"Lightly aromatic, it offers notes of pencil shavings, dark fruit, coffee and pepper. It's medium bodied with a lower alcohol feel and abundant coffee flavors backed by gritty tannins."	Prayer Rock Vineyards Winemaker's Reserve	87	39	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Reustle 2012 Prayer Rock Vineyards Winemaker's Reserve Syrah (Umpqua Valley)	Syrah	Reustle
France	"This wine is dense, ripe and full of rich apricot and peach flavors, with a line of crisp lemon and a background of toast. Full in the mouth, this generous wine will be ready to drink from 2017. It comes Louis Max domaine vineyards in and around Mercurey."	Les Rochelles	90	65	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Max 2014 Les Rochelles  (Mercurey)	Chardonnay	Louis Max
US	"A lovely Cabernet, rich and pure and quite frankly delicious. Although it shows those famous mountain tannins, they're softly refined and entirely drinkable now, letting the blackberry, chocolate, violet and mineral flavors come through."	Lot 146	92	22	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			Cameron Hughes 2006 Lot 146 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cameron Hughes
US	"Too soft in structure, and sweet, too, like berry fruit concentrate. Fans of sweet, simple red wines will like this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Zinfandel."	Brooster Fighting Red	83	18	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Pomar Junction 2010 Brooster Fighting Red Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Pomar Junction
Germany	"Piercing lemon and lime notes are offset by juicy peach and pear flavors in this fresh, easy-drinking Riesling. Off dry in style, it's fruity and forward, with a crisp, refreshing finish."	Thomas Schmitt Private Collection Estate Bottled Spätlese	87	17	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Schmitt Söhne 2013 Thomas Schmitt Private Collection Estate Bottled Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Schmitt Söhne
France	"At this stage, this wine still shows considerable wood flavors. As it develops, its rich pear and peach fruit will come more to the fore along with the crisp edge of acidity and citrus. The texture, with its mineral edge, will allow this single-parcel wine to develop well. Drink from 2018."	Les Clous	92	69	Burgundy	Meursault		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter 2014 Les Clous  (Meursault)	Chardonnay	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter
US	"This full-bodied, tannic Cabernet features a simple delivery of ripe blackberries, cherries and sweet red currants. Pair it with everyday fare."		85	17	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Maddalena 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Maddalena
US	"This substantive Pinot shows definite toasted oak character along with ripe fruit, full body and firm tannins. Hints of oak smoke and caramel waft over the ripe plum aromas. The flavors go to dark cherries and coffee, the texture is attractively astringent from tannins, and the finish carries a little bite. Well done but not overdone."	Outland Ridge	91	35	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Kendall-Jackson 2012 Outland Ridge Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kendall-Jackson
US	"This is a simple, sweetly fruity wine, more Shiraz than Syrah, with jammy blackberry and blueberry flavors. Napa brings ripeness, while Monterey brings acidity. Drink up."		83	20	California	Monterey County-Napa County	Central Coast			Stickybeak 2010 Syrah (Monterey County-Napa County)	Syrah	Stickybeak
Italy	"This opens with aromas of toasted oak, roasted coffee bean and a whiff of sawdust. The bracing palate offers dried cherry, espresso and mocha alongside astringent tannins. Give the tannins another year or two to unwind then drink to capture the remaining fruit."	Ginestra	87	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Diego Conterno 2012 Ginestra  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Diego Conterno
Argentina	"Fiery berry aromas come across sort of rough and scratchy. The palate is softer and more creamy, with vanilla, berry and pepper flavors. Finishes toasty and peppery, albeit slightly bitter."		84	17	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Medanos 2009 Tempranillo (Mendoza)	Tempranillo	Medanos
US	"Made from 47% Primitivo, 29% Zinfandel, 16% Syrah and 8% Petite Sirah, this offers a complex nose that mixes sanguine elements of iron, tar and black rocks with smoked meats. The palate is plush and smoky with decent grip, culminating with a bit of creosote funk on the finish."	Holystone	89	28	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sextant 2012 Holystone Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Sextant
France	"An earthy hint comes with the bright lemon flavors of this dry, tart wine. The palate reveals a glimpse of riper fruit but lime freshness rules. It finishes totally clean."	Tradition	87	23	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Vieil Armand 2015 Tradition Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Vieil Armand
Italy	"Paolo Manzone is a producer based in Serralunga d'Alba and this flagship Barolo delivers elegant aromas of small berry fruit, cola and licorice. This tight, streamlined wine boasts crisp acidity and a nutty, toasted finish."	Serralunga	90	60	Piedmont	Barolo				Paolo Manzone 2007 Serralunga  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Paolo Manzone
US	"This is Ferrari-Carano's most upscale wine, a blend comprised of all five of the famous Bordeaux varieties. It's as lush and intricate as almost anything out of Napa, with sumptuous blackberry, black currant and cedar flavors. The giveaway that it's Sonoma comes in the herbaceousness and slightly greener tannins. Now–2013."	Tresor	94	58	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Ferrari-Carano 2006 Tresor Red (Sonoma County)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Ferrari-Carano
US	"Light strawberry fruit with tart acidity carries a wine of modest proportions. It's drinking well, and might be a good choice for a simple salmon preparation, as it would not overwhelm the fish. The finishing tannins have a definite herbal flavor."	Nuthouse	88	50	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Argyle 2014 Nuthouse Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Argyle
US	"Wild blackberry fruit and savory, dried-leaf highlights take hold here. The tannins are drying, tea-like, and there's a pleasant, earthy note carrying into the finish. The wine is 60% estate fruits, and spent nine months in 30% new French oak."		88	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bryn Mawr Vineyards 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bryn Mawr Vineyards
Italy	"A blend of Pinot Bianco, Chardonnay and Picolit, this offers muted scents of wildflower, toasted oak and orchard fruit. The palate offers oak-driven vanilla, butterscotch, candied nectarine and yellow apple skin."	Illivio	88	35	Northeastern Italy	Friuli Colli Orientali		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Livio Felluga 2013 Illivio White (Friuli Colli Orientali)	White Blend	Livio Felluga
Argentina	"Cherry, blackberry and cassis aromas are full and friendly, with notes of prune and chocolate seeping through. This feels flush, with lively acidity that keeps things cranking in the right direction. Ripe blackberry and fig flavors finish with composure."		89	16	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Durigutti 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Durigutti
France	"The mix of tannic texture, perfumed strawberries and tight acidity in this wine works well. The wine is tight, steely and offers raspberry and red-currant flavors. Drink from the end of 2016."	Rosé de Bonnet	87	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignobles André Lurton 2015 Rosé de Bonnet Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Vignobles André Lurton
Argentina	"Sappy volatile berry and plum aromas lead to sharp citric palate. This tastes of sour plum and herbs, while oaky spice and clove notes rise up on the finish."	Elsa Bianchi	83	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2015 Elsa Bianchi Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Valentin Bianchi
France	"With light spiciness, this is a full-bodied wine, dominated by tropical fruits. It is rich, rounded, soft, with touches of honey."		87	18	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean Albrecht 2010 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Jean Albrecht
Chile	"Green and vegetal in aromas and flavors. The nose deals pea, green bean and asparagus tempered by lime and melon. The palate has weight and a mix of green, grassy flavors as well as apple, lime and pineapple. A jalapeño-like burn is prominent on the finish. Definitely a cool-climate SB."	Indo	84	11	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Anakena 2010 Indo Sauvignon Blanc (San Antonio)	Sauvignon Blanc	Anakena
Italy	"This opens with earthy aromas of underbrush, game, scorched earth, sweat and ripe dark fruit. The chewy palate delivers juicy wild cherry, star anise and grilled herb framed in solid tannins."		90	30	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Prunotto 2012  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Prunotto
Italy	"Aromas of citrus, orchard fruit and a subtle whiff of toast lead the nose on this delightful sparkler. The straightforward palate shows yellow apple skin, bitter walnut and a note of baked bread alongside firm, vivacious bubbles."	Cuvée Prestige Metodo Classico	89	40	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ca' del Bosco NV Cuvée Prestige Metodo Classico Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Ca' del Bosco
Italy	"This opens with aromas of red berry, coffee bean and toast aromas. The palate offers up tart sour cherry, espresso and chopped sage alongside tightly packed, astringent tannins."	Gallina	87	54	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Prinsi 2012 Gallina  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Prinsi
Australia	"Give this wine a few minutes to open up, and once it does it's a lovely example of cool climate Chardonnay. Subtle notes of ripe lemon, stone fruit, butter, and smoke lead into a slippery textured, medium-weighted palate. More lemon and stone fruit mark the flavors, and toast and smoke show on the finish."		90	25	South Australia	Adelaide Hills				Bird in Hand 2015 Chardonnay (Adelaide Hills)	Chardonnay	Bird in Hand
US	"The components of this blend change every year, and this vintage of 93% Syrah, 4% Malbec and 3% Petit Verdot shows black cherry paste, crushed purple flowers and vanilla. Juicy blueberry and blackberry decorate the lavish palate, which is lifted by thyme and mint herbs."	Renegade	93	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Ancient Peaks 2013 Renegade Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Ancient Peaks
US	"Freshly cut pear and tropical aromas lead to medium-bodied flavors. The style is clean and well made, with the concentration dipping a bit at times."	Grand Estates	85	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Crest 2014 Grand Estates Pinot Gris (Columbia Valley (WA))	Pinot Gris	Columbia Crest
Italy	"Balanced and harmonious, Marabino's pretty Sicilian Chardonnay delivers stone fruit, jasmine, peach blossom and lingering tones of exotic fruit that give the wine length and persistency. The mouthfeel is lean and fresh and would pair with most seafood-based dishes."	Èureka	87	28	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Marabino 2007 Èureka Chardonnay (Sicilia)	Chardonnay	Marabino
Spain	"This is mulchy on the nose, with a compost aroma muddling up the red-fruit component. It feels lean and scouring, with cranberry, tart raspberry and vanilla flavors. The finish is fragmented and stalky."		83	13	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ramón Bilbao 2009  Rioja	Tempranillo	Ramón Bilbao
US	"Sweetly ripe and oaky, with pineapple marmalade, lemon custard, vanilla and smoky meringue flavors. The alcohol is a refreshingly low 13.9%."		87	24	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Girard 2007 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Girard
New Zealand	"A rich, full-bodied Riesling that's soft on the outside, but whose inner core of acids comes through on the powerful citrus-and-spice finish. Starts off with apple blossom, peach and guava aromatics that give way to ripe apple and pear flavors, layered with dried spices. Tastes good now but don't be afraid to age it—it should last easily through 2008."	Cellar Selection	91	22	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Villa Maria 2001 Cellar Selection Riesling (Marlborough)	Riesling	Villa Maria
US	"From an almost centenarian vineyard planted to mixed varieties, this has juicy core of cherry and blackberry fruit. An undercurrent of Asian spice and white pepper shows through, finishing on a minty chocolate note."	Carlisle Vineyard	90	47	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Carlisle 2014 Carlisle Vineyard Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Carlisle
US	"Cherry jam notes are bright on the nose, showing sawdust and menthol tones in the background. A smooth palate with little tannic grip is driven by juicy red currant, accented by a sprinkling of black pepper."		86	25	Virginia	Virginia		Alexander Peartree		The Boneyard 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Virginia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	The Boneyard
US	"This winery has been making rosé for more than two decades, and nails the recipe especially well this vintage. The brilliant salmon-pink wine shows watermelon, light red cherry and a stony quality on the nose, while the grippy palate engages from the get-go with red plum, riverstone and gravel on the tip of the sip. Strawberry flavors carry through the strong acidity, and the finish is all about texture."	Z Gris	91	20	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2016 Z Gris Rosé (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rosé	Zaca Mesa
US	"Here's a soft, lushly delicious wine to drink now with steak, veal, pork, chicken or just about anything that wants a dry, medium-bodied red wine. It's rich in berry, currant, tobacco, spice and cedar flavors, and possesses that hard to define quality of finesse."	Coure di Vigne	87	35	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Le Vigne di Domenico 2007 Coure di Vigne Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Le Vigne di Domenico
Germany	"Dusty mineral and herbaceous green notes juxtapose curiously with slightly overripe apple and peach flavors on the palate of this dry Riesling. Soft tangerine acidity lends a sunny, refreshing tone on the finish."	Trocken	86	30	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Baron Knyphausen 2012 Trocken Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Baron Knyphausen
Spain	"A potent brew of raisin, blackberry, minerality and leather comes together to form a bold, very ripe bouquet. The palate is chunky and forward, with beefy tannins and full-force flavors of blackberry, black peppercorn and toast. A huge and massive wine with a sweet, toasty, ripe and candied finish. Drink now through 2014."	Finca La Planeta	92	54	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Celler Pasanau 2006 Finca La Planeta Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Celler Pasanau
US	"Made from 100% Cabernet grown in a hilly part of the valley, this wine is tight and dry in tannins. It's so astringent, it's nearly impossible to enjoy now. Yet it's extraordinarily rich and explosive in blackberry tart, black cherry pie and cassis flavors, and feels dramatic in the mouth. Should easily improve over the next decade. Hold until 2013."	Rockaway	94	75	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Rodney Strong 2007 Rockaway Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rodney Strong
France	"Showing the typical power of Corton-Charlemagne, this is a classic wine that offers full-on fruit allied to a strong wood element. It is rich and bold, flavored with white fruits, apricots, almonds and spice. While it is drinkable now, it would certainly repay cellaring for 3–4 years."		93	130	Burgundy	Corton-Charlemagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison Champy 2006  Corton-Charlemagne	Chardonnay	Maison Champy
US	"Juicy red fruit that flirts in cherry and vanilla opens this complex, florally aromatic wine from the Rudd Vineyard on Mount Veeder. Thick, integrated tannins support a concentrated structure, marked by herb and cedar, finishing dry and lean."		88	60	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peter Paul Wines 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Peter Paul Wines
US	"Shows brilliantly crisp acidity giving a jammy brightness to the pineapple, lemon and lime fruit flavors, and the finish is totally dry. Not particularly complex, but an easy-drinking Chardonnay."		87	24	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Casa de la Cruz 2009 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Casa de la Cruz
US	"With its slightly sweet orange, pear, green apple, honeysuckle and vanilla flavors, this will appeal to the Moscato-sipping crowd. The bubbles make for easy fun. A blend of Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Muscat, Riesling and Gewürztraminer."	Ca' Secco	85	18	California	California	California Other			Ca' Momi NV Ca' Secco Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Ca' Momi
US	"The producer's flagship high-end sparkler starts with 52% Pinot Noir, adding in 48% Chardonnay, a touch of residual sugar (10 g/L) and 44 months in bottle. Peach and cherry take on candied flavors in the glass, adding an opulence to the leaner notes of tart orange and grapefruit. Round and smooth on the palate, it's enjoyable now."	DVX Rosé	91	70	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mumm Napa 2009 DVX Rosé Sparkling (Napa Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Mumm Napa
US	"From estate grapes aged nine months in 100% new French oak, this features toasted wood that speaks in hushed undertones beneath a wealth of tangy stone fruit, baked pear and pineapple. Enjoyable now, it has a voluptuous richness on the midpalate that meets more nuanced acidity as it washes down."	Estate Grown Cave Fermented	94	68	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jarvis 2014 Estate Grown Cave Fermented Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Jarvis
Chile	"The nose is a bit prickly and jumpy, with a candied red-fruit aroma. On the palate, there's some grab and stickiness along with flavors of mint, woo-driven spice and berry fruit. It loses some character on the finish."		84	8	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sombras del Sol 2011 Merlot (Colchagua Valley)	Merlot	Sombras del Sol
US	"Fruity, with pie-filling flavors of blackberries and cherries. Soft, too, with gentle tannins. It's a wine to drink now."		86	30	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Magistrate 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Magistrate
Argentina	"Smoky, spicy aromas are highly wood-driven, which creates hickory and campfire scents rather than discernible fruit. This feels a touch sticky and soupy, while baked, woody berry, black plum and cassis flavors are charred prior to a spicy, chunky finish."	Limestone Block	87	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TintoNegro 2014 Limestone Block Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	TintoNegro
US	"Heady in alcohol and dense in tannins, this Syrah has a mouth-filling richness of blackberry jam, plums, dark chocolate and pepper. It's absolutely delicious. A bit too soft for aging, so drink up."		88	30	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Sutcliffe 2010 Syrah (Sonoma Valley)	Syrah	Sutcliffe
Italy	"This opens with red berry aromas and unusual whiffs of crushed dill and celery. Those green notes carry over to the taut, lean palate, with raw cherry, cranberry and clove. Bracing, tightly wound tannins and firm acidity provide the backbone."		88	45	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Parusso 2013  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Parusso
US	"Nottingham Cellars' blend of Petite Sirah, Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Syrah, all from the 2009, 2010 and 2011 vintages, is an interesting experiment in blending and makes for a fine, earthy, brooding wine. With so much chewy cranberry-dominated flavor, this is a good food wine, especially for early spring fare."	AlphaRed Lot III	87	24	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Nottingham Cellars NV AlphaRed Lot III Red (Central Coast)	Red Blend	Nottingham Cellars
US	"Judicious use of new oak meets gorgeous fruit flavors in this generous, warm and softly tannic wine. It's undeniably delicious, broad and satisfying in texture and almost viscous in mouthfeel. Enjoy it now through 2023."	Le Grand Pere Estate Reserve	91	46	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Naggiar 2012 Le Grand Pere Estate Reserve Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Naggiar
France	"Situated outside Listrac, this estate has produced a soft, unfocused wine. It has tannins and gentle fruitiness and acidity. Drink from 2017."		85	28	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Lauzette 2013  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Lauzette
Germany	Soft and sweet. Opens with pretty peach and cherry scents that give way to pear flavors in the mouth. There isn't much intensity or length here but this is a fine choice for quaffing on casual occasions.	Rosé	82	10	Germany					Henkell NV Rosé Sparkling (Germany)	Sparkling Blend	Henkell
US	"From a well-known vineyard in the heart of the appellation, this full-bodied, fulsome wine opens in a blur of buttercream and butter, before allowing for concentrated seasonings of ginger, nutmeg and preserved lemon to appear. Let it open for the full effect."	Poseidon Vineyard Limited Release	89	35	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Stallion 2014 Poseidon Vineyard Limited Release Chardonnay (Los Carneros)	Chardonnay	Black Stallion
Georgia	"Deep blush in the glass, this wine has aromas of white peach and rose petal. It is full in the mouth, with flavors of nectarine, clementine and lavender. Soft floral notes enhance the bright finish."	Compass	86	12	Kakheti			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Schuchmann Wines 2015 Compass Rosé (Kakheti)	Rosé	Schuchmann Wines
France	"It's fading a bit at the rim, but it's a treat to know that mature releases like this are in the market. Age has mellowed its tannins to silky smoothness, while the aromas and flavors resemble thyme blossoms, cherries and leather. Hints of herbal tea and mocha linger elegantly on the finish. Drink now–2022."	Bel Air	92	24	Rhône Valley			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	L'Amandine 2011 Bel Air Red	Rhône-style Red Blend	L'Amandine
Australia	"Simple melon and vanilla aromas and flavors in a lightweight wine. It'll go fine with carryout rotisserie chicken on a busy weeknight, when something else might be overkill."		83	7	Australia Other	Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cockatoo Ridge 2000 Chardonnay (Australia)	Chardonnay	Cockatoo Ridge
US	"Tobacco, earth, sage and pencil notes contribute inviting character to this full-bodied, structured red. Softly layered and rounded on the palate, it offers moderate complexity and a grippy, leathery finish."	Reserve	90	95	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frank Family 2014 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frank Family
US	"Celebrity chef Florence, in partnership with Rob Mondavi, from Folio Fine Wine Partners, has crafted this delicious, zesty Sauvignon Blanc. It's so rich in kiwi, lime, tangerine, wildflower, vanilla and mineral flavors, it's practically a food group in itself, but bright acidity grounds and balances it. Great job at a good price."	Blend #4	90	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Tyler Florence 2009 Blend #4 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tyler Florence
US	"A fresh array of boysenberry, black raspberry, white pepper, crushed violet and dried lavender show on the nose of this bottling by Michael Larner. It's a very lively wine on the sip, with more boysenberry and black pepper as well as crushed lilac character."	Elemental	93	36	California	Ballard Canyon	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Larner 2012 Elemental Red (Ballard Canyon)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Larner
US	"Produced from bled-off Pinot Noir juice, this is a robust, high alcohol rosé. It was put through partial malolactic fermentation and offers candy strawberry flavors up front, without much depth."	Perrydale Hills Vineyard Pinot Noir	86	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Samuel Robert 2016 Perrydale Hills Vineyard Pinot Noir Rosé (Willamette Valley)	Rosé	Samuel Robert
US	A Zin of high-toned red raspberry and blackberry fruit and dark plum that segues quickly into oaky toast tastes.	Old Vine	85	16	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rail2Rail 2011 Old Vine Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Rail2Rail
Israel	"Dark red violet in color, this wine offers a nose of black cherry, brambles and violet. Teamwork between fruit and cool herb flavors is evident amid notes of red cherry, toffee, fennel bulb and mint. Mouth-coating tannins give way to a zest-laden finish."		91	17	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Recanati 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Recanati
Spain	"Overall this Callet-led blend might exceed its more oaked, richer brother known as Son Negre. Àn has a rooty, oak-driven nose with hints of herbs and tobacco, while the palate is dark and tasty, with blackberry, cherry and cured meat flavors. Finishes with pepper and a lash of leftover oak that hopefully will disappear as the wine ages. Drink now through 2012."	Àn	89	53	Spanish Islands	Vi de la Terra Illes Balears		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ànima Negra 2004 Àn Red (Vi de la Terra Illes Balears)	Red Blend	Ànima Negra
US	"There's an uneasy mix of aromas of berry, green olive, herbs and tire rubber on this wine. The flavors seem light and dilute."		82	9	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Washington Hills 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Washington)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Washington Hills
France	"Initially youthfully crisp and herbaceous, the wine then broadens into riper more yellow-fruit flavors. That gives it richness and weight that balance with the grapefruit and lemon-juice freshness. Give this fine wine a year to meld together"		90	29	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Seguin 2011  Pouilly-Fumé	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Seguin
Italy	"This opens with bold intensity and delicate background tones of dried cassis, cola, licorice and cedar. It's a dry but exceedingly delicate wine with a fine texture and polished tannins."		91	53	Piedmont	Barolo				Prunotto 2008  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Prunotto
US	"Another nice effort from McGrail, a Cab from their estate vineyards that shows dark plum, vanilla and tobacco and a soft roundness, all around its tannins crying out for red meat."	Reserve	88	36	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	McGrail 2008 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Livermore Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	McGrail
US	"The official alcohol is under 14%, but the wine smells and tastes like Port. It has a burnt, caramelized taste of baked fruit, and is tannicly astringent."	Tombs Creek Vineyard	80	29	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Tin Barn 2003 Tombs Creek Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tin Barn
France	"With a color that would do a Provence rosé proud, this Pinot Noir-based wine from Sancerre and neighboring vineyards is fragrant, deliciously crisp and with a tight, mineral character. Drink now."	Petit Bourgeois	87	13	Loire Valley	Val de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2014 Petit Bourgeois Rosé (Val de Loire)	Rosé	Henri Bourgeois
Italy	"This wine begins with aromas that recall red peppers, black berries and spice with a whiff of grilled sage. The palate offers ripe black cherry and plum accented with white pepper and cinnamon-spice and thyme. It still has youthful, aggressive tannins that need a few more years to soften. Drink 2016–2021."	Riserva	89	29	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Carpineto 2009 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Carpineto
US	"Quite a solid deal from an expert Zin house, this wine shows aromas of candied cherry and pomegranate, with cinnamon, a hint of tar and a little crushed espresso bean. Dried blueberries enliven the palate, along with mineral tones and more cinnamon-based baking spice."	Westside	88	22	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Peachy Canyon 2013 Westside Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Peachy Canyon
US	"A common wine, slightly sweet and simple in construction, showing jammy flavors of raspberries and cherries. Finishes somewhat bitter, with green tannins."	North Peyton Block	82	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Parkers Estate 2008 North Peyton Block Merlot (Sonoma County)	Merlot	Parkers Estate
New Zealand	"This bargain Sauvignon is leafy and intense on the nose, with fig, ripe citrus and herbal overtones on the palate. It's plump and round, and decently concentrated for the price."		88	13	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Yealands 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Yealands
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, this shows sun-ripened fruit aromas of cherry, prune, blackberry and plum. Spicy toasted notes appear on the finish, giving the wine richness and softness."	Ornello	88	17	Tuscany	Maremma Toscana				Rocca di Frassinello 2009 Ornello  (Maremma Toscana)	Red Blend	Rocca di Frassinello
US	"Easily as good as Chardonnays costing two or three times as much, this is a great value, and with production at 12,000 cases, it should be fairly easy to find. It's rich in orange, apricot and buttered toast flavors, with balancing acidity and a dry finish."		88	13	California	California	California Other			Leese-Fitch 2010 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Leese-Fitch
US	"Some raspberry fruit in the aroma, but things turn rapidly earthy and herbal, suggesting dried tomato, rhubarb and oregano. The flavors are simple and uninspiring. Soft, mild, rustic and thin are other words that come to mind."		82	10	California	California	California Other			Camelot 1997 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Camelot
US	"Bing cherry, sweet vanilla and sawdust aromas ring on the nose of the first Merlot bottling from the winery. True to the variety, the palate shows ample plushness and mild tannins, with juicy red plum leading the way. This accessible red could be easily enjoyed solo."		86	23	Virginia	Monticello		Alexander Peartree		Stinson 2013 Merlot (Monticello)	Merlot	Stinson
Chile	"Apple, melon, saline and buttered popcorn aromas set up a lively palate with snappy acidity. Apple and melon flavors turn a bit stalky and bitter on the finish."	Corralillo	85	20	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matetic 2013 Corralillo Chardonnay (San Antonio)	Chardonnay	Matetic
US	"Bold aromas of bread dough and strong flavors of herbs and stewed fruit flavors compete for attention. This wine is medium bodied, smooth in texture and rustic in flavor."		83	16	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Ivory and Burt 2012 Red (Lodi)	Red Blend	Ivory and Burt
Portugal	"This is a ripe, full wine that has firm tannins and a smooth texture from the Aragon (Tempranillo) in the blend. It is full of ripe berry fruits, along with attractive acidity. Spice and toast finish this attractive wine. Drink now."	Terras de Pias Reserva	88	14	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade da Capela 2013 Terras de Pias Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade da Capela
US	"Intense aromas of incense and exotic spice abound in this bold, rather oaky Chardonnay. Apple jelly and pressed pear notes are pleasantly ripe on the palate but seem overwhelmed by tones of earthy tones of wood chip and dust."	Vintner's Reserve	85	32	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Woodbury 2012 Vintner's Reserve Chardonnay (New York)	Chardonnay	Woodbury
South Africa	"Mulderbosch hits another home run with this lively, cheerful rosé. It starts with layers of cherry, flowers and strawberry on the nose, then offers a combination of fresh fruit and peppery spice on the palate Overall it has a zippy, clean character that is well balanced and substantial."	Rosé	87	12	Stellenbosch			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Mulderbosch 2008 Rosé Cabernet Sauvignon (Stellenbosch)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mulderbosch
US	"Strong scents of oak and butter come rushing out of the glass, with a medicinal edge. Though it has had some bottle age, this wine has not yet knit together. The ripe, soft, banana-flavored fruit and the forceful oak components are distinct and separate. Try it with pasta or poultry in a rich cream sauce that can pull everything together."		85	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Apex 2008 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Apex
Italy	"Spiced plum, blue flower and a whiff of baking spice lead the nose. The ripe palate offers juicy black cherry, toast, espresso, clove and a hint of sage alongside polished tannins."	La Mora Riserva	89	35	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cecchi 2011 La Mora Riserva  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Cecchi
Austria	"An impressive, rich, creamy, oak-aged Chardonnay that has already developed secondary flavors of almonds and pine nuts. The balance, though, is well preserved; a full, flavorful wine edged with toast and finishing with the fruit acidity. It could well develop over the next 2–3 years."	Ried Jungenberg Jois	90	60	Burgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Schloss Halbturn 2004 Ried Jungenberg Jois Chardonnay (Burgenland)	Chardonnay	Schloss Halbturn
US	"Strong and ripe with Zinny flavor— intense wild berry and cherry fruit as well as a briary, brambly mouthfeel. High alcohol gives it a glycerine richness."		86	38	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Peachy Canyon 2011 Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Peachy Canyon
Italy	"This opens with a classic Nebbiolo fragrance of red rose, leather, perfumed wild berries, forest floor and a hint of menthol. On the palate, white pepper, mint, thyme and eucalyptus notes add depth to the mouthwatering wild cherry and ripe raspberry flavors. It's still young, with a firm, tannic backbone balanced with just enough fresh acidity. Drink 2018–2026."	Roncaglie	93	70	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poderi Colla 2011 Roncaglie  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Poderi Colla
US	"Entirely off the estate, this polished young Pinot offers a complex mélange of flavors, in a balanced structure. The tastes of root beer, red currants, licorice, gingersnap cookie and sweet oak are frankly delicious. Fine now, and should peak by 2010, then hold for several more years."	Ocean's Ghost	92	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Babcock 2006 Ocean's Ghost Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Babcock
US	"This wine is an intriguing blend of three-quarters Cabernet Sauvignon, with the rest Syrah (20%) and Grenache. Aromas of café au lait, exotic spice, vanilla, wood notes and black cherries lead to tangy cherry flavors backed by lightly grainy tannins."	Estate Grown Diplomat	89	40	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ambassador Vineyard 2013 Estate Grown Diplomat Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Ambassador Vineyard
Italy	"A dense, full-bodied red, this opens with aromas of blackberry jam, vanilla, oak and a whiff of herbs. The robust palate delivers fleshy black cherry, cracked black pepper, licorice and tobacco alongside velvety tannins. You'll also the notice the heat of evident alcohol, especially on the close, which throws it somewhat off-balance."	Per Sempre	90	300	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tua Rita 2012 Per Sempre Syrah (Toscana)	Syrah	Tua Rita
Portugal	"In the increasingly important Dão region, Sobral's top-of-the-range is an impressively rich dense wine. With its great tannins and generous black fruits, it is full of potential. Produced by winemaker Carlos Lucas from a selection of grapes as well as parcels, the wine is concentrated, dark and firm. The acidity gives it great life as well as a juicy character that emphasizes the ripe fruit. The wine is still young, drink from 2019."	Vinha da Neta	93	26	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Sobral 2014 Vinha da Neta Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Sobral
France	"An earthy hint accompanies the scent of ripe pear on the nose. The palate is diffuse with fruity pear and fresh lemon resulting in a very refreshing, textured wine with some concentration. The finish is lasting and dry."	Schoenenbourg Grand Cru	90	40	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Dopff Au Moulin 2014 Schoenenbourg Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Dopff Au Moulin
Spain	"Aromas of wild herbs, dry brush, rubber, oak and berry fruits come prior to a pointed palate with high acidity and choppy tannins. Flavors of creamy oak support racier currant and red-plum notes, while this Carignan-Garnacha-Syrah blend tastes oaky, spicy and thorough on the finish. Drink through 2021."	Brunus	91	45	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Portal del Montsant 2011 Brunus Red (Montsant)	Red Blend	Portal del Montsant
US	"This is a nicely balanced, tightly constructed effort, a Merlot that will surprise anyone who has not tasted Washington Merlot in this price range. It is miles apart from the herbal, stemmy Merlots of other New World regions, or the vapid, watery $15 junk that comes from our neighbor to the south. This is ripe, full, meaty, structured, laden with plum and cherry, spice and just a hint of herb."		89	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2005 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"This is an unusually perfumed commingling of varieties not always seen together, including 45% Tannat, 44% Syrah and 11% Counoise. But it works. Black cherry, black tea and orange peel come together seamlessly on the nose and palate, with a high-toned acidity balancing the 60% new French oak and healthy proportion of whole-cluster fermentation."	Legend Annadel Gap Vineyard Estate Grown	92	65	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Westwood 2014 Legend Annadel Gap Vineyard Estate Grown Red (Sonoma Valley)	Red Blend	Westwood
US	"An all-purpose red wine, blending seven different grapes into a fruit bowl of forward berry flavors. Nothing challenging here, but the fruit is tasty and it might be compared to a nice Beaujolais—chill it and drink it outdoors on a hot summer day."	House Wine	86	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Magnificent Wine Company 2007 House Wine Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Magnificent Wine Company
Argentina	"NQN's Picada 15 line is a consistent source for good value among red wines. This four-grape blend (led by Cabernet Sauvignon) has a slight aroma of burnt leaves and tire rubber, but it settles with air into a good whole. Flavors of sweet berry fruits have an herbal edge, while the mouthfeel and finish are creamy, rich and smooth. Nice wine for the price."	Picada 15	87	11	Other	Neuquén		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega NQN 2007 Picada 15 Red (Neuquén)	Red Blend	Bodega NQN
Italy	"Rose petal, leather, wet soil, truffle and red berry aromas lead the nose and follow through to the ripe palate along with cherry-berry, white pepper and mint. It's delicious and already surprisingly accessible. Drink 2016–2023."	Riund Bricco Rocca Riserva	90	85	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina del Monastero 2008 Riund Bricco Rocca Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Cascina del Monastero
France	"A ripe and rounded wine, with friendly apricot and lemon flavors, richly toasty, leaving great acidity and bright fruits at the end."		85	17	Burgundy	Mâcon-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Chevallier 2009  Mâcon-Villages	Chardonnay	Louis Chevallier
Spain	"Subtle but ripe berry aromas are earthy, leathery and hint at animal. The palate is fresh and focused, with authentic raspberry and blackberry flavors. A toasty, warm finish with a note of chocolate makes for a good close. This is entirely commonplace for Ribera but that doesn't mean it's not a nice wine."	Vaquos	87	15	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pinord 2010 Vaquos  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Pinord
US	"Delicate floral and bramble notes accent bright sour-cherry and currant notes on this rich, concentrated Pinot Noir. It's fresh and fruity on the palate with a shock of cranberry flavor and just a hint of tannins that extend the finish."		86	18	New York	Cayuga Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hosmer 2012 Pinot Noir (Cayuga Lake)	Pinot Noir	Hosmer
US	"A tad shy on the nose, this offers dark fruit and earthy aromas. The flavors are woody with cedar and pencil shavings decorating the dark core of toast and charred fruit."		86	20	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Twisted Paso 2014 Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Twisted Paso
US	"This pure Merlot has the grip and muscle often found in Washington fruit; in fact, it's a bit tight at first. Notes of red plum, strawberry and stiff tannins carry the medium finish, with a nice hint of dried herb."	Fahrenheit 100	88	26	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Thomas O'Neil Cellars 2009 Fahrenheit 100 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Thomas O'Neil Cellars
US	"Cherry-raspberry notes show on the nose of this appellation blend from a Paso producer, along with eucalyptus and cedar. The palate is straightforward, with cranberry, raspberry, pencil lead and a bit of tar."		88	26	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Proulx 2012 Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Proulx
US	"V. Sattui has been making some pretty good Cabernets, and here's another one. It's classic Napa, with smooth, polished tannins, fine acidity and ripe, full-bodied flavors of blackberries, black currants and cedar. Might even develop additional bottle complexity over the next 6–8 years."		90	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa			V. Sattui 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	V. Sattui
US	"This is smooth and easy to drink, with a soft texture, almost sweet strawberry jam flavors, and a touch of spicy, nutty oak that firms it up on the finish."		86	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Mirassou 2013 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Mirassou
Italy	"A beautifully balanced wine that abounds in elegance and restrained richness, this wine offers enticing floral, almond and citrus aromas. The crisp, creamy palate brings nectarine zest, yellow apple, mineral notes and bread crust. Tight acidity and an intense, elegant perlage provide the framework. Drink now or hold for complexity."	Vintage Collection Brut	94	75	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ca' del Bosco 2010 Vintage Collection Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Ca' del Bosco
US	"From a seven-acre section of the vineyard, this offers plenty of saddle leather and cedar amidst spicy cardamom layers, a soft, juicy core and tingling acidity. The structure and weight suggest the ability to cellar comfortably through 2020."	Red Rock Terrace	93	200	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Diamond Creek 2011 Red Rock Terrace Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Diamond Creek
US	"At first high-toned, this opens nicely with crisp green apple fruit flavors. It's balanced and clear. Don't look for big, blowsy tropical flavors or buttery oak, though the barrel fermentation provides some texture to the finish. A great food wine."	Conner Lee Vineyard	87	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Arbor Crest 2005 Conner Lee Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Arbor Crest
US	"Soft and melted in the mouth, with jammy flavors of ripe mashed cherries and raspberries, drizzled with milk chocolate and anisette, and finished with a sprinkle of tangerine zest and black pepper."	Carl's Vineyard	87	32	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Wilson 2006 Carl's Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Wilson
Italy	"This has somewhat acrid aromas of animal and farmyard, while the palate offers a very ripe plum flavor that's just short of being overripe, as well as vanilla and chocolate sensations. It finishes on a bitter note."		83	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rignana 2010  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Rignana
Spain	"Dense, stewy, baked aromas of blueberry and Graham cracker lead to a blocky, flabby palate with earthy flavors of stewed berries and prune. In many ways this registers as overripe and raisiny."	Roble	85	22	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vallemon de Sardilici 2009 Roble  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Vallemon de Sardilici
Italy	"A blend of Merlot, Corvina and Sangiovese, this opens with aromas of dark berry and a hint of cooking spice. The straightforward palate presents crushed black plum and clove alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon."	Appassionatamente Rosso	87	17	Veneto	Veneto		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Famiglia Cielo 2015 Appassionatamente Rosso Red (Veneto)	Red Blend	Famiglia Cielo
France	"Evocatively tender notes of Conference pear appear on the nose. The palate is ample with juicy pear and has a generous dollop of residual sweetness. Nonetheless, this is balanced by vigorous lively freshness, leaving a harmonious, rounded, light-footed and elegant wine with a moreish finish."		91	20	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Henri Schoenheitz 2015 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Henri Schoenheitz
France	"From vineyards close to Saint-Estèphe, this wine has something of the dark tannins and dry character when young. Ripe fruit under the chocolate, coffee and new-wood flavors shows the potential for aging. Drink from 2018."		90	18	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Pontoise Cabarrus 2012  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Pontoise Cabarrus
Italy	"Barolo Conca opens with inky dark concentration and soothing aromas of black fruit, spice, cola, plum, prune and dried lavender buds. The nose presents those ethereal and delicate aromas, but in the mouth, it delivers thicker flavors of chocolate and mocha. Drink after 2018."	Conca	94	80	Piedmont	Barolo				Renato Ratti 2007 Conca  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Renato Ratti
Spain	"This white blend from Mallorca is melony up front and, like an island wine is prone to show, saline is all over the nose. In the mouth, this is melony but not too soft, with flavors of papaya, banana and honeydew. A smooth, creamy finish says drink this soon."	Quíbia Falanis	86	16	Spanish Islands	Vi de la Terra Mallorca		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ànima Negra 2012 Quíbia Falanis White (Vi de la Terra Mallorca)	White Blend	Ànima Negra
Spain	"Heavily roasted, leathery, earthy aromas slightly override the fruit tones. This has a grabby, tannic palate and burnt, herbal, earthy black-fruit flavors. Saltiness and blackened notes are to be found on a clampy finish."	Dolmo	84	10	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vicente Gandia 2013 Dolmo  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Vicente Gandia
US	"Softly tannic and sinfully rich, a drink-me-now Cabernet that offers plenty of upscale Napa pleasure. The flavors are intricate, offering tiers of blackberry and cherry jam, currant, mocha and toasty oak."		89	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Bennett Lane 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bennett Lane
France	"Made 50/50 from Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvigon, this dry, orange-pink-colored wine has an appreciable amount of tannin as well as plenty of fruit. Acidity and ripe raspberries show strongly, as well as crisp final acidity. Drink now."	La Camélias	85	13	Loire Valley	Rosé de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de la Roulerie 2014 La Camélias  (Rosé de Loire)	Rosé	Château de la Roulerie
Israel	"A blend of Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, this deep violet-red wine has a nose of black cherry, crème brulée and black pepper. Cool and fruity notes play well together on the palate, shored up by flavors of black cherry, orange zest, menthol, clove and a touch of seawater. Mevushal."	Mosaic	89	60	Judean Hills			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Shiloh Winery 2011 Mosaic Red (Judean Hills)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Shiloh Winery
US	"A touch of mushroomy unripeness undermines this Pinot Noir. That is a limiting factor, but the wine does show beautiful Pinot silkiness, and good enough raspberry and cola fruit."		84	23	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Sonoma Hills 2011 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sonoma Hills
New Zealand	"This is a smooth, supple, easy-to-drink rendering of Marlborough Pinot Noir. Gentle mushroom and damp moss shadings bring complexity to the cherry fruit, while the mouthwatering finish reveals hints of dark chocolate. Drink now–2018."		90	30	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Framingham 2013 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Framingham
Chile	"Dusty aromas of tea and dried spices blend well with black olive and black-fruit notes. This wine has a lean but muscular build. Plum and wild berry flavors come with dry, spicy oak accents. Acidity keeps the finish in shape and ensures length; drink through 2022."	Bayo Oscuro	92	38	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kingston Family 2015 Bayo Oscuro Syrah (Casablanca Valley)	Syrah	Kingston Family
Chile	"Mild flowery aromas suggest lilac and bath soap. This feels plump and chunky, with no distinct center point. Salty, yeasty but bland flavors lead to an oily feeling finish with early onset oxidation."	Reserva	84	13	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Espiritu de Chile 2015 Reserva Chardonnay (Curicó Valley)	Chardonnay	Espiritu de Chile
US	"The reserve is bottled only in 375-ml bottles, and in extremely limited quantities. The extra ripeness is evident in both the alcohol content and the overall mouthfeel. For some tasters it will push this ahead of the regular Wy'east, though some detail is sacrificed along the way. Dense, almost chunky, it brings big bites of chocolate and nougat along with solid flavors of cherry cola. Drink now through 2020."	Wy'east Reserve	92	30	Oregon	Columbia Gorge (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sineann 2015 Wy'east Reserve Pinot Noir (Columbia Gorge (OR))	Pinot Noir	Sineann
Italy	"This opens with aromas of black berry fruit along with more rustic notes of game and a whiff of barnyard. The palate offers up crushed black cherry, toast, black pepper, espresso and vanilla alongside oak extract. The brooding, astringent tannins need time to integrate fully. Drink after 2020."	Bricco Luciani	89	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina del Monastero 2010 Bricco Luciani  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Cascina del Monastero
France	"Solid and dense, this is a concentrated wine. It has black plum flavors and a feeling of ripeness and ease. Sweet acidity shows strongly on the finish. Drink from 2015."		90	35	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Feret Lambert 2011  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Feret Lambert
Chile	"This salmon-colored rosé is made from the País grape, a.k.a. the Mission Grape. On the nose, it's a cypher with weak fragrances of peach and mango. The palate is cidery and hard in feel, while briny, tart citrus flavors are pithy and fail to evolve or improve on the finish."	Missing	83	15	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Bisquertt 2013 Missing Rosé (Curicó Valley)	Rosé	Viña Bisquertt
US	"Here's a simple, easy Zin for downing with barbecue, mac and cheese, that sort of thing. It's light in body and silky, with candied raspberry and spice flavors."		84	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Headbanger 2009 Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Headbanger
US	"This unusual blend of Tempranillo, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot and Malbec comes from the folks who own Stagecoach Vineyard high atop Atlas Peak. A bombastically dense and concentrated wine, it's gamy, meaty and brawny all around. Black fruit, tar and tobacco combine to full-bodied effect. It would be best to wait on this one, cellaring through 2020."	The Doctor	92	100	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Krupp Brothers 2012 The Doctor Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Krupp Brothers
Greece	"Fresh aromas of citrus, white flowers and exotic fruit are followed by ripe and round flavors of pineapple and preserved lemon. The wine is balanced by good acidity and a clean finish. A dependable everyday wine."	Amethystos	89	18	Drama			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Domaine Costa Lazaridi 2014 Amethystos White (Drama)	White Blend	Domaine Costa Lazaridi
Spain	"More than in the past, this vintage of Christina is showing a ton of oak up front along with vanilla, plastic and hickory aromas. Round, staunch and tannic on the palate, this single-vineyard Tinto Fino tastes toasted, blackened and minty, with blackberry, peppercorn and licorice flavors; hold until 2017."	Christina	91	90	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Astrales 2012 Christina  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Astrales
US	"This makes a great showing for Boatique's first review. A deep color, superconcentrated flavors and a big but agile body set this wine apart. It smells like ripe blackberries and tastes like cherries and blueberries dusted with very dark chocolate. This wine is is dry, refined and very young, so cellar it until at least 2020 if you can wait that long."		92	35	California	Red Hills Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Boatique 2013 Malbec (Red Hills Lake County)	Malbec	Boatique
US	"Give this 100% Cabernet just a little more time in the cellar. Even at six-plus years of age, its tannins are hard, although the primary blackberry fruit flavors are beginning to dry out and become earthy. It should approach its peak around 2015."	Belle Filles Vineyard	90	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Le Chanceux 2007 Belle Filles Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Le Chanceux
France	"For a Petit Chablis, this is serious and complex, with delicious ripe green and yellow fruits; there is a touch of caramel with toast just at the edge."		87	28	Burgundy	Petit Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vincent Dauvissat 2005  Petit Chablis	Chardonnay	Domaine Vincent Dauvissat
US	"Very youthful, so the first aromas are of a wild field, with some cranberry. It’s a full-volume wine, with an appealing chunky forwardness but also bright acidity, style and character. In a word, it’s “balanced.” Will go with almost anything, from baked salmon to dark chocolate. A real pleaser, especially at this price point. Best Buy."		90	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Elk Cove 1998 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Elk Cove
France	"Hints of toast from wood aging give this wine its richness. It doesn't detract from the ripe apricot and peach fruit flavors while also keeping great freshness. All the elements have produced a ripe, full wine that could still age another year. Drink from 2017."	Grande Cuvée	93	30	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jean-Paul Balland 2013 Grande Cuvée  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Jean-Paul Balland
New Zealand	"Carves a path right down the center of Marlborough's stylistic fairway, featuring hints of bell pepper, stone fruit and wet-stone minerality. It's medium in body, with flavors of nectarine, herbal flourishes and a dry, stony finish. Drink now."	Reserve	89	18	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Brancott 2008 Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Brancott
Italy	"Underbrush, truffle, ripe red berry, violet and pipe tobacco aromas emerge on this beautiful, structured red. The delicious, full-bodied palate shows ripe black cherry, fleshy raspberry, star anise, ground pepper and clove framed in ripe, velvety tannins. A generous, gorgeous wine."	Pajorè	95	59	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rizzi 2011 Pajorè  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Rizzi
Slovenia	"This Chardonnay brings scents of pear juice, apple and a light whiff of mint. It is smooth on entry with flavors of caramelized pineapple and golden apple. It has good balance and a clean finish."		89	29	Goriska Brda			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Bagueri 2011 Chardonnay (Goriska Brda)	Chardonnay	Bagueri
Argentina	"Clean, fruity and a touch candied on the bouquet. The palate is narrow but saved by ripe black cherry flavors and spice notes. Finishes with a mocha-like flavor and a crisp, clean feel. A basic but more than satisfactory Malbec. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA Inc."	Reserva	84	13	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca El Origen 2006 Reserva Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Finca El Origen
Australia	"There's a touch of wood to this wine, but the primary emphasis is on citrusy, pineapple-scented fruit. Apple flavors provide roundness, while the wine finishes citrusy and fresh without being sharp."	MasterPeace	87	12	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Andrew Peace 2006 MasterPeace Chardonnay (South Eastern Australia)	Chardonnay	Andrew Peace
US	"This low-production Pinot Noir is dry, silky and enormously complex, with cherry pie, Dr. Pepper, bacon, anise and white pepper flavors, plus a woodsy suggestion of pine needle. Oak aging adds the perfect touch of smoke. Good as it is, it should improve in the bottle over the next 4–5 years."	Sangiacomo Vineyards Roberts Road	92	68	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Ram's Gate 2010 Sangiacomo Vineyards Roberts Road Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Ram's Gate
US	"This new project from Steve and Chrystal Clifton from Palmina and formerly Brewer-Clifton is exciting and tasty. Plump red cherry, fine-grained clove, allspice, nutmeg, sage, kola nut and a touch of chile spice show on the supple but focused nose. Tart cranberry, sour cherry and peppery sage pop on the energetic palate."	Satisfaction Kessler-Haak Vineyard	94	75	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	La Voix 2013 Satisfaction Kessler-Haak Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	La Voix
US	"Super-fruity, with jammy flavors of pineapples, green apples, peaches and spicy golden mango. A bit sugary sweet, too."	Estate Vineyard	84	26	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Gundlach Bundschu 2007 Estate Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Gundlach Bundschu
US	"The 76% Cabernet Sauvignon takes center stage here, supported by 10% Merlot, 10% Petit Verdot, 3% Cabernet Franc and 1% Malbec, most of it grown on the eastern side of Napa below Mount George. Together they offer earthy clove and a brisk, brooding back palate, followed by tight tannins and anise-flecked chocolate."	Affinity	87	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Robert Craig 2011 Affinity Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Robert Craig
France	"From the best parcels at Haute-Serre, this prestige cuvée is big, powerful and certainly full of the ripest fruit. Strong wood aging and chocolate flavors show the firm extraction of this very concentrated wine. It needs considerable time to soften and open up. Drink from 2017."	Château de Haute-Serre Cuvée Géron Dadine de Haute-Serre	92	49	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2010 Château de Haute-Serre Cuvée Géron Dadine de Haute-Serre Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Georges Vigouroux
US	"Quite cherry-like in the nose. On the palate, it's smooth and fairly silky, packing more bright cherry flavors, tinged with vanilla and spice. A bit peppery on the finish. Not complex, but quite pleasant."		86	27	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Robledo 2000 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Robledo
US	"This is a gorgeous wine, blended with 8% Merlot, 1% Petit Verdot and 1% Malbec, and aged entirely in new French oak. Juicy waves of cassis and red currant are accented by dark chocolate, ultimately showcasing a lush, plush yet structured palate. It's decadent now, but should age well through 2022."	Les Sommets	93	85	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Les Belles Collines 2012 Les Sommets Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Les Belles Collines
US	"Bell-pepper scents are cut by cracked pepper and blackberry on the nose of this bottling. The mouthfeel is soft, with black cherry and plum-juice flavors enhanced by peppery spices."		85	15	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sand Dollar 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sand Dollar
US	"A velvety texture makes this varietal wine luxurious. Cassis, tar and clove notes mingle with dried herb and black olive flavors, all integrated and deliciously graceful. Its robust tannins soften as it progresses toward a long finish."	John C. Sullenger Vineyard	94	115	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Nickel & Nickel 2014 John C. Sullenger Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Nickel & Nickel
Argentina	"Leathery, rubbery aromas are pinched, stalky and unripe. This Patagonian blend is drawing and astringent, with bland, cool-climate red-berry flavors that have an herbal streak. Saucy, tannic and heavy on the finish, this ends with a note of salami and fennel."	Los Cisnes Coalescence	83	25	Other	Alto Valle del Río Negro		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Verum 2012 Los Cisnes Coalescence Red (Alto Valle del Río Negro)	Red Blend	Verum
US	"Fresh and sliced stonefruit aromas meet with the lightest touch of grass, a slightly reductive tar aroma and a bitter kumquat element on the nose of this wine. The palate is very light with lime peel, Gala apple and nectarine flavors."		87	15	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Hayes Valley 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Coast)	Sauvignon Blanc	Hayes Valley
US	"This has been the source of some good to excellent Zins for Kunde over the years. They say the vines are 125 years old. The wine is dense and layered, with dried briary fruit, sweet black currant, licorice, leather and Asian spice flavors that are wrapped into punchy, somewhat aggressive tannins. The alcohol is very high, but the wine doesn't taste hot or unbalanced."	Shaw Vineyard Reserve Century Vines	91	35	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kunde 2004 Shaw Vineyard Reserve Century Vines Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Kunde
US	"Bright and cheerful with a candied black cherry nose, this is a deliciously fruit-forward yet focused wine. On the palate, soft, fresh fruit and supple vanilla flavors meld beautifully with supple tannins and a rich, dark, roasted coffee finish."	Reserve	87	35	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Osprey's Dominion 2007 Reserve Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Osprey's Dominion
Spain	"Vanilla, apple juice and banana aromas comprise the nose on this flat feeling, sugary tasting Cava that claims to be “dry” but tastes anything but. Flavors of ripe banana, vanilla and papaya taste like powdered sugar on the finish."	Bubbles by Lobetia	83	10	Spain Other	Spain		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Dominio de Punctum NV Bubbles by Lobetia Sparkling (Spain)	Sparkling Blend	Dominio de Punctum
Chile	"Aromas of tropical fruit and lime are restrained on the nose. The palate is soft and a bit flabby, with papaya and yellow-apple flavors that become more pithy and bitter on the easy finish."	Casa Grand Selection	84	12	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lapostolle 2014 Casa Grand Selection Sauvignon Blanc (Rapel Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Lapostolle
US	"This Cab is drinking very dry, tannic and austere in its youth. It really needs time in the cellar to soften and throw some sediment, and allow the heart of black currants and dark chocolate to emerge. Should begin to show interest after 2013."		92	42	California	Yountville	Napa			Maroon 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Yountville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Maroon
US	"With balance and grip, this lightly effervescent wine rolls from a pretty pear flavor into a light tropical fruit note. It's hard to beat at this price."		89	13	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lone Birch 2011 Pinot Gris (Yakima Valley)	Pinot Gris	Lone Birch
France	"A fashionable pale-salmon color, this dainty rosé opens with delicate floral aromas of sweet pea and white clover that are framed by fruity tones of red cherry and strawberry. The palate is fleshy and fruit-forward, buoyed by ample acidity that finishes fresh."	Notorious Pink Grenache	86	17	France Other	Vin de France		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Domaine la Colombette 2015 Notorious Pink Grenache Rosé (Vin de France)	Rosé	Domaine la Colombette
US	"Bryan Babcock's three decades of experience show better than ever right now. This bottling from Radian Vineyard offers aromas of charred cloves, wet slate, peppercorns and macerated raspberries. Lively and energetic on the palate, it bursts with flavors of wild berries and ripe cranberries, with a tart citrusy twist that's a wakeup call to the mouth."	Appellation's Edge	93	60	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Babcock 2012 Appellation's Edge Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Babcock
Italy	Here is a creamy and dense Chardonnay that is driven forward by sharp lines of lemon and citric fruit. This cool-climate expression shows balance and complexity.		88	15	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Tiefenbrunner 2009 Chardonnay (Alto Adige)	Chardonnay	Tiefenbrunner
US	"This is a sharp, grassy Pinot Gris, which does more than a gentle bow in the direction of Sauvignon Blanc. Herbaceous, peppery and penetrating, it's green and acidic, yet flavorful and a resonant food wine also."		86	17	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Emerson 2012 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Emerson
US	"This bottled-aged beauty, made by Syrah expert Andrew Murray, is redolent on the nose with lavender, violets, dense black fruit and a touch of tar. Great depth and structure show on the chewy palate, with black flavors of tar, espresso and nearly fudge complementing the rich yet tangy red-cherry fruit."	Estate	91	45	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Terra Bella 2009 Estate Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Terra Bella
US	"This is always a drily tannic wine in its youth, but it's also one of the most ambitious Cabs produced from Dry Creek Valley, and is worth attention. With a drop of Petit Verdot, it's young and jammy, explosive in black currant and chocolate flavors, with plenty of smoky oak. Although the tannins are big, they're completely ripe and sweet. Four-plus years of age have softened them. Drink this Cabernet Sauvignon now with very upscale foods, and it should hold and soften for a decade."	Endeavor	93	55	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Dry Creek Vineyard 2003 Endeavor Cabernet Sauvignon (Dry Creek Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dry Creek Vineyard
US	"Cabernet specialist Baldacci tries their hand at Pinot Noir, and what do you know? It's a Cabernet-esque Pinot, which means its heavy and full bodied. There's plenty of savory blackberry essence, but the challenge is to bring grace and lightness to this variety."	Elizabeth	85	40	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Baldacci 2010 Elizabeth Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Baldacci
US	"Compared to the Mazzoni, this baby has less fruity but pepperier, earthier aromas, and herbal ones, too: licorice and chocolate, although there’s some deeply scented blackberry. It seems crisper and more angular, and more tannic, with a great hidden depth of fruit that needs to be coaxed out through short-term aging."	Nuns Canyon	88	20	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kenwood 1997 Nuns Canyon Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Kenwood
US	"Pretty tannic now, with underlying fruity flavors of plum, blackberry, herbs and earth. Drinks very dry and a bit austere, and there's tartness in the dusty finish. May gain with an additional year or two of age."		85	19	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Benziger 1999 Merlot (Sonoma County)	Merlot	Benziger
US	"Rather than pungent green aromas, this bottling tends toward a sweeter aromatic profile, with limeade, mandarin orange and tangerine scents. On the palate, there is a slight creaminess and a nod toward bell pepper, but the tart, bitter and acidic elements of apple and lime pith combine memorably."		90	18	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Carr 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Carr
US	"Not something easily found, this pink-orange wine is made from an unusual variety in its red form, let alone as a crisp, tart companion to picnic fare. Orange peel and strawberry are the highlights in this easygoing, lovable quaff."	Pinot Meunier	90	18	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Draxton 2016 Pinot Meunier Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Draxton
Italy	"This opens with aromas of spiced plum, oak, vanilla and leather. The smooth, concentrated palate offers ripe black cherry, juicy raspberry, mocha, clove, tobacco, black pepper and licorice alongside velvety tannins. Drink 2015–2023."	Millecento	91	200	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castiglion del Bosco 2008 Millecento  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Castiglion del Bosco
US	"This is made from 100% Cabernet grown in the St. Helena estate vineyard. The wine is exceptionally pure and delicious, rich in black currant, chocolate, black cherry and lots of toasty new French oak. The all-important tannins are exquisitely ripe and as fine as velvet. Nowhere near ready, this wine wants a good eight years in the cellar, and will gradually evolve through the mid-2020s, at the very least."	Bone Ash Vineyard	95	85	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Venge 2011 Bone Ash Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Venge
Chile	"Hard gritty aromas suggest underripe raw materials. This feels O.K. but tastes like it smells: gritty and underripe. On the finish, it's more of the same but with no wetness to cut the grit."	Cefiro Reserva	82	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2016 Cefiro Reserva Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Viña Casablanca
US	"A squeeze of lemony acidity gives this Chardonnay a tart bite to the ripe mango, apricot and lime fruit flavors. Oak brings complex touches of sweet buttered toast. Bone dry, the wine is flashy now, but don't serve it too cold."	Melville Vineyard	91	40	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Bonaccorsi 2010 Melville Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Bonaccorsi
US	"A drop-dead gorgeous Pinot Noir that will satisfy everyone from Burgundy fans to diehard Cabernet cultists. Show an elegant complexity and silky texture that define great California Pinot Noir, yet with a powerful impact that emphasizes raspberries, cherries and blueberries. Brilliant acidity and tannins provide the perfect framework on this wine that's drinkable now, and will develop over the next 15–20 years."	Allen Vineyard	97	82	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2009 Allen Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
US	"The texture is a bit rough for a Pinot Noir, lacking the silkiness you expect. Instead, you get the briary, brambly mouthfeel of a Zinfandel. But the wine is very flavorful in cherries and red currants. Give it a decant and drink up with grilled beef or lamb."		88	30	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Fritz 2010 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Fritz
US	"This clear and bright cranberry-red wine sports a pungent nose with spice, cranberry, mocha and light cherry scents and flavors. Shows some interesting herbal nuances of thyme and oregano. Good focus in a fruit-forward style; tight and delicious with a pretty finish."	Ciel du Cheval	90	23	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Andrew Will 1999 Ciel du Cheval Sangiovese (Yakima Valley)	Sangiovese	Andrew Will
Italy	"Although woody on the nose, there's also an attractive floral note and fresh, snappy flavors of black cherries. Finishes tart and lemony—built to accompany red sauce."	Riserva	85	10	Tuscany	Chianti				Piccini 2000 Riserva  (Chianti)	Sangiovese	Piccini
US	"The nose on this wine from regional pioneer Gary Eberle is reserved at first, then releases seared lemon, tightly wound stone fruit, soft butter and caramel nibs. There is a pleasant weight on the medium-density palate, with sour-leaning flavors of Granny Smith apple peels, lime rinds and some riper honeydew melon."	Eberle Estate Vineyard	86	22	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Eberle 2013 Eberle Estate Vineyard Chardonnay (Paso Robles)	Chardonnay	Eberle
US	"This wine is dry and rather full bodied, starting with fruity aromas like banana and coconut then seguing to more nutty, oaky, complex flavors and a rich texture. It's a serious dinner wine with heft and substance."	Verdigris	89	30	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Las Positas 2014 Verdigris White (California)	White Blend	Las Positas
France	"There's a forward warm and spicy character to this dark, brooding wine, with notes of brambly berry and plum that are accented by hits of cocoa, violet and lavender. The creamy, medium-weight palate boasts soft but structured tannins and a crushed satin texture, with hints of leather and bittersweet chocolate that linger on the close."	Château de Villemajou Grand Vin	90	45	Languedoc-Roussillon	Corbières-Boutenac		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Gérard Bertrand 2012 Château de Villemajou Grand Vin Red (Corbières-Boutenac)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Gérard Bertrand
US	"This wine provides aromas of iron, red currant, cranberry and herb, along with a rubbing alcohol note that provides a bit of distraction. It's reserved but flavorful, with fruit and savory notes lingering on the tart, extended finish."	Old Block Boushey Vineyard	90	65	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ross Andrew 2010 Old Block Boushey Vineyard Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Ross Andrew
Italy	"Aromas of black-skinned fruit, espresso, dried herbs and toasted oak lead the nose. The one-dimensional palate offers dried black cherry, coffee and ground pepper while firm, fine-grained tannins give it a polished feel."	"0,618"	88	35	Tuscany	Cortona		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	"Leuta 2012 0,618 Syrah (Cortona)"	Syrah	Leuta
Germany	"Whiffs of spice and slate lend complexity to plump, sunny peach and yellow plum flavors in this off-dry Riesling. It's fruity, approachable and easy, yet elegantly balanced."	Ürziger Würzgarten Kabinett	90	25	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Hermann 2014 Ürziger Würzgarten Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Hermann
Italy	Barriano is a rosemary green and slightly vegetal blend of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon that is balanced out by a good dose of plump red cherry in the mouth.	Barriano	85	16	Central Italy	Lazio				Villa Gianna 2009 Barriano Red (Lazio)	Red Blend	Villa Gianna
New Zealand	"This comes out of the bottle with a little bit of funk, so give it a brief decanting prior to serving. Once the sweaty sock aroma blows off, it delivers modest cherry fruit and a peppery spice component that's reminiscent of nasturtium blossoms, a supple, round texture and a mouthwatering finish."	The First Paddock Proprietor's Reserve	88	75	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Two Paddocks 2011 The First Paddock Proprietor's Reserve Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Two Paddocks
France	"Fruity and perfumed, this is already an attractive wine. Dusty tannins are working with the black-currant fruitiness to produce a fresh, lightly structured wine. Like many wines of the vintage, it will develop quickly, so drink from 2018."		88	29	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Paveil de Luze 2013  Margaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Paveil de Luze
US	"Soft and dull, with green pea, peach jam and buttered toast flavors that finish a little sugary."		82	20	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Materra Cunat Family Vineyards 2011 Chardonnay (Oak Knoll District)	Chardonnay	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards
France	"89–91. Barrel sample. This chateau has been newly acquired by the Barton family of Léoville Barton. It's an attractive, fruity wine with warm tannins. The palate is fine and juicy, and finishes softly at the end."	Barrel Sample	90	50	Bordeaux	Moulis-en-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Mauvesin Barton 2012 Barrel Sample  (Moulis-en-Médoc)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Mauvesin Barton
Spain	"Super tight, toasty berry and spice aromas are classic RDD. This is tannic as nails right now, but the future, albeit one that's down the road, is positively bright. Flavors of mocha, blackberry, espresso and toast finish hard and tannic. If ever a wine was made for long-term cellaring, this is it. Drink from 2019 through 2040."	Valbuena 5	94	230	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vega Sicilia 2011 Valbuena 5  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Vega Sicilia
Australia	"The plush texture and silky midpalate almost define Langhorne Creek, and the cedar, cassis and tobacco notes are classic Cabernet. So what's the rub? The finish falls off just a bit too quickly. It's still nice stuff for the price."		89	17	South Australia	Langhorne Creek		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Heartland 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Langhorne Creek)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Heartland
Argentina	"Jammy berry and raisin aromas are compact and tell a lot about what's coming next. That's a saturated but rough and tannic palate with extremely ripe flavors of prune, licorice and blackberry jam. A peppery, syrupy finish is anything but lean."	Single Vineyard Reserva	85	20	Mendoza Province	Agrelo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lamadrid 2013 Single Vineyard Reserva Malbec (Agrelo)	Malbec	Lamadrid
France	"As befits a Bandol, this rosé has a good depth of flavor, rich and smoothly textured with acidity integrated into a serious and complex wine. The structure and acidity suggest a wine that could age for 2–3 years."	Château Romassan	91	43	Provence	Bandol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Ott 2009 Château Romassan Rosé (Bandol)	Rosé	Domaines Ott
Argentina	"Pretty aromatics include balsam wood, blackberry and blueberry. The palate is lush but well structured, with bullish berry, chocolate and creamy oak flavors. Minty and super spicy and long on the finish, with a lasting dark toastiness."	Laborde Double Select	90	25	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luca 2010 Laborde Double Select Syrah (Uco Valley)	Syrah	Luca
US	"This dry Sauvignon Blanc is wonderfully adaptable to today's wide variety of foods. Bone dry and crisp in acidity, it has rich, varietal flavors of Meyer lemon, lime, pink grapefruit and blood orange."		87	16	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Sivas-Sonoma 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sivas-Sonoma
Spain	"Rooty aromas of licorice and sarsparilla are oaky and toasty, like burnt bread crust. This reserva feels weighty, but well balanced. Spicy currant and plum flavors are racy and improve on an elegant finish that doesn't overreach. Drink through 2026."	Reserva	92	65	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Consejo de la Alta 2011 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Consejo de la Alta
US	"Expect exciting things from this Bordeaux-focused label by Thomas Fogarty Winery. This offers scents of blueberry, boysenberry and purple flowers such as lilac and lavender. It's dainty yet dynamic on the palate, with blue fruit and espresso, restrained and elegant throughout."	Gist Ranch Estate	93	55	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lexington 2011 Gist Ranch Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lexington
US	"Only 120 cases of this wine from the Sonoma Coast, where cool weather limits ripeness. There are Burgundian aromas of grilled meat, raw meat and mushroom, with dark berries. Very dry, but with a glyceriney sweetness, it's light and supple on the palate. Might age; might not. This is still unexplored territory for Pinot Noir."	Freestone Hill Vineyard	92	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Dutton-Goldfield 1999 Freestone Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dutton-Goldfield
US	"This reserve-level cuvée has been made since 2004, but in severely limited amounts. A mix of one-third new, one-third once-used and one-third neutral oak barrels aged the blend. Rich, tight and sappy, it shows generous ripe stone and tropical fruits, along with rich layers of butterscotch and toast. Drink now through 2025."	Édition Limitée	95	65	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Drouhin Oregon 2012 Édition Limitée Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Domaine Drouhin Oregon
US	"This is 100% Pommard clone, bright and spicy in the nose. The fruit flavors are sharp and penetrating, with brambly berries and a touch of pine sap."	Homestead Block	90	60	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Van Duzer 2014 Homestead Block Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Van Duzer
France	"Ripe and juicy, this wine has good acidity that accompanies the attractive, seemingly sweet tannins. Concentrated, it needs several years to broaden out."	Classic	85	16	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lauduc 2010 Classic  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lauduc
US	"There's a core of preserved black fruit in this Merlot-dominant Bordeaux-style blend, but also notes of leafy dill and stem that add a vegetal quality. Elegant and a bit lean on the palate, it finishes with persistent, yet finely textured tannins."	Old World Blend	85	40	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Mattebella 2007 Old World Blend Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Mattebella
US	"Distinctly sweet, like crushed blackberry and cherry fruit that's had a dose of white sugar added. Fortunately, the acids and tannins provide good structural balance."	Wild Horse Peak Thunderbolt Block	84	32	California	South Coast	South Coast			South Coast 2005 Wild Horse Peak Thunderbolt Block Sangiovese (South Coast)	Sangiovese	South Coast
US	"Blended with 50% Sauvignon Musque that gives it a distinctly floral note, this wine has just a touch of oak, which gives it some smoky toastiness. It's quite tart in citrusy acidity that gets the mouth watering. Flavorwise, the lemon, lime, and guava flavors have a strong cut of tart, green gooseberries."		87	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Amici 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Amici
France	"While this shows its youthful tannins, it also bears blackberry fruit and juicy acidity. The chateau has produced a stylish wine that's rich while still keeping plenty of freshness and acidity. Age for 3–4 years."		88	30	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Maison Blanche 2010  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Maison Blanche
Spain	"Ripe berry and prune aromas come with spice and oaky notes. The palate is fresh and on the money, with mature but not tired flavors of tobacco, vanilla, cedar, plum and raspberry. For fans of fine Rioja, this will seem familiar and likable; it's smooth, oaky, elegant and vital. Drink now–2016."	Conde de Valdemar Gran Reserva	90	35	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Valdemar 2005 Conde de Valdemar Gran Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Valdemar
US	"Created jointly by a chef, a sommelier and a wine critic along with winemaker Jarrod Boyle, this appealing blend of Syrah, Grenache, and Counoise is loaded with rich, sweet cherry, blackberry and cola notes with a full-bodied, satiny mouthfeel and a lingering finish."	Rock Star Red Destiny Ridge Vineyard	89	42	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Alexandria Nicole 2009 Rock Star Red Destiny Ridge Vineyard Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Alexandria Nicole
US	"This gentle, complex white offers lovingly crafted waves of tropical lychee and golden-apple minerality, with bites of wet stone, gravel and lemon. Balanced in acidity and a lightness of being, it's meant for the table or kitchen, to sip happily while making a meal."	Naissance	92	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Galerie 2015 Naissance Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Galerie
Spain	"Freixenet's signature Cava is consistent and pure as usual, with aromas of white fruit and white pepper and an overall freshness on the nose. It feels crisp and focused, with a foamy palate that brings apple, lime, peach and spice flavors. The finish is smooth."	Cordon Negro Brut 150 años	87	12	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Freixenet NV Cordon Negro Brut 150 años Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Freixenet
US	"Ripe, rich black cherries and berries are accented by layers crushed stone on this elegant Cabernet Sauvignon. Fresh fruit concentrates the palate, but it's brightened by a jolt of acidity and fine, lingering tannins."		88	19	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Knapp 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Knapp
US	"Made in an immediately appealing style, this dry Pinot has a silky elegance that makes it easy to savor the cherry, currant, cola, pomegranate and pepper flavors. Best now and for a few years."	Amber Ridge Vineyard	87	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Twin Oaks 2006 Amber Ridge Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Twin Oaks
US	"This wine is an intriguing blend of three-quarters Cabernet Sauvignon, with the rest Syrah (20%) and Grenache. Aromas of café au lait, exotic spice, vanilla, wood notes and black cherries lead to tangy cherry flavors backed by lightly grainy tannins."	Estate Grown Diplomat	89	40	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ambassador Vineyard 2013 Estate Grown Diplomat Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Ambassador Vineyard
New Zealand	"Round and fruity, with aromas of ginger, pineapple and mango. This is one of the most popular SBs in the world, and it's easy to see why. It's loaded with sweet, inoffensive citrus fruit and it comes with a soft, plush mouthfeel that's sure to win people over."		89	22	Marlborough					Cloudy Bay 2001 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cloudy Bay
Italy	"Tramin presents this fresh, easy-drinking Chardonnay that boasts coolclimate aromas of stone fruit, white flower and citrus. It's zesty and clean in the mouth and perfect for seafood salad."		86	13	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Tramin 2010 Chardonnay (Alto Adige)	Chardonnay	Tramin
US	"Drink this while it is still showing its youthful fruit. Black and purple berries abound, with excellent depth, some herbal grace notes and a spicy, lengthy finish."		89	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Plumb Cellars 2007 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Plumb Cellars
US	"Pink grapefruit, a linear chalky component and the aromas of apricot jam on brie cheese rind show on the nose of this bottling from one of the region's oldest vineyards. There is tight focus to the palate, where green pear skins, pomelo pith, lemon zest and lime juice weave into an acidity that's strong yet expertly integrated."	Sierra Madre Vineyard	92	37	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fess Parker 2014 Sierra Madre Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Fess Parker
France	"Rather dull, soapy wine, its fruit missing the right crispness. There are flavors of pear, yellow fruits, just not enough acidity."	Perle d'Ivoire Blanc de Blancs Brut	83	22	Burgundy	Crémant de Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Bouillot NV Perle d'Ivoire Blanc de Blancs Brut  (Crémant de Bourgogne)	Chardonnay	Louis Bouillot
Spain	"For a different breed of cat, take a look at this blend of Merenzao (Trousseau), Mencía and Garnacha from Valdeorras in Galicia. An elegant, schisty nose displays gamy, savory plum and currant aromas similar to Pinot Noir. A choppy, astringent palate makes this wine less than smooth. Herbal plum and spicy oak flavors are bolstered by racy acidity and finish long and almost citrusy in flavor. Drink through 2022."		90	40	Northern Spain	Valdeorras		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Escalada Do Sil 2014 Red (Valdeorras)	Red Blend	Escalada Do Sil
Chile	"This is dry, spicy and subdued on the bouquet, with a red berry aroma leading the charge. Focused and fresh on the palate, it has spicy, mildly oaky flavors of toasty berry fruit. Pinches of pepper and chocolate add weight and darkness to the finish."	Gran Reserva de Los Andes	87	15	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alicia 2009 Gran Reserva de Los Andes Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Santa Alicia
Romania	"This medium-sweet blend of Feteasca Regala and Riesling has aromas of honeysuckle and lemon blossom. There are flavors of peach and pineapple in the mouth, with a floral touch on the finish."	Treasure of Transylvania Medium Sweet	85	8	Tarnave			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Jidvei 2016 Treasure of Transylvania Medium Sweet White (Tarnave)	White Blend	Jidvei
France	"The wine comes from the Leflaive home village and the blend (from more than 20 parcels) demonstrates the intimate knowledge the family has with its terroir. It has a fine balance between the ripe yellow and white stone fruits and acidity. These are given structure by the wood aging and strong mineral texture. This is still developing and still filling out, so drink from 2018."		91	80	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Olivier Leflaive 2014  Puligny-Montrachet	Chardonnay	Olivier Leflaive
Germany	"The nose of this dry Riesling is subdued with faint hints of blossom, wet stone and lime zest. The palate, however, is anything-but subdued, with ripe yellow-cherry and peach flavors that linger lusciously. Almost oily in texture, it's richly bodied, but brightened with a sheen of lemon-lime acidity."	Ürziger Würzgarten Alte Reben GG Dry	90	42	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Loosen 2012 Ürziger Würzgarten Alte Reben GG Dry Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon makes up two-thirds of this wine, with the balance Malbec and Syrah. Vibrant aromas of plum, spice and herb are followed by plush, lightly sweet, palate-coating fruit flavors backed by grainy tannins. It finishes sweet, delivering plenty of easy-drinking appeal."	Riverbed	87	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Sagelands 2015 Riverbed Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Sagelands
US	"A five-grape, Bordeaux-style blend, it's still a big, tough, chewy, tannic wine with a chunky, somewhat blocky mouthfeel. Cherry, cassis and wood flavors dominate, and the tannins are quite astringent. Re-tasted over many hours it remained stubbornly hard and compact. Give this one some further bottle age."	Estate Grown Seven Hills Vineyard Perigee	90	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	L'Ecole No. 41 2011 Estate Grown Seven Hills Vineyard Perigee Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	L'Ecole No. 41
Chile	"Meaty and leathery on first blush, with chunky dark-fruit aromas leading to a beefy palate with pure plum and blackberry flavors. Thick, layered and relatively deep, with a good DNA and commendable purity and overall quality. Very close to top-level Cab from Chile, with 15% Carmenère and 5% Petit Verdot."	Grand Reserve	89	25	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Simone 2006 Grand Reserve Red (Maule Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Simone
Italy	"Underbrush, ripe plum and baking spice aromas waft out of the glass. On the palate, vanilla, licorice, dark chocolate and espresso accent the black cherry core while polished tannins provide the framework. Drink through 2017."		89	19	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Panzanello 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Panzanello
Italy	"Made entirely with Merlot, this opens with aromas of black cherry and caramel that follow through to the dense palate along with a hint of cedar. Clenching tannins leave a mouth-puckering finish."	Casa Nocera	87	62	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pagani de Marchi 2012 Casa Nocera Merlot (Toscana)	Merlot	Pagani de Marchi
Portugal	"This is a wine that's ready to consume, with its ripe red fruits and spicy tannins. It is smooth with just a bite of structure along with considerable acidity. The wine is balanced and attractive in a summer barbecue style."	Serradayres Reserva	85	9	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Velhas 2014 Serradayres Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Caves Velhas
US	"The color of this wine is deep and dark, and the aromas and flavors both have lots of plump black cherry, baking spice and clove tones. It's dry, full bodied and pretty massive in terms of mouthfeel, so this is not a delicate flower and is best enjoyed with heartier fare or after some time to open."	Stormin'	92	66	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Maggy Hawk 2013 Stormin' Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Maggy Hawk
US	"Made by Long Shadows winemaker Gilles Nicault, this wine, along with the 2008 and 2009 vintages, were released together. This is the most mature—a five-grape, Bordeaux-style blend. It's a beautifully integrated, floral and dusty wine, with contoured, sculpted fruit. Plums and cherries dominate, with dustings of cocoa powder, coffee and a hint of hazelnut. The wine is graceful and profound, with superb length and finesse."		95	95	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Shoup 2007 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Shoup
US	"This very elegant nose is like a love potion perfume of violet, sterling rose, myrrh and raspberry essence. The flavors veer toward tart raspberry and cranberry, with cola and purple flowers coming through before a brisk acidic finish."	Garys' Vineyard	92	61	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2012 Garys' Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
France	"This 100% Pinot Noir rosé, produced in the northern Burgundy village of Saint-Bris, is packed with fruit. It shows a light touch of red cherry fruit and plenty of bright acidity. Along with the citrus aftertaste, this is a refreshing apéritif wine."		85	20	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Robert Goulley 2016  Bourgogne	Rosé	Robert Goulley
Italy	"Aromas of dark fruit and cedar lead the nose and follow through to the warm, soft palate with peppercorn, licorice and dried blackcurrant. Velvety tannins provide the framework but it's shy on freshness, so enjoy soon."	Il Castagno	89	28	Tuscany	Cortona		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fabrizio Dionisio 2011 Il Castagno Syrah (Cortona)	Syrah	Fabrizio Dionisio
Germany	"This medium-dry spätlese balances savory with sweet. Initially earthy, mineral tones build to plumper peach and pear through the midpalate. It's gossamer in texture, but finishes strong with a polished strike of steel and acid."	Wehlener Sonnenuhr Spätlese	88	33	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Pauly Bergweiler 2013 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Pauly Bergweiler
US	"For those who like their Zins on the sweet side, this one's rich in raspberry and cherry jam flavor, with the sweet, honeyed taste of glycerine from high alcohol."		87	25	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			VC Cellars 2006 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	VC Cellars
US	"A distinctly musky note mingles amidst pretty orange blossom and grapefruit on this dainty, but surprisingly complex Sauvignon Blanc. Mouthwatering acidity yields a brisk but clean finish."		88	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Raphael 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (North Fork of Long Island)	Sauvignon Blanc	Raphael
France	"This Syrah-Grenache rosé is fresh, inviting and lively, starting with scents of strawberry, raspberry, citrus peel and pink florals. Light and bright on the palate, tart berry and melon rind flavors lead seamlessly into the garrigue-kissed finish."		88	12	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	L'Ostal Cazes 2015 Rosé (Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	L'Ostal Cazes
US	"Though labeled Columbia Valley, this is in fact 100% Merlot from the estate vineyards on Red Mountain. It's chewy and tannic, as is often the case with Red Mountain reds, with black cherry and cassis fruit wrapped by astringent tannins hinting at dark chocolate. In short, a fine steak wine, that needs some fat to cut the tannins."		89	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kiona 2010 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Kiona
US	"A vivid yellow-gold color grabs the attention and creamy, tropical fruit flavors deliver the goods in this medium-bodied but full-blown wine. Pineapple, grapefruit, fig and almond are layered in an almost unctuous texture, but supported by vibrant acidity that keeps everything in great balance."	B.A Theiriot Vineyard	91	65	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Senses 2013 B.A Theiriot Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Senses
Italy	"This structured Nebbiolo delivers classic sensations of dark cherry, clove, cinnamon and a hint of orange peel. Vibrant, with fresh acidity balanced by silky-smooth tannins, it's ready to be enjoyed now."	Marghe	90	23	Piedmont	Langhe		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Damilano 2012 Marghe Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Damilano
US	"For the price, this Merlot packs a delicious punch, offering soft, persistent layers of chocolate, tar and leather, the tannins present yet well-managed. Red fruit and smoke intermingle on the palate, playing well together."	Sands Point	88	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Avelina 2011 Sands Point Merlot (Sonoma County)	Merlot	Avelina
US	"Made entirely from Dijon clones to emphasize the fruit from this site, this wine is voluptuous in style, with a backbone of caramelized apple and pear flavor. Fig and quince contribute secondary characteristics of rounded richness, as a bite of salty lime marks the finish."	Deux Chevaux	91	55	California	Yountville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tamber Bey 2015 Deux Chevaux Chardonnay (Yountville)	Chardonnay	Tamber Bey
Spain	"Gritty, wild aromas of leafy, herbal citrus fruits and compost lead to a foamy palate with solid acidity. Gritty, spicy citrus flavors are slightly bitter, and the wine falls off on the finish."	Cava Brut Rosé	86	13	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Conde de Subirats NV Cava Brut Rosé Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Conde de Subirats
US	"A brilliant Chardonnay, bone dry and crisp in acidity. Almost lean in citrus and mineral flavors, but on further inspection shows complex layers of toast, honeysuckle, peach and stone, with a deft touch of new oak. Feels weighty and important, and finishes wonderfully dry."	Rosemary's Vineyard	94	46	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Talley 2009 Rosemary's Vineyard Chardonnay (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
US	"Righteous is a new budget label for Sweet Valley Winery. Mostly Merlot, this smooth, fruity red wine is ready to drink. It tastes like a latter-day version of the Hearty Burgundies of old, only with better fruit, and a hint of hazelnut in the finish."	Red Wine	86	12	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Righteous 2007 Red Wine Red (Wahluke Slope)	Red Blend	Righteous
Italy	"Rose, violet, toast, underbrush, menthol and perfumed berry aromas lead the way on this wine. The palate offers dried black cherry, eucalyptus, ground black pepper and dried sage alongside bracing, rather astringent tannins."	Vigna Lama della Villa Gran Selezione	88	65	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Lamole 2010 Vigna Lama della Villa Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Fattoria di Lamole
US	"This light-bodied, semidry Riesling from Traverse City's first urban winery offers an explosion of peach blossom, apricot and ripe pineapple on the nose and palate. A vein of lime zest creates tension from start to finish, making this well-balanced offering a perfect apéritif."	The Missing Spire	88	18	Michigan	Michigan		Alexander Peartree		Left Foot Charley 2014 The Missing Spire Riesling (Michigan)	Riesling	Left Foot Charley
France	"A rich but structured wine, this shows dark fruits and a strong tannic core. There is fine acidity and a taut, mineral texture."		87	20	Bordeaux	Francs Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Franc-Cardinal 2010  Francs Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Franc-Cardinal
Chile	"Raw, earthy plum aromas are spicy and lightly herbal. This feels saucy yet monotone. Tomato, red-plum and herbal flavors end with a hint of brown sugar and a continuation of the wine's herbal plum character."	Reserva Estate Bottled	85	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilensis 2013 Reserva Estate Bottled Merlot (Maule Valley)	Merlot	Chilensis
US	"Full bodied, with structured tannins and bright acids, this has flavors of black cherry, dark berry and dried flower. A note of spiced black fruit adds interest to the medium-to-long finish. This would pair well with softly spiced chili or barbecue."	New World Red	85	34	Virginia	Monticello				Kluge Estate 2009 New World Red Red (Monticello)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Kluge Estate
Italy	"This opens with subdued aromas of black-skinned berry and a whiff of baking spice. The straightforward palate delivers black plum, clove and leather alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon."		87	15	Central Italy	Romagna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Podere La Berta 2015 Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Podere La Berta
South Africa	"This wine offers nice balance between the ripe-fruit tones of pear and green-apple and the green, stemmy herb and grass notes. There are subtle smoke and spice accents that unfold on the finish, following a plush mouthfeel that's enlivened by bright citrus tones. Drink now."		86	13	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Fat Barrel 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Stellenbosch)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fat Barrel
Italy	"This begins with aromas of overripe plum, nail polish remover, fig, raisin, nutmeg, vanilla, resin and sweet oak. The dense, warm palate delivers chocolate, coffee, vanilla, plum and sweet oak alongside searing alcohol. It's already tired and evolved, and almost past its prime."		86	49	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Torlasco 2009  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Torlasco
US	"A big, bold wine that also tastes precise and structured, it has deep, dense fruit flavors like black currant and black cherry, layers of fine tannins, hints of dark chocolate and espresso. This is a great wine to stash in the cellar, as it will taste best after 2020."	Vintner's Reserve Summation	91	17	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Kendall-Jackson 2013 Vintner's Reserve Summation Red (California)	Red Blend	Kendall-Jackson
Spain	"This is interesting from the opening. Floral aromas include violet, bath soap and lavender along with blueberry. This is tight on the palate, with exotic flavors of blackberry and licorice that turn darker and grittier with airing. Cassis and exotic spice notes push the finish."	Roble	87	13	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa de la Ermita 2013 Roble Red (Jumilla)	Red Blend	Casa de la Ermita
US	"This Malbec offers enticing aromas of mocha, herb, violet and leather. The full-bodied palate features delineated notes of pastis and toasted herb, and it bears finessed, sinewy tannins. Stylistically, this is more geared to Malbec from Southwest France than from Argentina."		87	23	Virginia	Virginia				Catoctin Creek 2010 Malbec (Virginia)	Malbec	Catoctin Creek
Spain	"Candied berry aromas lack crispness. This feels hard, with little give and depth to the palate. Burnt toasted berry flavors are hot and fall off on a clumsy finish."		84	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gorrebusto 2015  Rioja	Tempranillo	Gorrebusto
Romania	"Pretty on the nose and palate with an abundance of spring flower, pineapple and vanilla-cream notes, this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay is easygoing but impeccably made. Judiciously oaked, it finishes on a sweet-and-salty caramel note."	Dreamfish	86	6	Recas			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Cramele Recas 2011 Dreamfish Chardonnay (Recas)	Chardonnay	Cramele Recas
US	"Light blackberry aromas mix with dried dill and pepper on the nose of this bottling from an appellation known for its ageworthy Syrahs. The palate's lively black fruit is well spiced with thyme, black pepper and more wild herbs."	Estate Grown	92	30	California	Chalone	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chalone 2012 Estate Grown Syrah (Chalone)	Syrah	Chalone
France	"Better known for its red wines, Ladoix's whites are a rarity. This wine is made from fruit sourced from vines that are close to the Corton hill. It is steely, minerally and crisp, with a wood-influenced character. With its structure, this needs at least three years of aging."	Le Clou d'Orge	89	45	Burgundy	Ladoix		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Jadot 2010 Le Clou d'Orge  (Ladoix)	Chardonnay	Louis Jadot
Georgia	"Made in the méthode Champenoise style from a blend of traditional Georgian grapes, this is a delicately effervescent sparkler with a delicious bouquet of brioche, white flowers and sugar cookies. Pleasantly dry with notes of fresh pears and pineapple, it's an elegant wine with vibrant acidity and a rich minerality throughout."	Reserve Brut	87	20	Georgia			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bagrationi 1882 2007 Reserve Brut Sparkling (Georgia)	Sparkling Blend	Bagrationi 1882
US	"A witch's brew of five grapes, the Abondante is a fine wine to pair with pizza, offering interesting flavors of berry and stone fruit. What it lacks in focus, it makes up for with plenty of fruit and some unusual complexity."	Abondante	88	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sineann 2010 Abondante Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Sineann
Italy	"This Amarone is made in a more restrained style. It shows black cherry, raisin and black pepper sensations. While it's not overly complex, it has great fruit and spice flavors, and is perfect to accompany seasoned dishes, like grilled Portobello mushroom steaks."		89	50	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Zonin 2009  Amarone della Valpolicella	Red Blend	Zonin
Spain	"Berry aromas are jammy and show a pinch of green. The palate matches the nose; it's jammy and soft, with blackberry and spiced plum flavors. Tastes good and rich but feels heavy and a little flabby."	Los Cantos	86	23	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Torremilanos 2008 Los Cantos  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Finca Torremilanos
US	"Beautifully aromatic, this weaves exotic scents of coffee, smoke, black cherry, cassis, moist earth, lead pencil, and toffee into a lush tapestry. Smooth, fruity, flavorful, soft and balanced, it finishes with lightly grainy tannins that are as supple as leather."		91	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Forgeron 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Forgeron
US	"Tart, tangy lemon flavor meets green apple and quince in this lush, oaky wine. Its texture is robust."		85	26	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ty Caton 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Ty Caton
US	"This bottling by fine producer Kunde always shows a grassy, hay-like note to the citrus fruit flavors, so if that's your style, you'll like it. The wine itself is only lightly oaked, and feels crisp and clean in the mouth, as well as dry. The low alcohol is a pleasure."	Magnolia Lane	87	15	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kunde 2009 Magnolia Lane Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kunde
US	"Aromas of citrus rind, baking spice and baked bread fill the aromas. The palate is tart with lively fruit flavors."	Brillánte Brut Méthode Traditionnelle	87	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Castillo De Feliciana 2014 Brillánte Brut Méthode Traditionnelle Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Castillo De Feliciana
US	"The deep gold color of this relatively young wine suggests that oxidation is setting in. But wait! This wine explodes into full glory 24 hours after first being opened. It begins with intense aromas and flavors of dried apricots, apples and a hint of ginger, showing impressive length on the finish. It turns into a breathtaking, spätlese-style effort on the palate, with honey, Meyer lemon and ripe grapefruit flavors."		94	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amity 2013 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Amity
US	"A showcase for the dusty, wild berry aromatics of this AVA, this wine delivers a firm, concentrated core of cranberry and raspberry fruit tones. Highlights of cannabis and tobacco come through also, not atypical for some Oregon vineyards, and the depth and length are impressive. Drink now through 2030."	Bieze Vineyard	92	65	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Harper Voit 2013 Bieze Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Harper Voit
Italy	"Fragrant and crisp, this has delicate aromas of yellow stone fruit, grapefruit, crushed stone and a whiff of aromatic herb. The vibrant palate doles out yellow peach, Meyer lemon, mineral and a hint of sage alongside racy acidity."	Herzu	91	30	Piedmont	Langhe		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Germano Ettore 2014 Herzu Riesling (Langhe)	Riesling	Germano Ettore
Chile	"Tight, pure blackberry and cassis aromas are composed. This is a better-balanced wine than the sticky, overly oaked 2012 version. Leading toasty chocolate flavors go well with secondary spiced berry and cassis notes. A note of vanilla comes out on the finish."	La Finca Clos D'Angel	91	17	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montes 2013 La Finca Clos D'Angel Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Montes
Australia	"Even Jim Barry's entry-level Cabernet—The Cover Drive—is a hit. Blending various South Australian sources, it takes jammy blackberry fruit, backs it with darker notes of chocolate and layers atop a briary, herbal component, all working together to ably conceal its 15% alcohol. Drink now–2012."	The Cover Drive	89	19	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Jim Barry 2005 The Cover Drive Cabernet Sauvignon (South Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jim Barry
US	"This wine is soft and velvety, awash in classic notes of black currant and berry, textured in full-bodied, oaky waves of toast and cigar box. Approachable on the palate, it winds its way powerfully though softly from start to lengthy finish."	Estate Grown	91	70	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Turnbull 2012 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Turnbull
France	"This full-bodied wine is rounded and soft. With generous red fruits, balanced acidity and a bright aftertaste, it is ready to drink."		87	16	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Goudichaud 2016 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Goudichaud
US	"Not quite as ripe as previous vintages, with an earthy, herbal edge, but that works to the wine's advantage, highlighting its elegance and class. Smooth, smoky oak frames the blackberry and currant flavors. Should develop bottle complexity over the next 6–8 years."		91	35	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Truchard 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Carneros)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Truchard
Portugal	"Smooth and rich, its tannins are buried in the ripe, sumptuous fruit. It's packed with red-berry, wild-strawberry and raspberry flavors, along with intense and juicy acidity. The structure does have a dry edge that promises aging, although the wine is very ready to drink now."	Redoma	93	30	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Niepoort 2009 Redoma Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Niepoort
Italy	"This forward wine opens with aromas of dried plum marinated in spirits, fleshy black cherry, baking spice and chopped mint that follow through to the warm, full-bodied palate. Velvety tannins support the rich flavors."	Leon Riserva	92	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rivetto 2009 Leon Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Rivetto
Argentina	"This is one exotic number. The nose shows blueberry, boysenberry, charcoal, plenty of oak and hints of cardamom and star anise. A lush, layered palate is intense but doesn't hit too hard, while concentrated blackberry, licorice and spice flavors set up a peppery, minty finish that's stout and structured."	Don David Reserve	91	18	Other	Calchaquí Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Michel Torino 2012 Don David Reserve Malbec (Calchaquí Valley)	Malbec	Michel Torino
US	"This blend of different vineyards is immediately appealing for its silky mouthfeel and delicious flavors. Floods the mouth with raspberries, cherries, red currants, licorice, bacon, dusty herb and sandalwood flavors. So pretty, so polished, so refined. Will develop over the next two–four years."	Occidental Coast	91	40	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Evening Land 2008 Occidental Coast Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Evening Land
Italy	"Torre di Giano is a remarkable example of the freshness and easy drinkability that can be achieved with Umbria's Trebbiano and Grechetto grapes. The blend is food-friendly, well-priced, easy on the palate and makes a great companion to fish, white meat and vegetarian dishes."	Torre di Giano	86	14	Central Italy	Torgiano				Lungarotti 2006 Torre di Giano White (Torgiano)	White Blend	Lungarotti
Spain	"Aromas of toasted white bread and baked apple are yeasty. This feels good on the palate, with mature flavors of apple that steer clear of being too snappy or citric. On the finish this is like the nose: bready and tasting like baked apple."	Conde de Haro Brut	89	26	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Muga 2011 Conde de Haro Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Muga
Chile	"Soft aromas of melon and papaya are simple and mellow. This is modest across the palate, with adequate acidity. Flavors of melon, apple and banana finish creamy, with tropical-fruit residuals and a sweet note of caramel."		86	11	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terrapura 2014 Chardonnay (Curicó Valley)	Chardonnay	Terrapura
US	"Pommard and Dijon clones planted in 2001 fuel this tasty wine. Its dusty plum and black cherry fruit carries a touch of dark chocolate, all framed by firm yet polished tannins. Built to age, it can be enjoyed now with a good decanting."	Clay Court	91	60	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Elk Cove 2015 Clay Court Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Elk Cove
US	"A pretty Sauvignon Blanc, polished and crisp, with a delicate, cleansing mouthfeel, and a dry finish. It has strong flavors of grapefruits, Asian pears and white tobacco, with stimulating spices."		87	22	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			VML 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	VML
Italy	"This wine isn't very expressive, with alcohol dominating both the nose and the palate. It reveals some licorice notes on the palate, along with decent acidity, but no fruit richness."	Campo Grande	84	35	Veneto	Valpolicella Ripasso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Monte Tondo 2011 Campo Grande  (Valpolicella Ripasso)	Red Blend	Monte Tondo
US	"Equal parts Viognier and Roussanne, this offers aromas of ripe peach and flowers that lead to dry, full-bodied flavors that taper toward the finish."	Liquidity	88	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Market Vineyards 2013 Liquidity White (Columbia Valley (WA))	White Blend	Market Vineyards
US	"The wine is enormously ripe, a lip-smackingly fruity 100% Cab that seduces the palate with massive black currant, licorice, sweet date and cedar flavors. Yet it has a tannic astringency that suggests, although it does not require, aging. Should develop well for at least a decade."	Cyrus Ryan Vineyard	93	90	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Barnett 2005 Cyrus Ryan Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Barnett
US	"Bright and crisp with clean, fresh flavors of apple and pear. It's got some pretty honeysuckle in both the nose and the mouth, and the overall texture, balance and length puts it in with some of Washington's best."		90	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cascadia 2006 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Cascadia
Spain	"Aromas of brick dust and chocolaty oak are lacking in fruit. This feels resiny and sticky, while the flavor profile matches the nose, meaning it's largely fruitless, with a heavy slathering of milk chocolate."	Reserva 5 Years	84	12	Central Spain	Valdepeñas		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Anciano 2009 Reserva 5 Years Tempranillo (Valdepeñas)	Tempranillo	Anciano
Chile	"Opens with a mix of minerality, citrus and powdery white fruit scents. The palate packs tang and zest, while the flavors of green apple and lemon are lean, crisp and citric through the finish. Fresh but a little sharp and monotone."	Selected Terroir	86	10	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2009 Selected Terroir Sauvignon Blanc (Maipo Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Ema
Argentina	"Yeasty aromas indicate that early oxidation is setting in on this blend of Chardonnay, Pinot Grigio and Sauvignon Blanc. A lean palate with sizzling malic acid but little body deals bready flavors of generic white fruits. Oxidized flavor notes return on the finish."	Gaia Made With Organic Grapes	84	20	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaine Bousquet 2016 Gaia Made With Organic Grapes White (Tupungato)	White Blend	Domaine Bousquet
US	"Airfield's owners have been grape growers for almost 40 years—a remarkable track record in Washington state. These vines date back to the late 1970s. Crisp and light with the alcohol just over 12%, it's the sort of low-impact white wine that we rarely see made in the U.S. A perfect little café wine, that should be drunk chilled, from tumblers."		86	14	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Airfield Estates 2006 Sauvignon Blanc (Yakima Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Airfield Estates
New Zealand	"The Ara project has yet to realize its considerable potential. This high-end bottling is a solid, middle-of-the-road Marlborough Pinot Noir, and it displays subdued aromas of dust-coated cherries, with modestly concentrated flavors of cherry and earth and a medium-length finish. Drink it over the next few years."	Select Blocks Single Estate	86	30	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ara 2011 Select Blocks Single Estate Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Ara
US	"This blend of 65% Cabernet Sauvignon, 33% Syrah and 2% Petit Verdot offers broad aromas of cooked cherries with black rocks, mud, dried oregano and pepper. Pepper also shows on the palate, along with pomegranate fruit and tarragon."	Profonde Winemaker's Reserve	89	48	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Callaway 2011 Profonde Winemaker's Reserve Red (Temecula Valley)	Red Blend	Callaway
US	"Light and delicate bubblegum aromas are cut by pink lemonade, a touch of honeydew and a peachy ripeness on this blend of 67% Grenache, 22% Picpoul Blanc, 8% Mourvèdre and 3% Syrah. There is lots of minerality on the sip, with rainy slate and wet cement, as well as rounded watermelon, strawberry and bubblegum flavors, all sliced by lime and tangerine zest."		90	21	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Halter Ranch 2015 Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	Halter Ranch
US	"This is the best of the 2015 vineyard designates from Soléna. It's a pretty wine with bright raspberry fruit. There's a gentle touch of stem, which helps to frame it, and a dark vein of espresso and cacao running through the tannins."	Prince Hill Vineyard	90	48	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Soléna 2015 Prince Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Soléna
US	"A unique blend of Syrah, Barbera, Malbec, Petit Verdot and Mourvèdre all aged in neutral oak, it's a straightforward, easy drinker with sweet notes of plum, cracked pepper and tire rubber."	Horsepower Proprietary	85	16	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	McKinley Springs 2009 Horsepower Proprietary Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	McKinley Springs
France	"Deliciously light and herbal, this smooth, creamy wine is bright, poised with black-currant fruits and ripe gooseberry flavors. Drink this wine young, for its great fruit."	Côtes de Morogues	87	20	Loire Valley	Menetou-Salon		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fournier Père et Fils 2015 Côtes de Morogues  (Menetou-Salon)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fournier Père et Fils
Germany	Pressed apple and dusty mineral notes scent the nose of this subdued slightly savory Riesling. Juicy tangerine and Meyer lemon flavors lend sweetness to the midpalate. The moderately long finish is accented by dustings of pollen and saffron.	Bernkasteler Kurfürstlay Spätlese	86	15	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Leonard Kreusch 2015 Bernkasteler Kurfürstlay Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Leonard Kreusch
US	"Dark in color, this wine packs deep blackberry and boysenberry aromas together with violet, allspice and sandalwood. The palate is redolent of licorice and nutmeg, wrapped in an unrelenting texture that lets the black plum and lilac flavors just peek out. Time will allow this to blossom. Drink 2019–2034."	Ryan Vineyard	94	55	California	Mt. Harlan	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Calera 2014 Ryan Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mt. Harlan)	Pinot Noir	Calera
Portugal	"Big and ripe, this has the firm tannins and solid, mineral structure of the Douro. This is a dense wine, packed with black plum fruits over a dark, concentrated structure. Firm, it also has generous fruitiness. It is ready to drink, but will be better from 2017."	Monte Cascas Grande Reserva	93	45	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casca Wines 2010 Monte Cascas Grande Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Casca Wines
US	"Dried apricot, citrus and brown sugar aromas provide allure. The flavors are sweet but never over the top, showing good balance except for the alcohol, which pokes through on the finish."	Ice Wine	89	25	Idaho	Idaho		Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Colter's Creek 2014 Ice Wine Riesling (Idaho)	Riesling	Colter's Creek
Italy	"Dry and elegant, this refreshing sparkler offers aromas and flavors of ripe white peach, crisp yellow apple, juicy citrus and energizing mineral. Fresh acidity brightens the creamy flavors while a refined, persistent perlage adds finesse."	"51,151 Brut"	90	45	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	"Moser NV 51,151 Brut Chardonnay (Trento)"	Chardonnay	Moser
France	"An aromatic, full-bodied wine from a rich vintage, this has firm tannins and an approachable red-fruit flavor, with spice and toast notes from wood aging. Age this for at least two years."	Les Royaux	89	50	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Laporte 2009 Les Royaux  (Sancerre)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Laporte
New Zealand	"A mouthfilling, off-dry Pinot Gris, Kim Crawford's 2007 continues his success with this variety. Pear and citrus notes finish clean, a refreshing blend of sugar and acid. Drink now."		87	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kim Crawford 2007 Pinot Gris (Marlborough)	Pinot Gris	Kim Crawford
Spain	"This blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Verdejo opens with aromas of bath soap and apple juice. Plump and standard in feel, this tastes of stone fruits and salt. On the finish, which is steady but basic, this tastes bready and leesy."	Hoya de Cadenas 130 Anniversary	86	17	Levante	Valencia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vicente Gandia 2015 Hoya de Cadenas 130 Anniversary White (Valencia)	White Blend	Vicente Gandia
US	"A lighter shade of ruby red in the glass, this wine by young vintner Gavin Chanin—whose original art adorns the label—shows delicate aromas of whole cranberries, shaved fennel and dried tobacco. Pomegranate and cranberry fruits arise on the palate, but pine sap flavors are more prominent, along with licorice and eucalyptus. A strong tannic backbone for such a light wine indicates it will drink amazingly from 2018–2030."	Los Alamos Vineyard	94	50	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chanin 2013 Los Alamos Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Chanin
France	The pure scent of freshly picked strawberries is as enticing on the nose as it is on the palate. The gentle flavors are supported by bright lemony freshness and a frothy fizzy mousse that accentuates the purity of these primary flavors perfectly. All of this spells lightness and ease. The finish is dry and full of strawberry notes.	Brut Rosé	89	22	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Wolfberger NV Brut Rosé Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Wolfberger
US	"This bottling reflects the past several years' fine-tuning the winery's vision in the vineyard and in the cellar. Including small amounts of Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot, it's a rounded, concentrated wine that expresses the vintage with ripe, grippy tannins that beg for further resolution. Blackberry, clove and leather flavors rise to the fore. Cellar through 2035."		95	75	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Inglenook 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Inglenook
Italy	"Citrus, peach and toasted aromas lead the nose on this creamy sparkler. Made entirely with Chardonnay, the palate delivers candied lemon zest, mature Golden Delicious apple and apricot brightened by fresh acidity. It finishes on a ginger note."	Flavio Riserva Brut	91	32	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rotari 2006 Flavio Riserva Brut Chardonnay (Trento)	Chardonnay	Rotari
Chile	"Blocky on the nose, with mild heat and burn to go with standard raspberry aromas. Feels full, with a resiny, oak-based thickness in front of chunky flavors of raspberry and plum. Dry, woody and buttery on the finish."	Castillo de Molina Reserva	85	12	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Pedro 2010 Castillo de Molina Reserva Pinot Noir (Curicó Valley)	Pinot Noir	San Pedro
US	"Concentrated berry aromas meet with bubblegum and hibiscus on the simple and pleasant nose of this pink bottling from the winery's Los Alamos Ranch, which Louis Lucas planted decades ago. The palate shows tart pink grapefruit juice, but is rounded out by a soft texture."	Rose of	88	18	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lucas & Lewellen 2016 Rose of Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Lucas & Lewellen
US	"Overripe, with raisiny flavors, and hot in alcohol. Tart acidity gives it cut."	Summit Creek	81	19	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Opolo 2011 Summit Creek Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Opolo
Chile	"Aromas of tire rubber, mint, clove and green-leaning plum and cherry are less than convincing. This lightweight Cabernet tastes of herbal plum and cherry along with cinnamon powder."		83	8	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Rayun 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rayun
France	"The 2004 vintage is certainly mature, but with a light touch it is still attractive to drink. Mushroom and spice are lifted by juicy acidity. The dryness at the end shows it is ready to drink."	Tradition	84	55	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Thuron 2004 Tradition  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Thuron
US	"From a winery named after a summit train stop between Los Gatos and Santa Cruz comes aromas of red cherry, rhubarb and clove spice. Flavors of vanilla cookies, dried strawberries, black cherries and a spicy dollop of licorice power the tasty palate."	Cave Block Reserve	92	49	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wrights Station 2012 Cave Block Reserve Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Wrights Station
US	"Very dry, tart and brittle, this Pinot, from a famous old vineyard that pioneered the Napa side of Carneros, isn't very lush right now. The cherryskin flavors are more bitter and tannic than you expect from most Pinot Noirs. Really needs lamb, steak or similar rich fare to wake it up."	St. Clair Vineyard	87	75	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Acacia 2006 St. Clair Vineyard Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Acacia
US	The aromas are light and elusive with notes of mineral and pear. It drinks dry with a wash of alcoholic bitterness that runs throughout.	Schmidt Family Vineyards Estate	81	22	Oregon	Southern Oregon	Southern Oregon	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Schmidt 2012 Schmidt Family Vineyards Estate Riesling (Southern Oregon)	Riesling	Schmidt
Spain	"This is a warm, weighty Tempranillo with earthy, leathery, baked berry aromas. The palate is plump but solid and structured, with ripe, mildly salty tasting berry flavors that finish mossy and mature, with an abundance of oak-based vanilla and earth notes."	Varietales	88	20	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Baron De Ley 2010 Varietales  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Baron De Ley
Italy	"Here's a super Tuscan that's made for food, not fireside sipping. It's full of red fruit, mostly currants and plum. There's a menthol/eucalyptus element in there as well. It's already into its aging process and it'll be at its best in another couple of years. However, for a well-regarded wine that's all Cabernet, it is a tad thin in the middle."	Selvamaggio	88	27	Tuscany	Toscana		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Villa La Selva 1997 Selvamaggio Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Villa La Selva
US	"This wine also includes 3% Sémillon, the whole fermented half in oak and half in stainless steel. Simple in its layers of vanilla and fleshy white peach, it shows a wealth of oak and tannin."	Cuvée Blanc	85	34	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Greyscale 2014 Cuvée Blanc Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Greyscale
US	"Rich blackberry and chocolate form around chalky tannins and a juicy palate, with a waft of cigar in the distance. Medium bodied, round and soft, the finish is brushed in cherry and pomegranate."		90	38	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Louis M. Martini 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Louis M. Martini
US	"Over the years Mondavi's Reserve has taken a turn toward Chablis. Fans of lush, superripe Chards will find it tart, but it's really balanced and elegant. With a dry tang of minerals, it shows bright Meyer lemon, lime, pineapple and white peach flavors. One-third new oak adds creamy, smoky vanilla complexities. Should develop over the next six years."	Reserve	93	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Robert Mondavi 2006 Reserve Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Robert Mondavi
Italy	"Aromas of scorched earth, overripe black-skinned fruit and a whiff of game lead the nose. The palate is fresher, offering fleshy black cherry, crushed raspberry, dark cooking spices and a hint of menthol. Firm, fine-grained tannins provide support, while a tobacco note signals the close."	Rocche di Castiglione Falletto	90	40	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Monchiero 2011 Rocche di Castiglione Falletto  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Monchiero
US	Aromas of red fruit and herb are followed by light but pure cherry flavors. It provides a lot of easy-drinking appeal.		87	19	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Boomtown 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Boomtown
US	"A compelling blend of 40% Grenache, 40% Mourvèdre and 20% Syrah, this wine captures your attention from the first sniff. The aromas have a rare mix of fruit, soil, barrel and animal, the sort of complexity that eludes language. It fills the mouth with wild and arresting flavors, sweet cherry fruit, animal, loam, cut tobacco and coffee grounds, all folding into dense, dark tannins."	Métier Red	93	36	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Doyenne 2008 Métier Red Red (Yakima Valley)	Red Blend	Doyenne
France	"Vines planted in 1939 by the current winemaker's grandfather give an impressively ripe wine. It is dense with concentrated tannins, smoky red fruits and still youthful acidity. The wine has a bold juicy character that comes from the open-tank fermentation giving great fruitiness. Drink this wine from 2020."	Santenots Premier Cru	94	145	Burgundy	Volnay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Henri Delagrange 2014 Santenots Premier Cru  (Volnay)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Henri Delagrange
US	"Peppery, rich and low in pronounced oak, this estate-driven Cab has softened tannins and is most definitely drinkable now, with pungent, bright fruit and a lengthy, leathery finish."	Pestoni Family Estate	88	55	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rutherford Grove 2010 Pestoni Family Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rutherford Grove
US	"This is an absolutely lovely Pinot Noir that's softly refined and balanced, yet so complex. It's silky and dry, with waves of raspberries and cherries, red currants, mocha, red licorice and sautéed wild mushrooms. Drink now–2015 for fresh appeal."	OFS	92	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			De Loach 2010 OFS Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	De Loach
US	"A Merlot-based blend with accompanying components of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, this estate-grown wine excels in its subdued, smoky and toasty oak surrounded by juicy blackberry and a hint of graphite and leather. Textured and structured, it needs time, and will be happy in the cellar through 2026."	Elevage	92	95	California	Stags Leap District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chimney Rock 2011 Elevage Red (Stags Leap District)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Chimney Rock
US	An inexpensive Merlot that's herbal. It also shows cranberry and menthol amid a light toasting of oak.		85	15	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Brass Tacks 2009 Merlot (Central Coast)	Merlot	Brass Tacks
Italy	"Made entirely from Sangiovese, this opens with black cherry, white pepper and an earthy underbrush scents. The savory, straightforward palate shows plum, clove and tobacco notes, set against chewy tannins. Enjoy through 2019."	Principe Guerriero	89	28	Tuscany	Montescudaio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pagani de Marchi 2012 Principe Guerriero Sangiovese (Montescudaio)	Sangiovese	Pagani de Marchi
Argentina	"Ripe, warm aromas of leather, licorice and baked black plum are the greeting on this Malbec-led blend. In the mouth, it's extracted, jammy and moderately tannic. Flavors of blackberry, vanilla, marshmallow and chocolate are derived from healthy fruit and plenty of oak. A long, spicy, woody finish offers a lot to chew on. Drink through 2021."	Amano	91	69	Mendoza Province	Agrelo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Decero 2013 Amano Red (Agrelo)	Red Blend	Finca Decero
Italy	"This is but the second vintage in the states of this rich, internationally styled Sangiovese from this catch-all DOC near Montalcino. It's chewy, thick and packed full of black plum and blackberry. Full yet nonaggressive tannins solidify the balance, while potent hints of bitter chocolate and coffee rise up on the finish."		88	17	Tuscany	Sant'Antimo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Fanti 2000 Sangiovese (Sant'Antimo)	Sangiovese	Fanti
Spain	"Reduced, jammy aromas of boysenberry, plum and blueberry set up a woody, choppy feeling palate with tannins that need to mellow. Raisiny berry flavors are on the heavy side, while residual oak notes are prominent. A tannic, drawing finish is dense, woody and in need of settling. Drink through 2030."	Reserva	91	60	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Licenciado 2012 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Licenciado
US	"A lush and expressive bottling from a brand new vineyard, this shows candied black cherry, Vietnamese coffee, baking spice and licorice on the approachable nose. The ripeness extends to the palate, hemmed in by a tannic structure that ensures long aging. Asian pepper, rum barrel, caramel and cherry flavors complete the picture."	Greengate Ranch & Vineyard	93	46	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Claiborne & Churchill 2015 Greengate Ranch & Vineyard Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Claiborne & Churchill
US	"From a vineyard in Nipomo at the southern end of the county, this fresh bottling show strawberries, ripe lavender, exotic rose petals, cinnamon and lots of red-spice notes. The palate is peppy, with tangy cranberry and pomegranate fruit as well as deeper notes of sandalwood, flint and gravel."	Aubaine Vineyard	90	50	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Loring Wine Company 2014 Aubaine Vineyard Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Loring Wine Company
Italy	"This shows enticing aromas of mint, spice and balsamic herbs and delivers a restrained palate of black cherry, with undertones of sage, white pepper, coffee and espresso. This is still aggressively tannic and needs time to soften."	Castellero	90	82	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Barale Fratelli 2009 Castellero  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Barale Fratelli
Spain	"Ripe berry, raisin and Maduro cigar aromas are hefty and convincing for Spanish Syrah. This feels full, with bracing acidity. Flavors of cassis, plum, chocolate and tobacco are steady as a barge on calm water. This is impressive for varietal Syrah from Spain. Drink through 2021."	Hacienda Zorita Natural Reserve	92	30	Northern Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de la Concordia 2011 Hacienda Zorita Natural Reserve Syrah (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León)	Syrah	Marqués de la Concordia
US	"Sweet and candied, with pineapple and tangerine jam, vanilla cream and buttered toast flavors. Interestingly, the oak is from Hungary."		84	15	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Shipwreck 2009 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Shipwreck
Argentina	"What herbal berry aromas this wine has evaporate fast, replaced by oaky clove and other spice notes. Iron tight and tannic, the wine draws on the cheeks. Spiced-up plum flavors set up a rugged finish with hard tannins and spicy berry residuals. Serve with beef or BBQ; it needs it."	Reserva	88	19	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ruca Malen 2015 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ruca Malen
US	"From an especially cool vintage that favored acidity and citrus, this Poet's Leap is a pretty wine, vibrant and full across the palate, with a mix of apple and peach flavors. Clean and balanced, it adds nuances of tea and finally a hint of honey in the extended finish."		93	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Poet's Leap 2010 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Poet's Leap
US	"This wine is a blend of 50% Syrah aged for 40 months in new American oak, with the other half Cabernet Sauvignon aged in new Slovakian oak. Aromas of cardamom, green pepper, cherry, vanilla and anise are followed by abundant baking-spice accents backed by tart fruit flavors. Barrel notes take over the finish."	Heritage Reserve	88	38	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Liberty Lake 2012 Heritage Reserve Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Liberty Lake
Canada	"Hitting the tongue with a slight spritz, this is another elegant, beautifully perfumed Riesling. On the nose, it's billowing with white, waxy floral perfume, honey, fresh apples and a tinge of petrol. The perfume persists on the palate as well, combining with fresh lime juice and notes of slate and wet stone."	Beamsville Bench	87	15	Ontario	Niagara Peninsula		Anna Lee C. Iijima		Cave Spring 2008 Beamsville Bench Riesling (Niagara Peninsula)	Riesling	Cave Spring
France	"The top of the range from Château Ponzac, this is, as its alcohol suggests, pretty powerful. Almost black in color, it's a solid, chunky wine that still has its youthful tannins. Black fruits, berries and damsons are layered with wood and fruit tannins, giving a dense and concentrated character. It needs to age, so drink from 2018."	Eternellement	92	51	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Ponzac 2012 Eternellement Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Ponzac
US	"Jax has struggled to find a style to their Chardonnay. This 2011 is their finest effort to date, although it does show the effects of the chilly vintage, being tight and tart. With lime, orange and papaya flavors, enriched with new French oak, it's rich, yet elegant and restrained."	Cold Creek Ranch Vineyard	90	38	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Jax 2011 Cold Creek Ranch Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Jax
Italy	"Wild berry, crushed herb, violet and baking spice scents lift out of the glass along with a whiff of menthol. Focused and elegantly structured, the delicious palate doles out ripe Marasca cherry, raspberry compote, cinnamon, sage and white pepper, while refined tannins and bright acidity provide supple support and impeccable balance. Drink 2023–2033."	Marcenasco	95	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Renato Ratti 2013 Marcenasco  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Renato Ratti
France	"Old vines lend a fine structure and density to this wine. It's not for longterm aging, with its ripe red plum fruit and generous texture, but is delicious now. Drink from early 2018."	Vieilles Vignes	88	30	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jeannin-Naltet 2015 Vieilles Vignes  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Jeannin-Naltet
US	"Wet slate, cinnamon and allspice notes meet with red cherry, baked black cherry and bramble on the nose of this bottling from a popular single-vineyard source. Clay and chalky earth notes show on the palate, which is very full and rich with tart cherry, black plum and pencil-lead flavors."	Soberanes Vineyard	89	40	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Krutz 2013 Soberanes Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Krutz
US	"This is a rich and powerful blend of 50% Zinfandel, 25% Syrah and 25% Petite Sirah. Quite dark and dense, it offers boisterous aromas of boysenberry and blackberry along with espresso, caramel and a bit of graphite. The palate is extremely juicy with vanilla, caramel and blackberry pie, a bit overwhelming but very hedonistic."	Marteau Rouge	88	32	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Arndt 2014 Marteau Rouge Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Arndt
US	"With a soft mouthfeel and sweet, ripe raspberry, red currant, cola and oak flavors, this is a Pinot to drink now. It would be a mere candy bar, except for an earthy, grounding quality."		87	36	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Amelle 2010 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Amelle
Chile	"San Vicente is part of the Casa Donoso group, and this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère, Malbec and Cabernet Franc smells tarry and blackened, with notes of olive, char, cassis and minerals. The full, layered palate is meaty and integrated, while flavors of spiced blackberry, cassis and pepper end in toasty, dark and lightly herbal fashion. Drink through 2022."	Lukai	92	70	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña San Vicente 2012 Lukai Red (Maule Valley)	Red Blend	Viña San Vicente
US	"On the first sniff, the nose says Port, with caramelized, baked cherry aromas. The wine tastes dry and sharp and watery, with only a hint of Cabernet character."	Grand Reserve	82	27	America					Chateau St. Croix 2003 Grand Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (America)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau St. Croix
Spain	"Despite some spearmint and Band-Aid on the nose, this ready-to-drink wine shows good quality from head to toe. The palate is on the lighter side, with nice acidity pushing smacky, lively red plum and raspberry flavors. Hints of tomato and citrus fruits also get into play."	Crianza	88	18	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Darien 2005 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Darien
US	"Col Solare, the collaboration between Ste. Michelle and Antinori, brought in the first estate grapes this year, but it will be awhile before it becomes an estate wine. The current vintage uses five varieties from a half dozen vineyards scattered across four different AVAs. It's soft, fruity and open, with a firm core of black fruits wrapped into lightly smoky, polished tannins."		91	70	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Col Solare 2006 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Col Solare
US	"A good example of a ripe, robust Dry Creek Valley Zinfandel. It's huge in extracted blackberries, blueberries, chocolate and currants, with all kinds of tangy baking spices. Almost too much of a good thing, but Zin lovers will exult."	Lily Hill Estate	88	40	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Bella 2008 Lily Hill Estate Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Bella
Spain	"Castilla y León can be good bargain country, and all of the 2006 Volteo wines are Best Buy qualifiers. This varietal Tempranillo has a clean, fruity nose backed by bright berry flavors built on a floor or two of structure. It's a composed quaffer with pure flavors, adequate length and overall balance."		87	8	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Volteo 2006 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Volteo
US	"This workhorse vineyard supplies grapes to a wide variety of wines across the entire Ste. Michelle portfolio, but the vineyard-designated wines are much more limited, and they're often the best of show. As the alcohol reaches 15.5%, this selection is sappy, dense and a bit warm. There's plenty of fruit flavor and concentration, but it's difficult to pair such a blockbuster with food."	Cold Creek Vineyard	89	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2009 Cold Creek Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Ste. Michelle
France	"Created as an homage to the traditional powerful “black wines” that set the reputation of Cahors in Medieval times, this wine follows the old practice of heating the grape must before fermentation. The result is enormous concentration, seriously tannic ripe black fruit and considerable acidity. These are all elements that demand aging, and even at four years old this wine is just starting out. Drink from 2021 at the earliest."	Clos Triguedina The New Black Wine	95	112	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Luc Baldès 2013 Clos Triguedina The New Black Wine Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Jean-Luc Baldès
Spain	"Plum and raspberry aromas come with a spicy topping and distant notes of dried cheese and leather. This feels fresh and feminine on the palate, where dry plum and cherry flavors come with hints of vanilla, loam and cocoa. A smooth finish with tea notes is finely composed and elegant. Drink through 2019."	Gran Reserva	92	49	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Mayor 2004 Gran Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Finca Mayor
France	"Crisp and young, this wine, from 50-year-old vines, is tangy and strongly mineral in texture. It is full of fresh fruit that reflects the of organic and biodynamic farming. The green fruits will fill out as it ages. Drink from 2017."	Maison du Villard	90	35	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Lavernette 2014 Maison du Villard  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Château de Lavernette
France	"This is attractive, fruity and lightly balanced wine. It has great wild-strawberry flavors that are laced with just the right amount of acidity. The finish is tight and crisp."	Miradou	86	11	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Miradou 2011 Miradou Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Miradou
Germany	"Dusty mineral and herbaceous green notes juxtapose curiously with slightly overripe apple and peach flavors on the palate of this dry Riesling. Soft tangerine acidity lends a sunny, refreshing tone on the finish."	Trocken	86	30	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Baron Knyphausen 2012 Trocken Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Baron Knyphausen
US	"Enticingly nutty on the nose, with hints of smoke, yeast and apricot kernel, this 2003 vintage bottling from Swedish Hill shows promising signs of development. While fairly aggressive on the attack, it's clean and lemony on the palate, with a softly saline, sea breeze note on the finish."	Brut	86	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Swedish Hill 2003 Brut Sparkling (Finger Lakes)	Sparkling Blend	Swedish Hill
US	"Basically a dessert wine because it jumps beyond the off-dry line into overtly sweet. Shows pastry-filling flavors of apricots and pineapples, with rich vanilla and smoky honey overtones."	White	86	24	California	Anderson Valley				V. Sattui 2008 White Riesling (Anderson Valley)	Riesling	V. Sattui
US	"This is crisp and pure with Edna Valley intensity, offering complex waves of raspberry and cherry pie, savory spice and exotic sandalwood flavors that are girded with tangy minerality. Drink now with steak, lamb or tuna."	Stone Corral Vineyard	92	50	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Talley 2010 Stone Corral Vineyard Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Talley
US	"A triumph, one of the greatest Riverblock bottings in years. This always is a captivating wine, but the '09 is particularly scrumptious. Although it's quite tannic and acidic, it's forward enough in raspberries, cherries and cola to enjoy now. But it's bone dry and as elegant as California Pinot Noir gets. The balance suggests an ability to age for a good 10 years, if not longer."	Rochioli Riverblock Vineyard	96	78	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2009 Rochioli Riverblock Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
US	"Brooding smoke, purple fruit and violet aromas are followed by sumptuous fruit and barrel flavors in this Syrah. Barrel notes linger on the finish, feeling a bit raw but not detracting from the overall enjoyment."	Stillwater Creek Vineyard	90	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Novelty Hill 2014 Stillwater Creek Vineyard Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Novelty Hill
US	"A ripe, almost sweet aroma and flavors recalling blackberry syrup and raisins make this wine rich and tempting. Firm tannins and full body clamp down on the finish."	High Elevation Collection	88	20	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Shannon Ridge 2014 High Elevation Collection Cabernet Sauvignon (Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Shannon Ridge
France	"Named after one of the Merovingian kings of the Franks (7th century), this wine is somewhat more modern in style than that. In fact with its ripe red and black-cherry fruits and balanced, smoky tannins, it's a wine to drink now. It will age though, until 2020."	Cuvée Dagobert	88	18	Loire Valley	Reuilly		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Cordaillat 2014 Cuvée Dagobert Pinot Noir (Reuilly)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Cordaillat
US	"This blend of Petite Sirah and Syrah is soft, rich and heavy. The alcohol is high, and the wine has some heat in the mouthfeel, with jammy raspberry, cherry and sweet oak flavors."	Faith	86	38	California	California	California Other			Aver Family Vineyards 2010 Faith Red (California)	Red Blend	Aver Family Vineyards
US	"There's diamond-like precision on the nose, with white peach, salinity and croissant aromas. The flavors are very even and still unraveling, with tight lemon, apple and salt on the front and pineapple emerging on the finish."	Rincon Vineyard	92	44	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talley 2012 Rincon Vineyard Chardonnay (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
US	"Hailing from some of the oldest blocks at this esteemed vineyard, this standout wine opens with aromas of toasty spices, herbs, coffee, dark cherry and earth. The palate is reserved with tightly wound fruit flavors and tannins that need some time to unfurl."	Sagemoor Vineyard	91	38	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Walla Walla Vintners 2013 Sagemoor Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Walla Walla Vintners
US	"Merlot dominant with a balance of Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine shows aromas of vanilla, coconut and jammy red and black fruit, with the alcohol poking through. The fruit flavors feel supple, backed by gritty tannins."	Limited Release Element	88	36	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Winery 2012 Limited Release Element Red (Wahluke Slope)	Red Blend	Columbia Winery
US	"Made in the popular Chardonnay style, this shows buttered toast, buttercream, pineapple, mango and exotic spice flavors. Drink this rich wine now."		87	20	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Clos La Chance 2009 Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Clos La Chance
France	"Notes of ripe, yellow Mirabelle plums play along with the pear notes and lead to a dry and fresh body. Gentle bitter hints of pith and almond lend texture and frame."	Reserve	89	16	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Dopff Au Moulin 2015 Reserve Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Dopff Au Moulin
US	"This inviting wine smells sweet and jammy. It tastes spicy, lightly oaky and like ripe raspberries. Full bodied and high in alcohol, it's also smooth in texture, mouthfilling and rich. Flavors like chocolate and blackberry mark the finish."	Altitude 2401 Fair Play Farms	90	25	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Perry Creek 2012 Altitude 2401 Fair Play Farms Zinfandel (El Dorado)	Zinfandel	Perry Creek
France	"The second label of classed growth Château Chauvin, this wine is structured yet bears all the fruit that is characteristic of the vintage. Finely balanced, its acidity and black fruit flavors work together to create a wine that needs to age further. Best from 2020."	Folie de Chauvin	91	30	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Chauvin 2014 Folie de Chauvin  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Chauvin
US	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, this wine is soft and tannic, with a puckery mouthfeel. The cherry-berry flavors are jammy. Ready now."	Cuvée Lago	84	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			St. Francis 2007 Cuvée Lago Red (Russian River Valley)	Red Blend	St. Francis
US	"A really wonderful Cabernet, clearly grown well and well made. It has that plush, rich feeling you want in a Cabernet Sauvignon, with deliciously ripe blackberry, black currant, cassis and dark chocolate flavors. Terrific now, and should age for 4–6 years, if not longer."	Papa's Knoll	93	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Buehler 2007 Papa's Knoll Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Buehler
US	"Rich and thick, this full-bodied, ripely bold wine has small amounts of Petite Sirah, Petit Verdot, Syrah, Merlot and Cabernet Franc. Mocha chocolate meets blackberry jam washed down in fresh-brewed coffee, making for a memorable experience."	Estate Grown	90	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ballentine 2014 Estate Grown Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Ballentine
Argentina	"Dense and inky on the bouquet, with blueberry as the core fruit aroma and some grass or alfalfa around the edges. Feels blocky and tannic, with sweet, roasted flavors of black fruits that come with a peppery aftertaste. Full on the finish, with coconut and oaky accents."	Single Vineyard	87	18	Mendoza Province	Agrelo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lamadrid 2010 Single Vineyard Malbec (Agrelo)	Malbec	Lamadrid
US	"Based on Cabernet Franc, this Bordeaux blend is delicious in flavor, but it's also quite tannic and needs some time in the bottle to come around. It floods the palate with blackberry, cherry and currant flavors that have been generously oaked, and finishes dry and balanced. Hold until after 2009."	Le Bijou	89	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Falcor 2003 Le Bijou Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Falcor
US	"A decently made old-vine Lodi Zinfandel that's smooth and soft, with enough clove, cinnamon and brambly character to stand out   and be paired with a range of smoked, grilled and marinated meats and other full-flavored food."	Old Vine Zinfandel	87	15	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Plungerhead 2009 Old Vine Zinfandel Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Plungerhead
US	"This is easily Cuvaison's best Pinot Noir ever. It's not only delicious right out of the bottle, it's an ager. Really flatters the palate with appealing cherry, black raspberry, cola and tangerine fruit, wrapped in a silky texture. Yet it shows a dense, tightly tannic quality that suggest up to 8 years in the cellar."	Block F5	92	45	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Cuvaison 2005 Block F5 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Cuvaison
Spain	"Deep, earthy, ripe aromas of blackberry, cola and asphalt are potent. This varietal Syrah from Catalonia is fleshy and wide across the palate, with tannic grip and structure. Satisfying, lusty flavors of raspberry, plum and cassis come with peppery spice in front of a meaty, firm finish. Drink 2017–2023."	Privat Orbus	92	50	Catalonia	Alella		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Alella 2013 Privat Orbus Syrah (Alella)	Syrah	Alta Alella
South Africa	"Jammy black fruit and berry notes lead the way on this Merlot, with supporting notes of tree bark and black tea. The medium-full mouth offers more juicy dark fruit flavors and dusty tannins that linger through the close. Drink now."		87	28	Paarl			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Plaisir De Merle 2008 Merlot (Paarl)	Merlot	Plaisir De Merle
US	"An ethereally lithe and elegant wine, the aromatic profile and exuberance on the palate suggest savory and spicy specks of pomegranate, cranberry and even rhubarb. It's fresh, structured and well-integrated, with a bite of bark and clove on the rounded finish."	Suacci Vineyard	94	48	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Zepaltas 2013 Suacci Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Zepaltas
US	"So delicious now, you can hardly keep your hands off it. Blackberry tart, ripe blueberry, cassis, milk chocolate, licorice and sweet, smoky cedar flavors flood the mouth, dramatically huge and memorable, and lasting long into the finish. The tannins are obvious, but sweetly ripe and soft. A brilliant evocation of Napa Cabernet, despite a high production level of nearly 30,000 cases, which is about the same size as a Bordeaux first growth. Shows the class and potency this bottling has exhibited for many years, and believe it or not, the price is a relative bargain these days. Drink now–2020."	Special Selection	97	130	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Caymus 2009 Special Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Caymus
US	"Heidi Barrett makes this 100% varietal wine, coaxing lovely, fully ripe cherry and cassis notions from the intensely perfumed glass. A sizable tannic structure girds the fruit, adding graphite and tar accents. It finishes on a dried herb note."	Vintage XI Proprietor Grown	92	100	California	Howell Mountain	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lamborn Family Vineyards 2013 Vintage XI Proprietor Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lamborn Family Vineyards
Italy	"This blend of 80% Montepulciano and 20% Merlot opens with aromas of berry, mocha and toasted coffee bean. The palate is friendly and forward, with plum and blackberry accompanied by a hint of chocolate."	Terra di Confine	87	30	Central Italy	Umbria		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Vitalonga 2011 Terra di Confine Red (Umbria)	Red Blend	Tenuta Vitalonga
Spain	"Lemon-lime aromas are clean but basic. A tangy juice-like palate tastes of briny citrus fruits, while the finish shows standard lime and green-apple flavors."	Cordon Negro Brut	85	12	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Freixenet NV Cordon Negro Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Freixenet
US	"Made from 100% Sauvignon Blanc, with a light touch of oak, this is an easy-drinking wine with crisp acidity and ripeness making it a natural partner for Asian fare. It has intensely ripe apricot, orange, peach and vanilla flavors, with a note of gooseberry."	Soliloquy Vineyard	86	25	California	Oakville	Napa			Flora Springs 2012 Soliloquy Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Oakville)	Sauvignon Blanc	Flora Springs
Argentina	"Gold in color, then soft and smelling of butterscotch, this comes across as having a low pulse. In the mouth, that's confirmed; it's a flat-liner with sweet, creamy, buttery flavors of baked apple and spiced pumpkin. On the finish, it's mostly expired."		82	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	El Enemigo 2012 Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	El Enemigo
US	"Bokisch has made a Tempranillo that's relatively light in body, bursting with an earthy tobacco tone, with a backbone of leather. The palate feels velvety, with soft but structured tannins, bearing black cherry and dark chocolate flavors. This has to be one of California's best Tempranillos."		93	21	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bokisch 2010 Tempranillo (Lodi)	Tempranillo	Bokisch
France	"Mint aromas and new wood flavors mark this smoothly ripe, polished wine. It has a good amount of black fruit, a dry but open texture and a rich, smoky character. The tannins and generous fruit power the wine forward."		91	20	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Tonnelle 2011  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Tonnelle
US	"Aromas of plum and wood spice lead to plentiful blue-fruit flavors that show a fine sense of purity. The tannins provide a dry, lightly astringent squeeze."		88	24	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Mercer 2013 Malbec (Horse Heaven Hills)	Malbec	Mercer
US	"Girardet farms its vineyards organically, does not irrigate, and ferments this wine in stainless steel. The result is a solidly made Pinot Gris, offering lush scents and tastes of ripe pear. Good texture and balance keep it from feeling one dimensional; puts the fruit front and center."		88	16	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Girardet 2006 Pinot Gris (Umpqua Valley)	Pinot Gris	Girardet
US	"From the estate, in the Pritchard Hill area of St. Helena which is worthy of its own appellation, comes this densely structured, impressive but young wine. It's massive in fruity extract and new oak, flooding the mouth with soft, ultrarich flavors of blackberries and dark chocolate and a leathery, peppery, grilled meat quality. This is the kind of wine even a non-red wine drinker will be dazzled by, and connoisseurs will appreciate its power and finesse. Ready now for sheer opulence, and should develop through 2012, at least."	IX Estate	94	290	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Colgin 2006 IX Estate Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Colgin
Argentina	"Grassy, herbal aromas contain little fruit, while this feels firm, with no give to the palate. Green, herbal flavors are low on fruit, and this ends with heat and scratchiness."	Petit Trez	83	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Deumayen 2011 Petit Trez Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Deumayen
Portugal	"From a small sub-region of Lisboa, this stylish, structured wine is firm and tannic. It has plenty of ripe berry fruit to balance the tannins as well as acidity that cuts through the richness of the wine. It is ready to drink."	Quinta das Setencostas	90	11	Alenquer			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2013 Quinta das Setencostas Red (Alenquer)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
France	"This is a powerful wine, full of dark fruits and dense dry tannins. Even at four years old, it is still young. It is impressive in its concentration with fine acidity  and black-plum flavors mingling with the tannins. Drink this serious wine from 2018."	Prestige	93	24	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut-Monplaisir 2012 Prestige Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Haut-Monplaisir
US	"Blackberry and pressed violet aromas lead the nose of this bottling, while charred beef, lava rock and black soil scents provide depth. A roasted game flavor dominates the palate, spiced with black pepper and soy sauce and bolstered by a concentrated base of black fruit."		91	35	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Koehler 2014 Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Koehler
Spain	"Raisin and funky leather are the prime aromas on this marginal Tempranillo. Expect a dried-out, tart and herbal wine, with a raisiny sweetness."	Valdemoreda	80	8	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas del Mundo 2010 Valdemoreda  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas del Mundo
Chile	"Prickly and briney on the nose, with cool-climate crispness to the aromatics. The palate is smooth and fairly thick, with a sticky, grabby mouthfeel and sweet, lightly green and herbal flavors of cherry and plum. Full but flattens on the finish."	Secreto	86	14	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viu Manent 2010 Secreto Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Viu Manent
Spain	"Dusty peach, nectarine and chewing gum aromas are clean and standard. A lively palate shows bright but controlled acidity and citrusy notes. Stone-fruit and red-plum flavors finish mild. Drink this year."		86	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	El Coto 2014 Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	El Coto
US	"This estate-grown Pinot Noir artfully blends seven different clones, capturing the nuances of each, and melding them into a fascinating wine. Dig in—you'll find plenty of black cherry and cassis fruit, streaked with iron, espresso and licorice. The texture and length add more subtlety, with a delicate hint of sandalwood at the very end."	Estate	91	45	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Carabella 2012 Estate Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Carabella
US	"From vineyards at 400 to 1,800 feet in elevation, this wine opens with an intensely aromatic nose of honey and caramel. Sultry and seductive, with full-bodied fruit concentration, it emanates spicy fig, pear and quince, finishing bright with stony minerality."	Estate	92	40	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Stonestreet 2014 Estate Chardonnay (Alexander Valley)	Chardonnay	Stonestreet
France	"A silky, medium-bodied selection, this features elegant notes of cherries, fine leather and baking spices. It's a soft, easy-to-drink wine for immediate consumption."	Les Rabassières	86	15	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Skalli 2009 Les Rabassières Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Skalli
US	"This wine is two thirds Cabernet Sauvignon with the balance being Merlot (25%) and Syrah. Vanilla, cocoa and dark fruit aromas lead to rich, well balanced fruit and barrel flavors that linger on the finish."	Progeny	91	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Kontos 2012 Progeny Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Kontos
US	"Made from fruit grown both on Howell and Diamond mountains, this wine is powerful and concentrated, bursting in mountain tannins. Waxy plum, dried herb, graphite and pencil shavings provide a savory tangy underbelly of woody accents, met and complemented by robust black cherry and cassis, the palate rounded at the finish."	Estate	91	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ladera 2014 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ladera
US	"Soft and seductive, this wine is seriously sexy with its palate-coating flavor-fest that runs from bright, crisp raspberry into ripe Bing cherry. Lemony acids underscore the lush fruit, and 10 months aging in one-third new barrels brings finishing highlights of caramel and toasted coconut."	Elizabeth's Reserve	92	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Adelsheim 2012 Elizabeth's Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Adelsheim
US	"Note the vintage—2009. This is already moving into maturity, loaded with berry-pie fruit flavors, especially blueberry. It's soft and drinking well, with cinnamon and baking spices in abundance. Don't delay—enjoy it over the next couple of years."	Estate	90	34	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gifford Hirlinger 2009 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gifford Hirlinger
France	"Hints of earthy spice and bark add interest to the somewhat muted blackberry and black plum aromas. The wine opens up more on the palate, revealing a lush and creamy texture, with dense blackberry flavors and a sweet oak and vanilla spice that lingers through the finish."		88	15	Languedoc-Roussillon	Côtes du Roussillon		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Domaine Cabirau 2011 Red (Côtes du Roussillon)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine Cabirau
US	"Yummy is the first word that comes to mind, followed by sounds of lip smacking. It's a rich bundle of extracted cherry and raspberry fruit, driven deep with juicy acidity, and bound with ripe tannins. The penetration and vivid tartness are remarkable, and supremely satisfying."		92	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Helix by Reininger 2006 Sangiovese (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Helix by Reininger
Spain	"Hard-spice aromas rest on top of cherry and briar aromas. Fresh and snappy on the palate, this medium-bodied Rioja delivers fully oaked flavors of vanilla and butter along with strawberry and raspberry fruit. A distinct buttery flavor rides high on the finish."		87	11	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aspaldi 2013  Rioja	Red Blend	Aspaldi
US	"Pellegrini's standard-label Chardonnay offers a brightness and vibe that stands out against the winery's oakier Vintner's Blend. There's ample toast and spice here, but it's deftly applied, highlighting the wine's rich, slightly leesy texture. Fresh acidity lends balance and grace. Drink now through 2020."		89	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Pellegrini Vineyards 2015 Chardonnay (North Fork of Long Island)	Chardonnay	Pellegrini Vineyards
US	"This pure Merlot has the grip and muscle often found in Washington fruit; in fact, it's a bit tight at first. Notes of red plum, strawberry and stiff tannins carry the medium finish, with a nice hint of dried herb."	Fahrenheit 100	88	26	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Thomas O'Neil Cellars 2009 Fahrenheit 100 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Thomas O'Neil Cellars
France	"Very easy, slightly confected cherry fruit comes immediately to the fore. The palate has the same candy-ish notion countered with lots of freshness. The body is light, translucent and off dry. Drink soon while berryish aromas are at their peak."		86	15	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Robert Klingenfus 2015 Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Robert Klingenfus
Spain	"Lightly smoked, minerally berry aromas are leathery and ripe, but perfectly healthy. The palate feels entirely in sync, with fine tannins and lasting acidity. Layered, earthy plum and berry flavors are spicy and show notes of vanilla and tobacco prior to a smooth finish. Drink through 2022."	Izarbe Gran Reserva	92	60	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Larchago 2005 Izarbe Gran Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Larchago
Spain	"Jumilla is a red-wine region, but this Sauvignon Blanc is a citrusy example of a tastyquaffable white from the area. Aromas of citrus peel are mildly pyrazinic, while this feels plump and balanced, but with spritz. Core citrus flavors come with a sprinkle of salt."	Blanco	87	14	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Monterebro 2015 Blanco Sauvignon Blanc (Jumilla)	Sauvignon Blanc	Monterebro
US	"While light coral in color, this unusually rich and mouth-filling wine is flavorful, dry and smooth-textured. It smells like watermelon and tastes like ruby grapefruit with just a hint of maple syrup. It is hefty in flavor while light in body, and will be perfect with ham or prosciutto."		89	16	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Terra d'Oro 2015 Rosé (Amador County)	Rosé	Terra d'Oro
US	"Doug Margerum delivers his annual crowd-pleaser with this bottling, which evokes ripe apple, sweet stone fruit and grapefruit pith on the nose. Chalky texture and racy acidity mark the palate, providing the perfect framework for sour kumquat flavors and a cement-like minerality."	Sybarite	88	21	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Margerum 2015 Sybarite Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Margerum
Germany	"Dusty dried herb notes lend a savory tone to this dry Riesling. Straightforward but brisk, it offers abundant lime acidity off set by fresh apple and pear flavors. Drink now."	Estate Dry	86	19	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Bürklin-Wolf 2014 Estate Dry Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Dr. Bürklin-Wolf
US	"Made from Zinfandel, Malbec, Sangiovese and Pinot Noir, this tastes rich in cranberries, watermelons and strawberries. The acidity is refreshingly tart, but the ripe fruit flavors make it somewhat cloying on the palate."	Alma's Napa	84	21	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Tudal 2012 Alma's Napa Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Tudal
France	"The “blanc” in the name refers to the white grapes historically planted in this vineyard. Now the vines are a varied red blend of Syrah, Fer Servadou, Merlot and Duras. Seventh-generation winemaker Jean-Marc Balaran creates a fruity, structured wine that is well-balance. Touches of spice from the wood aging complement the smoothness of the wine with its light, fresh aftertaste. Drink now."	La Vigne Blanche	90	17	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine d'Escausses 2012 La Vigne Blanche Red (Gaillac)	Red Blend	Domaine d'Escausses
US	"There's a sharpness to this Syrah that cuts across the palate like a knife. Even so, it has ripe flavors of berries, cherries and currants. Pair it with rich, fatty foods, like cheeseburgers, to help tame the acids."	Saddle-Up	85	22	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Flocchini 2009 Saddle-Up Syrah (Sonoma Coast)	Syrah	Flocchini
US	"A veritable harvest of sun-kissed peaches and melons, this is an unabashedly forward, fruity dry-style Riesling. Juicy and ripe with soft streaks of acidity, it should be enjoyed now for it's youthful glory."	Dry	88	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Chateau Lafayette Reneau 2013 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Chateau Lafayette Reneau
US	"Dark clay, deep layers of earth, black-cherry bread and black-slate aromas show on the nose of this finely woven wine by Matthias Pippig. The palate is distinctive, with rich yet not overripe black-plum loaf, mocha dust and black cardamom spice hiding behind the silky yet dense structure. Excellent now, it will joyously evolve. Drink 2016–2028."	Loner R13-a	93	80	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sanguis 2013 Loner R13-a Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Sanguis
US	"The blend is 51% Merlot, the rest divided among five other grapes, including Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec. Consequently, it's a bit of a mish-mash, fruity to the point of grapy, medium long, with the barrel flavors unresolved. Give this one another year or two of aging to allow all the components to come together."	Pentatonic	89	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sinclair Estate Vineyards 2009 Pentatonic Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Sinclair Estate Vineyards
US	"A year older than the Riboli family's higher-end San Simeon brand, this bargain bottling is a steal for the oft-ridiculed vintage. Dense elderberry fruit, smoked cedar and dried oregano show on the nose, while the palate is complex and herbacesously Bordelaise in style, with oregano, thyme and dill giving nuance to tart blueberries and black plum fruit."		88	20	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Maddalena 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Maddalena
US	"A reductive note of rubber tire threads through the mélange of cherry cola, iron ore and red licorice flavors in this wine. The components have not yet integrated, leading to a finish marked by bitter skin and tannins. Give it another couple of years of bottle age before pulling the cork."	No Man's Land Wädenswil	86	30	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dauntless 2015 No Man's Land Wädenswil Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Dauntless
US	"Fairly sweet aromas of marzipan, honeysuckle, candied apricot and honeyed orange slices show on the nose of this bottling from a longtime winegrowing family in the Watsonville area. It's much tighter and brighter on the sip, with flavors of slightly sour green-pear skins and poached apple, and a touch of caramel on the finish."	Regan Vineyards Reserve	89	30	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bargetto 2015 Regan Vineyards Reserve Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Bargetto
US	"Redhawk makes an interesting lineup of value-oriented Pinots, this one just a cut above their popular Grateful Red. Medium bodied, it carries fruit flavors of raspberry and plum, with a hint of dark chocolate from aging 13 months in 20% new oak."		89	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Redhawk 2012 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Redhawk
US	"A beautiful wine that asserts itself near the top of the pile of Carneros Chardonnay. Shows brisk acidity and a tangy minerality, with oak-inspired, superripe green apple, Meyer lemon and pear fruit flavors that are wrapped into a creamy texture. Drink now."	Beresini	92	65	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Knights Bridge 2008 Beresini Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Knights Bridge
US	"Hat Trick is the best of the best of Morgan's estate vineyard, which is in the chilliest northwestern part of the Highlands. Acidity stars, giving the wine a brilliant crispness that's so clean and fine. Barrel fermented in one-third new French oak, the wine is incredibly rich and leesy. The terroir has coaxed out complex layers of pineapples, Meyer lemons, limes, apricots and very exotic tropical fruits suggesting golden mangoes and papayas. The oak adds even richer layers of crème brûlée to this vastly enjoyable wine."	Double L Vineyard Hat Trick	95	65	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Morgan 2006 Double L Vineyard Hat Trick Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Morgan
US	"From one of the few Pinot Noir plantings in Paso, this wine is hearty on the nose, with black cherry, black plum, bay leaf, forest berry, balsamic reduction and a rugged earthiness. It's thick on the palate, where strong licorice spice meets with flavors of caramelized beef in a black-plum sauce."	Russell Family Vineyard	92	65	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Portalupi 2014 Russell Family Vineyard Pinot Noir (Paso Robles)	Pinot Noir	Portalupi
Italy	"White flowers, green apple, pear, lime and mineral notes come together on this linear, lightly sparkling wine. Refermenting in the bottle on its yeasts gives it a slightly cloudy appearance and a fine sediment at the bottom. It has a dry, almost austere finish."	Bade	87	20	Veneto	Conegliano Valdobbiadene Prosecco Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Valdellövo 2012 Bade  (Conegliano Valdobbiadene Prosecco Superiore)	Sparkling Blend	Valdellövo
US	"Brisk acidity, like a squeeze of lime juice, highlights the intense cherry, cola and spicy oak notes in this single-vineyard Pinot Noir. Widely likeable yet complex, it's a beautiful steak wine now, and should evolve positively for at least six years."	Sierra Mar Vineyard	91	55	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Bernardus 2011 Sierra Mar Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"Aromas of struck match, seared lemon, roasted apples and a touch of butterscotch prove clean and not overpowering. This is a very straight-ahead Chardonnay, with lemon fruit, chalk and noticeable oak influence."		86	12	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Estancia 2013 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Estancia
US	"Crisp acidity and a cool minerality, like liquid granite, give this wine elegance and complexity. It's rich in tropical fruits, peaches, pears, buttercream and vanilla, with oaky notes of buttered toast and caramel. What a fancy wine to have with Chardonnay-friendly fare, like lobster, crab or scallops in cream sauce."	Sierra Madre Vineyard	92	35	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Fess Parker 2012 Sierra Madre Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Fess Parker
France	"Light and bright with plenty of fruit and a lsoft texture, this lemon-flavored wine has crisp acidity and a ready-to-drink freshness. Drink now."	Le Grand Caillou	84	14	Loire Valley	Val de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Patient Cottat 2014 Le Grand Caillou Sauvignon Blanc (Val de Loire)	Sauvignon Blanc	Patient Cottat
US	"This beautiful wine further confirms the high level of quality in the Pinot Noirs from Dan Goldfield and Steve Dutton. It has a profusion of ripe black cherry and currant flavors, backed by firm acidity and fine-grained tannins, giving it grip. Its balance of concentrated fruit flavors and solid structure indicates a long life in the cellar. Best after 2020."	Angel Camp Vineyard	95	58	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dutton-Goldfield 2014 Angel Camp Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dutton-Goldfield
Italy	"A Type-A wine if ever there was one. It's high-voltage Cabernet, with just a touch of Merlot, and it's layered with cassis, buttery oak, and some toast. The mouthfeel is full but elegant, with mint and clove nuances poking through to impact the bold currant-laden palate. A smooth, well-oaked, persistent finish is the encore. Can easily be aged for a decade."	Lupicaia	93	90	Tuscany	Toscana		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castello del Terriccio 1998 Lupicaia Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castello del Terriccio
Argentina	"Meaty, minty scents accent core cassis, jammy blackberry and oaky aromas. In the mouth, this benchmark Argentinean Malbec is tight and structured, with no flab or excess weight. An exotic mix of blueberry, cassis and Middle East spices finish long, with oak-driven lemony snap. Drink through 2020."	Catena Alta Historic Rows	91	60	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Catena Zapata 2011 Catena Alta Historic Rows Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Catena Zapata
US	"Lemon-candy aromas are rounded with white peach, marshmallow and honeysuckle on the slightly sweet-leaning nose of this bottling. The sip is straightforward with lemon peel, slight marzipan, Gala apple and Bosc pear flavors."	J.D. Hurley Griva Vineyard	87	25	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Martin Ranch 2015 J.D. Hurley Griva Vineyard Chardonnay (Arroyo Seco)	Chardonnay	Martin Ranch
Portugal	"Full of tannins and with the potential of ripe fruit, this wine is young, concentrated and powerful. The alcohol does show as a burn of pepper at the end, spoiling an otherwise well-balanced wine. Produced from a 200-acre vineyard in the Douro Superior, the wine should be ready from 2019."	Passagem	89	25	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta das Bandeiras 2014 Passagem Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta das Bandeiras
US	"The aromas seem a bit stewed, with notes of tomato leaf and pickling spices. The blue-fruit flavors are high octane, showing some heat on the finish."		86	30	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Coach House 2012 Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Coach House
Italy	"Toast, oak, coconut and mocha aromas take center stage and carry over to the palate along with star anise and baking spice. It lacks fruit richness while bracing tannins grip the finish."	San Lorenzo	87	80	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cavalier Bartolomeo 2010 San Lorenzo  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Cavalier Bartolomeo
Chile	"This Cab-Carmenère blend's more of the olive-earth-tree-bark kind than the blackberry-and-oak variety; still, there's enough black berry fruit underneath the outdoorsy aromas and flavors. Finishes with lots of green herb, and a vegetal note."	Reserve - Carmenere/Cabernet Sauvignon	84	17	Maipo Valley					Carmen 1999 Reserve - Carmenere/Cabernet Sauvignon Red (Maipo Valley)	Red Blend	Carmen
Italy	"Aromas of crushed berry, fragrant purple flower, dark spice and a balsamic note almost jump out of the glass. The full-bodied structured palate delivers dried black cherry, raspberry compote, licorice and a hint of clove set against a backbone of firm, refined tannins. Drink 2018–2030."	Vigna Montosoli Riserva	92	80	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Casanuova delle Cerbaie 2010 Vigna Montosoli Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Casanuova delle Cerbaie
Italy	"Aromas recall nail polish remover, black cherry marinated in spirits and exotic spice. The thick palate delivers prune, mocha, dark chocolate and coffee bean alongside velvety tannins. It has a long finish and closes on a bitter, nutty note."	Crosara de le Strie	90	60	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Corte Rugolin 2008 Crosara de le Strie  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Corte Rugolin
Spain	"Applesauce, lime and mineral aromas comprise the shy bouquet on this Cava. It feels round yet alive, with crisp apple and peach flavors. Citrus-driven acidity comes out on the finish."	Brut Reserva Made with Organic Grapes	88	19	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Gelida 2009 Brut Reserva Made with Organic Grapes Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Marqués de Gelida
US	"Light and clear in color this wine is somewhat simple on the palate and marked by the presence of oak. Light bodied, it has flavors of baked bread and strawberry jam that get along well before a wave of vanilla lingers on the finish."		86	16	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	River Road 2014 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	River Road
US	"From a well-farmed site, this wine is invitingly floral in apple-blossom notes, followed by fully developed flavors of peach and meringue. Earthy and complete, it offers concentration and balance."	Sangiacomo Vineyard	92	45	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Landmark 2015 Sangiacomo Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Landmark
US	"Aromas of boysenberry, huckleberry and spice are followed by seamless and polished blue and black-fruit flavors. It delivers a lot of appeal, showing some warmth on the finish."	Red Heaven Vineyard	91	50	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ardor 2015 Red Heaven Vineyard Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	Ardor
Italy	"True to the variety, this expression of Riesling offers touches of nature rubber and kerosene backed by a light and luminous mouthfeel. There's a touch of sweetness as well as a polished mineral aftertaste."	Montiggl	87	20	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Cantina Produttori San Michele Appiano 2010 Montiggl Riesling (Alto Adige)	Riesling	Cantina Produttori San Michele Appiano
US	"Though a bit sulfury at first, some nice aromas of grilled vegetables come through, followed by cedar chips and dragon fruit. It's fairly one-dimensional in the mouth, though nicely structured, with ripe acidity and gentle tannins. Short, dried-cherry finish. Try with grilled flank steak. Drink now."		86	22	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island			Peconic Bay Winery 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (North Fork of Long Island)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Peconic Bay Winery
France	"New wood overwhelms the aromas, and it also dominates the palate of this wine. It just keeps on the right side of drinkability because the spice merges into pear flavors to give an intriguing nutmeg character, while the aftertaste offers freshness. The wine needs at least a year to blend together."	Les Brulés	90	58	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fuissé 2006 Les Brulés  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Château de Fuissé
Israel	"This wine is dark red-violet color to the eye, offering aromas of blackberry, roasted red pepper and juniper berry. It is very smooth on the palate, with flavors of black plum, blackberry, white peach, elderberry and violet. There is a slightly dominant eucalyptus flavor that backs off at the finish, replaced by a fresh cherry juice flavor."	Special Reserve	90	20	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Segal's 2012 Special Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Segal's
France	"With 135 acres under vine, this is a large estate. The high percentage of Merlot in the blend gives this rich wine its ripe blackberry smoky fruits. It is juicy and really fruity with just enough tannin to give the wine shape. Drink this wine from 2020."		91	20	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Greysac 2014  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Greysac
US	"Fermented and aged in both stainless steel and neutral oak, this wine opens with a heady aroma of lemon cookie covered in powdered sugar, as a spicier element of lemongrass rears its head. Bright in acidity and focused, this textured white also shows highlights of grapefruit and dried herb."	Estate Grown	91	26	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Belden Barns 2015 Estate Grown Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma Mountain)	Sauvignon Blanc	Belden Barns
Italy	"This red Passito dessert wine from Tuscany offers bittersweet aromas of wild cherry, raspberry, cassis and cola. It makes a simple but clean impression in the mouth and would pair with chocolate brownies or cherry pie."	Scalabreto 500ml	86	32	Tuscany	Toscana				Morisfarms 2008 Scalabreto 500ml Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Morisfarms
US	"Aromas of barrel toast, kiwi and pineapple lead to a sweet, slightly lean, tropical-fruit-filled palate that delivers a lot of easy-drinking pleasure."	Proprietor's Reserve Tudor Hills Vineyard	88	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Maryhill 2015 Proprietor's Reserve Tudor Hills Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Maryhill
US	"Green apple with a squeeze of fresh lemon makes for a basic and easy unoaked Chardonnay. While standard and simple, this is a perfectly enjoyable wine to pair with lighter fare."	Unwooded	85	15	Michigan	Old Mission Peninsula		Alexander Peartree		Bowers Harbor 2013 Unwooded Chardonnay (Old Mission Peninsula)	Chardonnay	Bowers Harbor
US	"Smooth, viscous and velvety on the palate. This is always St. Supéry's best shot at Cabernet, sporting black currant, blackberry, sage, thyme, coffee and anise flavors. They weave their way along the palate to a long finish. —J.M."	Dollarhide Ranch	91	70	California	Napa Valley	Napa			St. Supéry 1999 Dollarhide Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	St. Supéry
Italy	"Forest floor, chopped herb, iris and red berry aromas lead the nose on this medium-bodied red. On the smooth silky palate, notes of star anise and white pepper accent juicy red berry alongside supple tannins and bright acidity."		89	21	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Collosorbo 2014  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Collosorbo
Italy	"You'll love the powerful richness and natural concentration of this beautiful Barolo. It boasts masculine renderings of cherry liqueur, carob pod, red rose and sassy cinnamon spice. The wine shows great aging potential (10 years or more) thanks to its firm tannins and fresh acidity."		93	55	Piedmont	Barolo				Aurelio Settimo 2007  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Aurelio Settimo
Italy	"Made from the younger vines at Tenuta San Guido, home to the legendary Sassicaia, this bright wine delivers vibrant red cherry, fleshy raspberry and blackberry; notes of white pepper give some depth. It has polished tannins and is made to be enjoyed young, so drink soon."	Le Difese	90	35	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta San Guido 2011 Le Difese Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta San Guido
US	"The nose is rich with aromas of butterscotch and vanilla, with a vein of melon and lemon adding levity. Rich and weighty, the palate follows suit, yet clean citrus brings brightness that shines through the finish."	Signature Castillo Vineyard	88	35	Colorado	Colorado		Alexander Peartree		Sutcliffe 2012 Signature Castillo Vineyard Chardonnay (Colorado)	Chardonnay	Sutcliffe
Chile	"Jammy, earthy and baked on the nose, this ripe Merlot is dishing plenty of black plum and blackberry characteristics from front to back. The palate is concentrated and borderline syrupy in feel, while ripe, baked blackberry flavors come with chocolaty oak and vanilla on the finish."	Nimbus Single Vineyard	89	15	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2012 Nimbus Single Vineyard Merlot (Colchagua Valley)	Merlot	Viña Casablanca
France	"This rich wine comes from the sheltered vineyards close to Mount Sainte-Victoire. The weight of the ripe fruit gives a full-bodied style with both acidity and a spicy, peppery character. This is a wine to hold for a few months and drink from late 2017."		91	17	Provence	Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Houchart 2016 Rosé (Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire)	Rosé	Domaine Houchart
US	"From a selection of vineyard sites and clones, this wine offers juicy acidity behind a wave of plummy red and black cherry, an earthy foundation keeping things real. Oak and tannins are well integrated, and plenty of clove flavor make for a spicy finish. This gets extra attention for the awesome label."	Small Town	91	50	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Eric Kent 2013 Small Town Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Eric Kent
New Zealand	"Favoring a more tropical spectrum, this wine offers aromas of pineapple and white flowers with some lemon and a touch of grass. The palate comes with a little weight alongside a nice lick of acidity and a long pineapple and citrus finish."	Three Paddles	87	15	Martinborough					Nga Waka 2015 Three Paddles Sauvignon Blanc (Martinborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Nga Waka
US	"Aromas of woodspice, cedar, cranberry and cherry are at the fore on this 100% varietal wine. It shows concentration, finesse and polish, with dry, chewy tannins lending support."	Nefer III Estate Grown	91	125	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Obelisco Estate 2012 Nefer III Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Obelisco Estate
US	"An 84% Cabernet Sauvignon with 12% Cabernet Franc and 4% Malbec, it reveals a plethora of oak nestled around dried cranberry, bittersweet chocolate and cigar. Medium bodied, it benefits from additional time in the glass."		83	26	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Antic 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Antic
Australia	"Having earned its reputation as one of Australia's finest Chardonnays, the challenge is then to maintain that level of quality. The 2010 Art Series certainly does that. Enticing aromas of woodsmoke, peach and pink grapefruit give way to intense flavors of citrus and stone fruit on the palate. It's full bodied, yet with great focus and length, ending crisply despite the wine's inherent richness. Drink now–2020, perhaps longer."	Art Series	94	89	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Leeuwin Estate 2010 Art Series Chardonnay (Margaret River)	Chardonnay	Leeuwin Estate
US	"Rustic and tough but dry, with berry and currant flavors and a spicy finish. Drink now."	Estate Grown	82	19	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Lions Peak 2006 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lions Peak
US	"This fine wine is made in larger quantities than many of the producer's other offerings, affording a chance to be introduced to a lovely white characteristic of the vintage and region in its friendly waves of pineapple, lemon and Gravenstein apple. Chalky on the palate at first, it provides a medium body and length with a back note of herb and anise."		88	25	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	MacRostie 2014 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	MacRostie
France	"This is a rich wine, full bodied and packed with fruit. Ripe red-berry flavors are just touched by pepper and spice. It comes from selected parcels in the Faulkner family's estate, giving a concentrated, dense wine that will work best with food."	Aurélia	91	25	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Grand Cros 2015 Aurélia Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine du Grand Cros
US	"A 50/50 blend of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, this brings sweet cherry flavors to the forefront, albeit with some noticeable volatility. You can taste it in the slightly vinegary finish; but that said, it's a perfectly pleasant wine with enough fruit to carry it for a couple more years."	FV Red Wine	87	18	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Foundry Vineyards 2006 FV Red Wine Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Foundry Vineyards
US	"Chardonnays from Mount Veeder are rare, but the mountain can be a good home for that variety. Godspeed's 2012 is dry, brisk in acidity and enormously rich in tropical fruit, pear and apricot fruit flavors, enhanced with oak. Drink this Chard now with fancy fare, such as wild mushroom risotto, ahi tuna tartare and chicken lasagna."	Estate Grown	90	30	California	Mount Veeder	Napa			Godspeed 2012 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Mount Veeder)	Chardonnay	Godspeed
Italy	"Black currant, graphite and meat juice aromas lead the nose on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Sangiovese. On the forward palate, notes of bitter dark chocolate and sweet spice accent blackberry jam and dried cherries. Tightly woven tannins provide the framework. Drink soon to capture what remains of the fruit richness."	Ebo	87	24	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Petra 2012 Ebo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Petra
US	"A Riesling that's quite sweet, its best feature is its perfumed, flowery nose. It's tropical flavors come off as slightly too sweet, so try pairing it with a simple pear tart."		85	15	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fenestra 2010 Riesling (Arroyo Seco)	Riesling	Fenestra
US	"This brings off-putting aromas of barnyard, compost and rubber, without the fruit to compensate. Thin dilute berry flavors are buried in the mix, and it feels flat in the mouth."	Red Cap	84	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Montinore 2014 Red Cap Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Montinore
Argentina	"On the first pass the wine smells rubbery and minty, with a note of green herbs poking through. Gets jammier and fruitier with airing, and in the mouth it's blocky and resiny, with herb-infused flavors of berry and plum accented by lactic oak. Finishes sweet, muscular and sticky."	Famiglia Bianchi	86	19	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2009 Famiglia Bianchi Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Valentin Bianchi
France	"This intriguing white blends 65% Ugni Blanc, 25% Rolle (Vermentino) and 15% Sauvignon Blanc into a ripe, honeyed wine—a product of the warm vintage. Yet despite the ripeness and bold orange flavors, it remains dry, even showing some minerality on the finish."		87	16	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château Revelette 2006 White (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	White Blend	Château Revelette
Italy	"This blend of Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot opens with savory aromas of cured meat and dusty black pepper with some black olive, licorice and dried cassis. The wine shows a brawny personality with tight, slightly gritty tannins on the close."	Poggio Stella Pleos	87	19	Tuscany	Rosso di Toscana				Vecchia Cantina di Montepulciano 2008 Poggio Stella Pleos Red (Rosso di Toscana)	Red Blend	Vecchia Cantina di Montepulciano
France	"Powerful and finely structured, this rich wine has swathes of red plum and red berry flavors that balance the core of solid tannins. It shows the ripe fruit and structure of the vintage. Age this for 2–3 years."		90	50	Burgundy	Gevrey-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jaffelin 2010  Gevrey-Chambertin	Pinot Noir	Jaffelin
US	"Full-bodied and heavy in the Loring style, an extracted wine filled with exciting fruit and berry flavors, but lacking the delicacy and finesse you expect from Pinot Noir."	Keefer Ranch Vineyard	85	50	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			Loring Wine Company 2007 Keefer Ranch Vineyard Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Loring Wine Company
Chile	"The nose has some pine-based cleaner aromas to it, but not much luscious fruit. The palate has apple, pear and melon flavors, but they are more vague than distinct. The finish is a continuation of what you get on the palate, but at the end you get a hint of toffee or caramel. Straightforward and basic; not nuanced or exotic."	Morande Pionero	84	7	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Morandé 2001 Morande Pionero Chardonnay (Central Valley)	Chardonnay	Morandé
US	"What's so likeable about this Pinot is its dryness, silkiness and elegance. It shows a cool-climate structure, with a bite of acidity and fine tannins, and tantalizing flavors of raspberries, cherries, cola and minerals. Should develop in the bottle over the next six years."	Morning Dew Ranch	93	50	California	Anderson Valley				Brogan 2007 Morning Dew Ranch Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Brogan
Italy	"This is a classic Barbaresco, offering a quintessential Nebbiolo fragrance of rose, tobacco and Alpine herbs. The palate delivers wild cherry and raspberry flavors, with notes of white pepper, mint and mineral. It boasts structure, elegance and depth."		91	37	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Livio Voghera 2009  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Livio Voghera
France	"This is the second wine from one of the group of chateaus with Corbin in their names. It is a tight wine, firm with tannins and with a concentrated texture and flavors of over-extraction. That said, the wine will probably develop over time into something serious with a dark, dense aftertaste."	Divin de Corbin	90	35	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Corbin 2014 Divin de Corbin  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Corbin
US	"This wine is full bodied, complex and layered, offering a good example of a flavorful, intricate wine that wins fans by finesse, not force. Cedar, mint and tobacco animate the aromas, and lightly tart blackberry and black plum flavors fill the midpalate. With a moderate dose of fine tannins, it has the grip for juicy beef and pork pairings."		90	24	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Oak Farm 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Oak Farm
Portugal	"From vines close to the medieval castle of Numão in the Douro Superior, this wine represents the top of the range for this family-owned estate. Layers of new wood vie with the ripe fruit of this wine that offers spice as well as black-plum fruits and acidity. It is developing well, giving a rich wine that will be ready to drink from 2019."	Conceito	92	50	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Conceito Vinhos 2014 Conceito Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Conceito Vinhos
Argentina	"Plum, tomato and spice aromas turn more floral with airing. This is a dry pinching tannic Malbec with herbal plum and cherry flavors that are also peculiarly salty. A tannic dry sturdy finish offers plenty to chew on. Drink through 2022."	Monteagrelo	89	27	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bressia 2014 Monteagrelo Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bressia
US	"Herb, baking spice and exotic spice aromas are followed by tart luscious cranberry and cherry flavors. It comes off as a bit oaky but it still brings a lot of appeal."		89	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Vino La Monarcha 2013 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Vino La Monarcha
Austria	"Taut grapefruit zest on the nose relaxes into lovely mandarin fruit and zest on the palate. This is fresh and fruity, flavorsome and rounded by rich mandarin flavor as only a slender, willowy Riesling can be. Totally refreshing with a pristine finish. This dances and pirouettes like a ballerina."	Berg Reserve	93	72	Traisental			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Markus Huber 2014 Berg Reserve Riesling (Traisental)	Riesling	Markus Huber
US	"This is a solid Cabernet that shows the promise of the appellation in the central part of Monterey's Salinas Valley. It's dry and medium-bodied, with savory red-cherry candy, cranberry and currant flavors."		88	12	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Muirwood 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Arroyo Seco)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Muirwood
US	"A beautiful Chardonnay, solidly in the Gainey style of balance and integrity, but also showing the cool climate terroir of its origins as well as the excellence of the vintage. The result is this crisp, richly oaked but balanced young wine. It brims with tropical fruits and spices."		92	25	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Gainey 2007 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Gainey
France	"From vineyards across Burgundy, this soft wine is an attractive entry point to the region. It has red fruit and a soft character, with just some youthful tannins that melt as it opens. Drink now."		86	13	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Florent Descombe 2015  Bourgogne	Pinot Noir	Florent Descombe
Austria	"An attractive, perfumed blend of Chardonnay and Muscat grapes, very summery, fresh and crisp. There's lively acidity, quince and pear flavors and a vibrant fruity aftertaste. Screwcap."	Trie	87	15	Burgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Gunter Triebaumer 2007 Trie White (Burgenland)	White Blend	Gunter Triebaumer
US	"This 100% varietal wine hails from Blackrock, Mirage and Summit View vineyards. Barrel notes of cocoa, vanilla and coconut are at the fore, along with notes of dried cranberry and cherry. The palate is full bodied, with luscious fruit and barrel flavors that provide appeal."	Reserve	88	23	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2014 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Waterbrook
US	"No doubt this is mountain grown Zin, still tight but revealing nice aromatics of cherry and spicy licorice on the finish, accompanied by a healthy helping of espresso, wrapped in smooth tannins all around. Should only get better over the next year or two."		88	24	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Andis 2009 Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Andis
US	"A pleasant minty character, somewhere between purple Thai basil and toothpaste, emerges from this 60% Zinfandel and 40% Syrah blend, along with strawberry pie aromas. It's still tightly wound and tart on the palate, with hints of red and black licorice that will emerge over time."	Jonquille	91	26	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joullian 2010 Jonquille Red (Carmel Valley)	Red Blend	Joullian
US	"This Sauvignon Blanc has very strong, ripe flavors of grilled pineapples, peaches, lemons and mangoes. Crisp, citrusy acidity fortunately balances out the rich fruity sweetness. A lovely cocktail sipper with some real complexity."	Refugio Ranch	88	23	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Coquelicot 2008 Refugio Ranch Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Coquelicot
US	"An easy-drinking, weekday type of red wine that is smooth and light in texture and body, and modestly flavored with notes of plum and dried herbs."		83	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Twin Arches 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Twin Arches
Australia	"Don't let a slight hint of burnt-match aroma bother you—just decant this wine to aerate it before serving. Crisp apple, pineapple and citrus flavors are fresh and straightforward, showing decent length and intensity."	Unwooded	86	15	Western Australia	Western Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	West Cape Howe 2006 Unwooded Chardonnay (Western Australia)	Chardonnay	West Cape Howe
Italy	"Made with 85% Sangiovese and 15% Ciliegiolo, this vibrant wine doles out black cherry and ripe raspberry. Hints of white pepper add depth while supple tannins and bright acidity give it an easy-drinking, refreshing quality."	Bellamarsilia	88	18	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio Argentiera 2013 Bellamarsilia  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Poggio Argentiera
US	"Equal proportions of Cabernet Franc and Merlot yield this penetrating sour-cherry palate touched with nuts, smoke, bramble and herb. It's refreshingly light bodied, marked by a crush of cranberry acidity and finely grained tannins."	Mirth	88	24	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Serenity 2012 Mirth Red (Finger Lakes)	Red Blend	Serenity
US	"There's a feral quality to this wine, with its flavors of wild forest berries, red currants, cola, spicy smoked meats, tangerine zest and sandalwood, and hints of pine cones, rosemary and thyme. It's big and dry and, although silky in the mouth, tannic. An impressive young Pinot Noir that should be cellared for 5–6 years, at least."	Wildcat Mountain Vineyard	93	45	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Talisman 2007 Wildcat Mountain Vineyard Pinot Noir (Los Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Talisman
US	"Sweet aromas of almond paste and stone fruit, as well as green apple, mark this wine fermented in stainless steel tanks. It has a slight effervescence and a hint of lime and Asian pear on the finish."	Reserve Unoaked	85	16	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	River Road 2013 Reserve Unoaked Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	River Road
Portugal	This full-bodied wine conveys Douro warmth. A light touch of tannin gives it shape. Pepper and red-berry fruits complete a generous wine that will be best with food. Drink now.		87	30	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta Nova de Nossa Senhora do Carmo 2016 Rosé (Douro)	Rosé	Quinta Nova de Nossa Senhora do Carmo
Israel	"Light straw in the glass, this wine has aromas of pineapple and lemon zest. Refreshing on the palate, it offers flavors of clementine, lemon, orange rind, and honeysuckle. The finish features a lasting sense of brightness."	Classic	88	12	Dan			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Barkan 2014 Classic Chardonnay (Dan)	Chardonnay	Barkan
US	"With fruit from Funk, Dugger Creek and Watermill Estate vineyards, this delivers funky peat, olive and fresh tobacco aromas. The flavors are light, soft and palate-coating, gliding into the finish. A subtle rendition of the variety."		89	38	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Saviah 2014 Tempranillo (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Tempranillo	Saviah
US	"A little simple and soft, but a pretty good approximation of Russian River Valley Pinot Noir. Shows raspberry jam, cola, red licorice and sandalwood flavors, wrapped into a silky texture."		86	17	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Sea Mist 2008 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sea Mist
US	"An extraordinary Chardonnay whose complicated richness is balanced with tight acidity and a firm grounding of stony minerals. Brings to mind a great Chablis, with its zesty tang followed by elaborate layers of tropical fruits and pears. Utterly delicious, wildly appealing, a wine that will develop bottle interest over the next six years. Only 97 cases were produced."	Precioso	95	75	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Keller Estate 2007 Precioso Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Keller Estate
France	"Structured and at the same time fruity, this is a wine with good potential. Its tannins and its acidity are balanced to give a warm wine that will be fine to drink from 2019."		86	17	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Timberlay 2015  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Timberlay
US	Attractive hints of oak in the aroma and fresh cherry-berry flavors make this medium-bodied wine interesting. A good layer of fine tannins adds welcome traction to the texture.	Rocky Top	87	18	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sobon Estate 2013 Rocky Top Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Sobon Estate
US	"A blend of lots from the cooler Los Alamos Vineyard and warmer Valley View Vineyard near Solvang, this bottling offers kaffir lime, jasmine and steeliness on the light and easy nose. Crisp lime flavors make for a tangy sip in this simple but quite pleasant wine."		87	18	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lucas & Lewellen 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Barbara County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Lucas & Lewellen
US	"A mild concentration of cherry, green herb, spice and rose petals mark the nose. Softly grained tannins offer just enough grip to this medium-bodied wine, with high-toned cherry and cranberry leading the flavors."	Arrivato 1913 Ameritage	86	29	Virginia	Virginia		Alexander Peartree		James Charles 2014 Arrivato 1913 Ameritage Red (Virginia)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	James Charles
US	"This is a combination of 2003 Petite Sirah, as well as Syrah from both 2001 and 2004. Vineyards from Spring Mountain comprise a majority of the blend. The multi-vintage approach works well, for the wine has the softness and bouquet of an older wine, with the fresh, ripe fruit and acidity of a young one. Raspberries, cherries, blueberries, plums and sweet leather and Asian spices are the main flavors."	3&4 Max Cuvée	91	38	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Fife NV 3&4 Max Cuvée Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Fife
US	"Fiesta is the lightest, most fruit forward of the four different Tempranillos from Abacela. In a great year such as this, it's also substantial and authoritative, with deeply driven flavors of red and blueberry fruit, a whiff of oak and slightly grainy tannins. This wine clearly over-delivers for the price."	Fiesta	91	23	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abacela 2014 Fiesta Tempranillo (Umpqua Valley)	Tempranillo	Abacela
US	"This bottling always strives to avoid a heavy hand and express more of a terroir-driven Chardonnay. This is bone dry, tart in mouthwatering acidity and complex in citrus, tropical fruit and herb flavors. It's not an opulent attention getter, but instead prefers to seduce through subtlety and nuance."	Reserve	92	40	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Robert Mondavi 2010 Reserve Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Robert Mondavi
US	"Made from 60% Syrah and 40% Merlot, this wine offers aromas of cigar box, toffee, red apple and herb. It drinks a hair off dry, with medium-bodied fruit flavors and gritty tannins."	Rainier	83	9	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Washington Hills NV Rainier Red (Washington)	Red Blend	Washington Hills
South Africa	"A bit muted and shy on the nose, with faint accents of fresh grass, sweet citrus and just-ripe gooseberry. The palate offers a pithy-citrus flavor, adding a touch of bitterness to the clean close."	Sutherland	85	15	Elgin			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Thelema 2010 Sutherland Sauvignon Blanc (Elgin)	Sauvignon Blanc	Thelema
US	"An earthy aroma, light apricot and lemon flavors and crisp, tangy texture add up to a lean, medium-bodied and refreshing wine made from Pinot Noir grapes."		87	20	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Navarro 2014 Rosé (Anderson Valley)	Rosé	Navarro
France	"This is a ripe and soft wine with pure apple and citrus fruit. It is crisp, juicy and bright with acidity and tangy orange zest flavors. The wine is ready to drink."	Les Sétilles	87	28	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Olivier Leflaive 2014 Les Sétilles  (Bourgogne)	Chardonnay	Olivier Leflaive
US	"A strong Syrah, intense and concentrated in the way of ripe, high-alcohol wines. Shows potent flavors of berries, cherries, bacon and spices, wrapped into smoky oak. Tasty and easy to drink now."	Camel Hill Vineyard	87	55	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Martella 2009 Camel Hill Vineyard Syrah (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Syrah	Martella
US	"This powerful blend of 65% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Petite Sirah, 15% Malbec and 5% Syrah shows maple syrup, caramelized black cherry, graphite and coffee aromas. A solid tannic backbone anchors the wine's richness, its blueberry, smoke, coffee and mocha flavors lingering long into the finish."	Black Widow	91	72	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Woodstock Collection 2014 Black Widow Red (Santa Barbara County)	Red Blend	Woodstock Collection
Italy	"Earthy aromas of underbrush, plum and spice carry over to the palate, along with raspberry, red cherry and espresso flavors. The juicy palate is restrained by firm tannins that follow through to the finish. It's straightforward and enjoyable now, but another year will round it out."		87	14	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Castellina 2011  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	La Castellina
US	"Verve continues to rock with their new Syrah. Fire up the barbie with steak or pork chops to eat with this lusty, full-bodied red wine. It's dry and tannic, with rich, complex flavors of blackberries, black currants, pepper and a sweet, salty meaty note, like the char on a broiled steak."		92	24	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma			Verve 2006 Syrah (Sonoma Mountain)	Syrah	Verve
US	"The earthy aromas of this medium-bodied wine will not be to everyone's liking, but it follows up with very ripe fruit flavors and a smooth texture."		83	13	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Chime 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chime
US	"From a cool vintage, this wine shows aromas of bell pepper, fresh and dried herbs, and raspberries. The fruit and savory flavors are light and tart, with cranberry-like acidity and a tight core of tannins that needs time to unwind."		86	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gamache 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gamache
Italy	"This opens with textbook Nebbiolo aromas of new leather, forest floor, red berry, culinary spice and a whiff of blue flower. On the savory palate, taut, fine-grained tannins and vibrant acidity support Marasca cherry, raspberry compote, star anise and white pepper flavors that should integrate after a few more years in bottle. Drink after 2022."		92	30	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pertinace 2014  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Pertinace
US	"There's a stunning amount of action on the nose of this bottling by Josh Jensen, with dried jasmine, lemon curd, squeezed tangerine, key lime pie and a warm touch of nuttiness. Rounded stonefruit and apple blossoms show on the palate, which is bound by a grapefruit pith grip and features a steadily growing salty character that comes on smooth and strong. A botanical twist hits the finish."		93	40	California	Mt. Harlan	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Calera 2014 Chardonnay (Mt. Harlan)	Chardonnay	Calera
US	"This Cabernet with smaller percentages of Merlot, Petite Sirah and other, unspecified varieties, is slightly overripe in taste, like plums left in the sun. The finish is a bit herbal, verging on green."		84	34	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Louis M. Martini 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Louis M. Martini
France	"This is a crisp and inviting sparkling wine, with bright notes of citrus and apple that are accented by hints of toast. An approachable and wallet-friendly quaff, perfect for holiday entertaining."	Brut Estate Bottled	87	12	Languedoc-Roussillon	Blanquette de Limoux		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Saint-Hilaire 2011 Brut Estate Bottled Sparkling (Blanquette de Limoux)	Sparkling Blend	Saint-Hilaire
US	"Tart, tangy, and herbal, this juicy wine mixes cranberry and strawberry fruit with tomato leaf, herb and peppery spice. If new oak barrels were used, they are not showing themselves at the moment. But the balance, length and detail are delightful."	Gestalt Block	91	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Brittan Vineyards 2007 Gestalt Block Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Brittan Vineyards
US	Sweet candied apple overpowers this oddly textured and flavored wine.	Truchard Vineyard	82	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tedeschi Family 2014 Truchard Vineyard Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Tedeschi Family
US	"This Syrah has a fine, complex structure of tannins and acids, with flashy black currant and oak flavors. Flavors of grilled meat sprinkled with black pepper lend a profile that's characteristically Syrah. Made from 100% Syrah from the winery's Coombsville vineyard, it will develop bottle complexity over the next six years."		92	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Black Cat 2010 Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Black Cat
Spain	"Mild citrus, melon and peach aromas are clean. This wine feels solid and a touch plump, but with agility. Peach and melon flavors are simple, and it's fresh, tasty and fairly elegant on the finish."		88	14	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Evaia 2016 Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Evaia
US	"This vineyard dates to the Civil War era and is owned by Joel and Morgan Peterson, Joel of Ravenswood fame. Funky and selectively spicy, it shows its dry-farmed heritage with dusty tannin and stemmy earth, the density mellowed by piquant red fruit."	Bedrock Vineyard	92	50	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Robert Biale 2014 Bedrock Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Robert Biale
New Zealand	"Silky and delicate in texture, this nearly weightless Pinot Noir offers red cherry-berry aromas and flavors, laced with hints of blossoms and herbs. The tart finish lingers sweetly in an intriguing, paradoxical juxtaposition. Drink now–2025."	The First Paddock Proprietor's Reserve	91	79	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Two Paddocks 2015 The First Paddock Proprietor's Reserve Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Two Paddocks
US	"It's quite rare to find a wine in Washington where Counoise (48%) takes the lead, as on this blend that also includes Syrah and Mourvèdre. It brings notes of sagebrush and other herbs, seeming to show some oxygen exposure that overshadows the silky, generous feel."	Mason's	87	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Robert Ramsay 2012 Mason's Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Robert Ramsay
US	"From two vineyard sites and given thimblefuls of Grenache, Petite Sirah, Carignane, Malbec and Zinfandel, this wine is an ode to the winemaker's lifelong obsession with surfing, with a nod to the wildness of the California coast. Black licorice, dark plum and saddle wrap around tightly wound, powerful tannins and a pronounced minerality. Drink now through 2023."	Savage Coast	91	75	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Longboard 2013 Savage Coast Syrah (Russian River Valley)	Syrah	Longboard
US	"Like it says, this is a sweet bubbly. It has raspberry, strawberry, vanilla and toast flavors that are easy to like. Made from Pinot Noir, Zinfandel, Sangiovese and Syrah, it's a lovely wine for those who like their sparklers on the sweet side."	Sweet Rosé	86	13	California	California	California Other			Korbel NV Sweet Rosé Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
France	"A lightweight wine, almost tangy in its freshness. Wild strawberry flavors give a great liveliness to a wine that is taut in its acidity."	Buissonnier	83	15	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons de Buxy 2008 Buissonnier  (Bourgogne)	Pinot Noir	Vignerons de Buxy
France	"With the same winemaking team as Château Pichon Longueville Comtesse de Lalande in Pauillac, Bernadotte has a good pedigree. The wine is full in the mouth, structured and balanced, with ripe berry fruits bursting out from the tannic shell. The wine will develop well over the next few years; drink from 2017."		90	16	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bernadotte 2012  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Bernadotte
Germany	"Zesty and brisk, with notes of white grapefruit and fresh herbs, this dry, full-bodied Riesling is almost bracingly tart, with flavors of lime and lime-skin. A vibrant pairing with soft, creamy cheese or fatty pork dishes."	Trocken	88	18	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Geh. Rat Dr. von Bassermann-Jordan 2011 Trocken Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Geh. Rat Dr. von Bassermann-Jordan
Greece	"Honey, flowers and citrus aromas are pronounced and pretty in this Chardonnay. Rounded honey, citrus and toasted flavors are balanced and buoyed by acidity, freshness and spice. A very nice everyday white that's both elegant and easygoing."		88	13	Peloponnese			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Cambas 2007 Chardonnay (Peloponnese)	Chardonnay	Cambas
Germany	"Faint whiffs of sugar cookie sweeten this straightforward, fruity wine that's full of juicy tangerine and apple flavors. Spine-tingling acidity lends freshness to the midpalate, leaving a clean finish. Drink now."	Spätlese	88	14	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Carl Graff 2015 Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Carl Graff
Italy	"This is a dark and brooding blend of Barbera and Bonarda that veers towards tobacco, leather and tar to such a far extreme, the fruit is almost overwhelmed in the bouquet. Prune and cassis do make an appearance on the palate, and there's a ripe-fruit note on the close."	Macchiona	87	28	Central Italy	Emilia				La Stoppa 2007 Macchiona Red (Emilia)	Red Blend	La Stoppa
US	"Simple, forward flavors of vanilla syrup and fresh-cut tobacco seem to define the Milbrandt lineup. A tart berry flavor and chocolaty tannins make for a supple, flavorful Merlot."	Traditions	87	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Milbrandt 2009 Traditions Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Milbrandt
US	"Round and lush, this offers soft layers of vanilla, French toast and tarte Tatin. Expansive on the palate, it maintains acidity and a freshness that keeps it inviting in the glass, concocting appealing aromas of lemon chiffon."	Reserve	92	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Cordon 2012 Reserve Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Black Cordon
Italy	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah, this vibrant wine conveys aromas of black currant, red berry and cooking spice. The savory palate offers black cherry and ground pepper alongside relaxed tannins. Drink through 2016."	Borgeri	88	28	Tuscany	Bolgheri		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Giorgio Meletti Cavallari 2013 Borgeri  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Giorgio Meletti Cavallari
Italy	"This shows a soft, velvety personality, with loads of ripe fruit, blackberry and cherry liqueur. Leather, exotic spice and dark chocolate notes complete the picture, giving the wine a rich, generous personality."		88	28	Tuscany	Colli della Toscana Centrale				Piazzano 2009 Syrah (Colli della Toscana Centrale)	Syrah	Piazzano
US	"Though this is near the bottom end of the Rex Hill Pinot pole, it does not suffer from a lack of flavor. Big fruit, organically grown, runs right through the core, a mix of berries, cherries and plums; woven into the fruit is a lightly leafy vein, a whiff of tobacco, and a suggestion of earthy, organic compost. Thoroughly delicious."		90	32	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rex Hill 2008 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Rex Hill
US	"Fans of ripe, sweet fruit will love this Pinot. It's huge in juicy raspberry and cherry, with spicy hints of Dr. Pepper and red licorice. It will be fun to see how the wine evolves over the next 6–8 years."	Gap's Crown	92	49	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			MacPhail 2010 Gap's Crown Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	MacPhail
US	"Broad, welcoming aromas of strawberry and baked red currant are lifted by mint leaf, star anise and white pepper on the nose. Pure raspberry flavors kick-start the palate, followed by waves of anise, bay leaf and juniper, proving this to be a dynamic and minty sip."	La Encantada Vineyard	94	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Montemar Wines 2012 La Encantada Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Montemar Wines
France	"Two thirds Syrah and one-third Mourvèdre, this highly aromatic rosé features hints of passion fruit alongside confected, bubblegum flavors balanced by a squirt of lime on the finish. Drink now."	Cape Bleue	83	13	France Other	Mediterranée		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Jean-Luc Colombo 2015 Cape Bleue Rosé (Mediterranée)	Rosé	Jean-Luc Colombo
France	This still-young wine is jammy while firmly structured with dry tannins. There is a foursquare character that misses subtlety with its broad-brush approach. The wine does need to age and will be ready to drink from 2023.	Collection Tramier	89	140	Burgundy	Corton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	L. Tramier & Fils 2015 Collection Tramier  (Corton)	Pinot Noir	L. Tramier & Fils
Italy	"Vigna Cerretta shapes a smoky wine with notes of black fruit, road tar, licorice and spice. The wine presents an upfront layer of aromas but doesn't offer as much depth after that. Give it time to find harmony and loosen its tight tannins. Drink after 2015."	Vigna Cerretta	89	112	Piedmont	Barolo				Ca'Romè 2005 Vigna Cerretta  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ca'Romè
France	"Enticing notes of ripe yellow apples make for an utterly appetizing opening. The flavors swirl even more exuberantly on the palate, assisted by soft dosage which boosts the fruitiness. This is counteracted by crisp freshness and a soft mousse. The palate finishes dry with lovely notes of apple and honey."	Brut	90	28	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Sipp-Mack 2012 Brut Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Sipp-Mack
France	"The wine, with its firm tannins and solid structure, is still young. The hints of black-plum fruits are way behind the structure. That's all good, because this wine will come together well, to give a rich full wine with spice, juicy black fruits and acidity. Drink from 2020."	Badine de la Patache	93	55	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignobles K 2014 Badine de la Patache  (Pomerol)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Vignobles K
US	"Densely packed aromas of purple flowers, game and tar show on the nose of this entry-level Syrah from the region's Rhône pioneers. Lavender and violet appear on the palate as well, where an impressive density conveys peppery spices yet remains soft in structure."		88	25	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2014 Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Zaca Mesa
US	"The vineyard is in the cooler Green Valley, although you wouldn't know it from the label. The wine shows considerable crispness and dryness, with moderate alcohol. There are some tabasco and balsam notes grounding the richer cherry and sandalwood flavors. It's enormously elegant, a smooth, complex, silky Pinot Noir that should develop through the next six years."	La Masía Don Miguel Vineyard	93	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Marimar Estate 2007 La Masía Don Miguel Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Marimar Estate
Italy	"This superb single-vineyard bottling from the heart of Bussia was macerated on the skins for a whopping 90 days. It's a breathtaking expression of Barolo, with intense Nebbiolo scents of rose, truffle and leather. The palate shows vibrant black cherry, truffle, spice, carob, pastry cream and balsamic herb notes and has remarkable depth and complexity. This is already fantastic and will age well for decades. Imported by Masciarelli Wine Co, Moonlight Wine Co."	Bussia 90 Dì	97	80	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Giacomo Fenocchio 2008 Bussia 90 Dì  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Giacomo Fenocchio
Argentina	"The bouquet is demanding, with burnt tire rubber, horse, heavy char and muddled black-fruit aromas. Feels closed and tastes buttery and burnt, with barrel char and resin sitting heavily atop herbal berry flavors. A heavily made-up wine."		82	15	Other	Cafayate		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Camino del Inca 2011 Malbec (Cafayate)	Malbec	Camino del Inca
US	"This is a big, powerful Bordeaux blend that clearly needs time. Tasted in early 2009, it's very tannic and dry, although you can detect the massive cassis and plum flavors. It would be a pity to open before 2012, if you can keep your hands off it. Could eventually stun. Alpha Omega is a winery to watch."	Proprietary Red Wine	95	82	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Alpha Omega 2006 Proprietary Red Wine Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Alpha Omega
Portugal	"Densely tannic, this is a dark, rich, intense wine. The mature dusty tannins are balanced by acidity, black currant fruitiness and finished with a dry core. It's ready to drink."	Colinas Reserva	88	20	Bairrada			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Ideal Drinks 2008 Colinas Reserva Red (Bairrada)	Portuguese Red	Ideal Drinks
Italy	"Here's a rich, oak-aged blend of Sauvignon, Chardonnay, Ribolla Gialla and Friuliano that shows the aromatic characteristics of Sauvignon backed by the creamy texture of Chardonnay and Ribolla Gialla. This is a thick, ripe wine that lends a touch of melon sweetness in the mouth."	Klin	89	35	Northeastern Italy	Collio				Primosic 2006 Klin White (Collio)	White Blend	Primosic
US	"A robust Merlot for drinking now, this has ripe cherry and chocolate flavors, with a rich veneer of smoky oak. The notoriously hard Diamond Mountain tannins have been wrestled into submission."		88	45	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			Martin Ray 2009 Merlot (Diamond Mountain District)	Merlot	Martin Ray
US	"High in acidity, and with a tangy, minerally flourish, this Chard has ripe flavors of pineapples and papayas, enriched with smoky-sweet, vanilla-accented oak. It's a fashionable wine that will go well with rich fare, such as scallops in a cream sauce."	Corby Vineyard	88	27	California	Anderson Valley				Londer 2006 Corby Vineyard Chardonnay (Anderson Valley)	Chardonnay	Londer
France	"Thanks to the total dedication of owner Jean-Luc Vonderheyden, Monbrison continued to perform outside its class in 2000. Fragrant, perfumed aromas with suggestions of vanilla and lavender make this wine immediately attractive. It is soft, which suggests its aging will be fast, but the liquorice fruit flavors and ripeness will give pleasure after five years."		90	30	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Monbrison 2000  Margaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Monbrison
Italy	This blend of 70% Montepulciano and 30% Sangiovese opens with aromas of prune and mocha that carry over to the palate. It lacks fruit richness and freshness and it's easy to detect evident alcohol.	Nummaria	84	14	Central Italy	Rosso Piceno Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Canosa 2011 Nummaria  (Rosso Piceno Superiore)	Red Blend	La Canosa
US	"A powerful sense of green powers this wine, starting on the nose with sharp grassy tones of rosemary, chives and pine needles. The palate is also extremely grassy, though balanced by a tart pluot character."	Cedar Lane	88	18	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chesebro 2015 Cedar Lane Sauvignon Blanc (Arroyo Seco)	Sauvignon Blanc	Chesebro
Australia	"Fresh gooseberry, lemon and apple skin dominate the nose here, carrying over to the medium-weight palate. Although the acid seems a bit apart from the rest of the wine, this Barossa Riesling is pleasantly crisp, with nice spice and candied apple notes. Drink now to 2012."		85	18	South Australia	Barossa				Schild Estate 2009 Riesling (Barossa)	Riesling	Schild Estate
US	"Ripe and concentrated, this wine is also full bodied and quite tannic while maintaining a velvety mouthfeel. The abundant flavors of black cherry and dark chocolate are inviting and deep."	The Keep	91	60	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sol Rouge 2013 The Keep Red (Lake County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Sol Rouge
France	"This is a rich, rounded wine with pure red berry aromas. The initially soft tannins has a dryness that creeps up as the fruit increases in its richness. Layers of wood spice support the fruit rather than dominating."		91	50	Burgundy	Pommard		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Vougeraie 2005  Pommard	Pinot Noir	Domaine de la Vougeraie
US	"Classy and focused, this elegant effort features sharp citrus and raspberry flavors, in a tight, vertical, fruit-driven style. Given its depth and tangy acidity, it seems a good candidate for some additional bottle age, though not long term cellaring."	Old School Vineyards	90	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	King Estate 2011 Old School Vineyards Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	King Estate
US	"Quite spicy and nicely oaky in aroma and flavor without seeming overdone, this wine offers smooth and elegant red and black cherry flavors and a generous, soothing texture."	Estate	90	36	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cedarville Vineyard 2014 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (El Dorado)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cedarville Vineyard
US	"This blends fruit from DeVoto in the Sebastopol Hills with grapes from Terra de Promissio, Umino and Alder Springs vineyards. It's soft and thick, with rich, ripe flavors of cranberry, pomegranate and cherry, a sizzling sense of cola spice underlying it all."	Nichole's Blend	89	39	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Spell 2014 Nichole's Blend Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Spell
US	"This is quite light, almost ephemeral, with tart raspberry and red licorice flavors and a strong metallic/mineral streak. It is delicately made, and interesting, but comparable to a simple Bourgogne rather than a wine priced at this level."	Momtazi Vineyard	86	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Boedecker Cellars 2005 Momtazi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Boedecker Cellars
US	"Just delicious, this wine shows its pedigree from some of the best vineyards in the valley, including Merryvale's St. Helena estate. Dry and rich in firm but refined tannins, it offers elaborate flavors of blackberries, blueberries and cherries, while 70% new oak adds layers of buttered toast and caramel. Great for drinking now with the best meats and cheeses you can find."		93	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Merryvale 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Merryvale
US	"A nice Pinot, showing real complexity. Dry and medium-bodied, the wine's acidity is brisk, and highlights flavors of cherries, red currants, pomegranates, cola, Chinese five-spice and Provençal herbs. Might develop for a few years, although it's hard to predict, since it's a new brand."	Le Bon Climat Vineyard	89	45	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			La Fenêtre 2005 Le Bon Climat Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	La Fenêtre
US	"Woody, wet herbs of oregano and thyme mix with bitter chocolate, a whiff of smoke and extract cranberry and blueberry on the nose of this winery's top-end bottling. Dark flavors of black cherries, blueberries and pencil lead show on the highly structured palate."	Astral	88	90	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Star Lane Vineyard 2011 Astral Cabernet Sauvignon (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Star Lane Vineyard
US	"This wine has been in release for almost two years, but the extra time has only improved it. Nicely melding the strengths of Klipsun vineyard Cabernet and Merlot with 24 months in half new, half year-old French oak barrels, this powerful wine has concentrated cherry and cassis fruit, potent baking spices, suggestions of mint and pepper, and a host of details waiting to be noticed. A great bottle to toss into a blind tasting of high-end California reds."	Il Mulinello Klipsun Vineyard	92	49	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lachini 2006 Il Mulinello Klipsun Vineyard Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Lachini
US	"Spicy clove, pepper and a crunch of tannin characterize this full-bodied, 100% varietal wine that feels both leathery and herbal. Cassis and red currant notes add crispness and a wisp of fruit that grows darker and more chocolaty as it finishes."	Barrel Select	92	60	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Provenance Vineyards 2013 Barrel Select Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Provenance Vineyards
Spain	"Aromas of raspberry and strawberry are grassy, and the wine feels hard, lean and grinding. The flavor profile mirrors the nose, and the wine finishes with jammy but green raspberry notes."	Otus	83	14	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Quinta de Aves 2014 Otus Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Quinta de Aves
US	"Part saignée, part fermented specifically for rosé, this bone dry and elegant wine offers a cascade of strawberry, raspberry and tangerine flavors. Its acidity punches through, lifting the palate and bringing its texture and length into focus."	Laughing Pig Pinot Noir	90	32	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Big Table Farm 2016 Laughing Pig Pinot Noir Rosé (Willamette Valley)	Rosé	Big Table Farm
US	"A rich, dramatic and impressive wine. With vital acidity and dryness, it has complex layers of ripe cherries, red licorice, cranberries, pomegranates, mocha and cinnamon. Falls somewhere in texture between Pinot Noir and Merlot, either of which it can substitute for. Drink now."	La Croce	90	66	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Stolpman 2008 La Croce Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Stolpman
Italy	"Initially shy, after a little time in the glass this offers up aromas of red berry, fragrant blue flower, menthol, leather, herb and baking spice. The concentrated palate doles out wild cherry, mocha, raspberry, pipe tobacco and a mineral note framed in velvety tannins and fresh acidity. Drink through 2022."	Scalunera	92	25	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Torre Mora 2012 Scalunera  (Etna)	Red Blend	Torre Mora
US	"Grown in the Sebastopol Hills area, this Pinot tastes very young and jammy and immature. Released at less than a year of age, it's thick and a little heavy, with cherry, currant and mocha flavors not yet meshed with oak. One wonders why the winery didn't hold it back another year or so. But it could develop in the bottle. Try after 2010."	Umino Vineyard	89	48	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			W.H. Smith 2007 Umino Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	W.H. Smith
US	"This wine starts out lightly reductive, providing initial distraction from the aromas of pear, lees and spice. The palate is medium bodied, with a creamy, generous feel."		88	28	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Board Track Racer 2015 Chardonnay (Yakima Valley)	Chardonnay	Board Track Racer
US	"This lively Riesling offers aromas of citrus, apricot and honey, followed by layers of white fruit, spice and pepper. The wine has a slightly sweet fruity character but it's balanced by acid and minerals. A fun but impressive Riesling."		87	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Fox Run 2007 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Fox Run
US	"The aromas are forward, with notes of black currant, blue fruit, herb and spice. The palate delivers a mouthful of sweet blue-fruit flavors, with the oak dialed back. Lightly dry tannins provide support. It's hard to necessarily place it as Cabernet but it brings plenty of appeal."	Chateau Smith	88	20	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Charles Smith 2015 Chateau Smith Cabernet Sauvignon (Washington)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Charles Smith
US	"This lightly bodied, elegant wine is subtle and crisp—a study in white pepper and leather that's both complex and tightly layered. Cool climate to its core, it shows floral aromas and flavors of rose petal and lavender as hints of rhubarb and tart cherry make their way onto the quiet palate."	Coastlands Vineyard 1906 Block Pommard Clone	93	80	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cobb 2014 Coastlands Vineyard 1906 Block Pommard Clone Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Cobb
Australia	"A nicely balanced Chardonnay, marrying subtle buttered apple notes with bolder notes of toasted hazelnut and white peaches. It's got a silky texture and plenty of intensity on the fresh, citrusy finish. Drink now–2012."		88	25	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cape Mentelle 2006 Chardonnay (Margaret River)	Chardonnay	Cape Mentelle
US	"From six vineyards across the Central Coast, Josh Jensen's annual cuvée shows black cherry, cola and nutmeg on the straight-ahead nose. Solid herbal backbone shows on the sip, with juniper, bay leaf and pine needles giving tang to the sour cranberry fruit. A menthol character carries in to the finish."	Fortieth Anniversary Vintage	91	28	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Calera 2015 Fortieth Anniversary Vintage Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Calera
US	"Just delicious, offering sweetly ripe blackberry, blueberry and cassis flavors, with a rich coating of smoky oak. The all-important tannins are soft and gentle. Really a flamboyant, opulent wine, and probably showing its best in youth."	Reserve	92	42	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Ferrari-Carano 2009 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ferrari-Carano
New Zealand	"Is it possible for a wine to taste like a blenderized bowl of fruit salad? That comes close to describing this mix of pear, melon and pineapple. It's medium bodied and seems almost sweet, then finishes clean and refreshing."		87	15	New Zealand			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Giesen 2016 Pinot Gris (New Zealand)	Pinot Gris	Giesen
Italy	"From one of Barbaresco's most celebrated vineyard crus, this ruby-colored wine exhibits loads of intensity and power in the form of cherry, cassis, leather, tar and cola. The wine's compact, tonic mouthfeel would make a great companion to rich, sophisticated cuisine."	Rabajà	89	54	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Cascina Luisin 2008 Rabajà  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Luisin
New Zealand	"A basic, serviceable Pinot Noir, Vinterra's 2010 combines varietally correct notes of cherry, leather and earth. The medium-weight palate and supple tannins stay true to the variety as well."		85	19	South Island			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Vinterra 2010 Pinot Noir (South Island)	Pinot Noir	Vinterra
Portugal	"Open and fruity, this delicious, already drinkable wine is a typical Portuguese blend that's dominated by Touriga Nacional. It has an attractive perfumed aroma along with toasty wood flavors and black currant freshness. The combination is full, forward and delicious now."	Bridão Classico	88	8	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo 2012 Bridão Classico Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo
Chile	"Gritty, heavily roasted aromas of peanuts and herbal berry fruits lead to a scratchy, tannic palate. This tastes of burnt oak, raw plum and currant, while the finish tastes briny and harsh. The 2012 version of this wine was much better. This is rough from front to back."	Costa	83	35	Colchagua Costa			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Koyle 2015 Costa Pinot Noir (Colchagua Costa)	Pinot Noir	Koyle
US	"This light-footed Riesling is restrained in fruit, offering subtle hints of lemon and pear, but its slightly chalky, dusty mineral tone is exhilarating. Its delicately semisweet, with a fresh tangerine finish."	Road Block Reserve	88	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Shaw 2014 Road Block Reserve Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Shaw
US	"Too much unripeness in this wine, which shows aromas of asparagus and broccoli. Tastes somewhat better than it smells, with blackberry and black cherry notes."		82	46	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Venteux 2007 Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Venteux
France	"Light and fruity, this has flavors of creamed apple and ripe Williams pear. The wine is crisp and tangy, and it's shot through with lemon zest and acidity. Ready to drink in one year."	Cuvée Ancestrum	87	40	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Charly Nicolle 2011 Cuvée Ancestrum  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Charly Nicolle
US	"A terrific red wine. Stood out in a blind tasting among expensive Napa Valley Bordeaux-style reds. The grapes are from the winery's high-elevation ranch in Potter Valley. The wine shows firm tannins and a brisk backbone of acidity, with the cherry, red plum and currant flavors grounded with fresh herbs, mushrooms, grilled meat and a smack of tamari that suggests Chinese mushu pork. Really a dramatic wine that should hold over the next four years."		92	38	California	Mendocino				Kimmel 2007 Merlot (Mendocino)	Merlot	Kimmel
South Africa	"Clean, attractive aromas of fynbos and orange blossom add character to the fresh citrus and white melon core. The palate is light and vibrant, with pleasantly refreshing acidity and a subtly spiced pear-flavored finish. Enjoy now."	Sunbird	87	18	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Simonsig 2014 Sunbird Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	Simonsig
Argentina	"This power-packed new Malbec from the son of legendary Mendoza winemaker Jorge Riccitelli shows lush blackberry and cassis aromas along with burnt toast and graphite notes. A huge, saturated palate is resiny and chewy, while flavors of baked black fruits are oaky and savory, with a saucy finish that's bulky. This is full, chunky and delicious; drink through 2024."	Republica del Malbec	92	75	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matias Riccitelli 2012 Republica del Malbec Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Matias Riccitelli
US	"Bold but not too full bodied, this dry wine made from Syrah and Malbec has vivid, grapey, dark-fruit aromas and flavors liberally accented with spicy, smoky, earthy accents. Laden with fine tannins, the texture conveys a thick but smooth mouthfeel."		88	25	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sexual Chocolate 2014 Red (California)	Red Blend	Sexual Chocolate
US	"Here's one for the cellar. The tannins swamp the mouth, giving a hard, astringent edge. But the wine is beautifully balanced and dry, with a deep core of black currants, blueberries, spicy plums, cedar and minerals. Impressive. Best after 2010."		93	75	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Roberts & Rogers 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Roberts & Rogers
US	"Smooth and lightly toasty, this offers plump, palate-pleasing tree fruits and a touch of vanilla custard. Just a tad lighter than the reserve from the same vintage and vineyard."	McDuffee Vineyard	88	28	Oregon	Columbia Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cathedral Ridge 2014 McDuffee Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (OR))	Chardonnay	Cathedral Ridge
Chile	"Aromas of mocha, coffee and berry fruit are regular but decent, while the palate is astringent but lively, with herbal red-fruit flavors and a touch of green. Finishes lemony, tangy and grabby, with weight but a slight stickiness."	Gran Reserva	84	14	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Espiritu de Chile 2007 Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Curicó Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Espiritu de Chile
US	"A solid everyday Chardonnay, showing good pineapple, peach and pear flavors, with a nice edge of buttered toast and vanilla."		85	17	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Stickybeak 2010 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Stickybeak
US	"Lovely aromatics push scents of espresso, cassis, truffle and baker's chocolate right up front. The wine is polished, fine-boned and balanced, with taut cranberry and raspberry fruit. It brings in subtle accents of chalk, earth, rock and lead pencil, building to a firm, beautifully structured finish."	Proprietor's  Cuvée	92	50	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lauren Ashton Cellars 2011 Proprietor's  Cuvée Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Lauren Ashton Cellars
US	"Brooding aromas of spice, mineral, green herb, cedar, cherry and a minty top note lead to sweet yet elegant black fruit flavors and firm, burly tannins that need time to stretch their legs. Best after 2020."	Klipsun Vineyard	91	45	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Seven Hills 2013 Klipsun Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Seven Hills
US	"What a roll Feliz Noche has been on. They're scoring hit after hit, and this lovely Syrah is right on. Drink it now for its polished tannins, soft texture and dry, rich flavors of blackberry jam, cherry tart, cola and chocolate."		91	60	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Feliz Noche 2006 Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Feliz Noche
Argentina	"Compact aromas of red berries get a boost from oak-based coconut, cedar and graphite notes. This is a blend of three Malbec vineyards of varying elevations; it's bursting with acidity, while high-toned plum and currant flavors are a touch salty. A lively, fiery finish is fueled by latent acidity. Drink through 2020."	Terroir Blend	90	30	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Nieto Senetiner 2011 Terroir Blend Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Nieto Senetiner
US	"A big, bold, tannic Zinfandel, the kind that needs richly sauced barbecued and roasted meats to tame it into submission. It's peppery, with brooding black currant, licorice and teriyaki beef flavors."	Beauregard Ranch	89	45	California	Ben Lomond Mountain	Central Coast			Beauregard 2010 Beauregard Ranch Zinfandel (Ben Lomond Mountain)	Zinfandel	Beauregard
Italy	"The bouquet is marked by a steady stream of bright raspberry, rose, wild berry and bitter almond. It's sassy crispness on the finish should pair well with cheese or mayonnaise-based appetizers."	Lagrein Kretzer	87	18	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Muri-Gries 2010 Lagrein Kretzer Rosé (Alto Adige)	Rosé	Muri-Gries
Australia	"Named for a Margaret River subregion, Cape Mentelle's Wilyabrup is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc. It's structured and restrained on the palate, easily blending cherry, cedar, leather and earth notes in a truly claret-styled wine whose dry finish picks up hints of black tea. Drink now–2020."	Wilyabrup	91	55	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cape Mentelle 2010 Wilyabrup Red (Margaret River)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cape Mentelle
US	"Youthfully exuberant in fresh-squeezed grapefruit, lemon and lime, this wine has zesty acidity and pillows of vanilla, ending clean and bright. This is the first national release of this variety for the winery."		88	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rombauer 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Rombauer
Argentina	"Smells citric and green, with carob notes that seem artificial and forced. Very simple, creamy and candied, with faux chocolate flavors and sweet fruit. Finishes like a strawberry dipped in cheap chocolate. Modest quality at best."		81	12	Other	Famatina Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pircas Negras 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Famatina Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pircas Negras
US	"Lots of sweet fruit is right up front here—super ripe berry/cherry flavors—that quickly fade and leave a rather dull finish. It's two thirds Cabernet Franc, the rest a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and just a splash of Petit Verdot."	QO-NE Red	84	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Northwest Totem Cellars 2006 QO-NE Red Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Northwest Totem Cellars
US	"Sharp Concord grape ripeness meets with a touch of chile pepper and dark tobacco on the nose of this bottling. The palate is redolent with aromatic woods, from cedar to sandalwood, as well as blueberries and dried herbs, but it's a tad thin."		86	40	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joullian 2013 Merlot (Carmel Valley)	Merlot	Joullian
US	"Flavors of peach, orange and mango fruit are prominent in this wine. Of course, there's also the complicating pleasantness of alcohol. Pair with Chinese food, a nice sandwich or pasta salad."		85	21	California	Rutherford	Napa			Provenance Vineyards 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Rutherford)	Sauvignon Blanc	Provenance Vineyards
France	"A structured, cool wine that is poised and elegant, it has a lightly creamy texture cut by apple and pear flavors. Definitely mineral, it is textured with fruit skins and flavored with the oak aging. It needs to be aged, so don't drink before 2016."	Réserve Personelle	89	57	Burgundy	Pernand-Vergelesses		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter 2012 Réserve Personelle  (Pernand-Vergelesses)	Chardonnay	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter
US	"English breakfast tea, light plum, dark strawberry, rhubarb, thyme and lavender swirl in the heady nose of this bottling. It's elegant and floral on the palate, with more lavender and lots of bergamot and Earl Grey flavors that linger long through the finish."		94	75	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wedell Cellars 2012 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Wedell Cellars
Germany	"A nuanced touch of residual sugar softens the edges of this zesty, light-footed Riesling. Its sweet-tart lemon and lime flavors are thirst-quenching and crisp. Touches of crushed minerals and nuts mark its brisk finish."	Made With Organic Grapes	88	12	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Schlink Haus 2015 Made With Organic Grapes Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Schlink Haus
Australia	"This medium-bodied Chardonnay features aromas of pineapple and roasted cashew. Similar notes of ripe pineapple and nuts mark the palate, then ease to a rather soft, easy finish. Drink now."	Made With Organic Grapes	86	18	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Yalumba 2016 Made With Organic Grapes Chardonnay (South Australia)	Chardonnay	Yalumba
US	"A smoky, oaky nose opens to reveal pretty fruit, accented with rose petals. Strawberries and hard cherry candy flavors lead smoothly into a finish laden with milk chocolate and, unusually, hints of rosemary."	Heritage Cuvée	89	35	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Arbor Brook 2007 Heritage Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Arbor Brook
Chile	"Smooth smelling, with pure and fresh berry and plum aromas. Very young and a bit tangy on the palate, with cherry and berry flavors and an oaky, soft finish that goes sweet then sour, and lasts for a long time. In terms of structure, it's balanced, mildly tannic, yet meant for drinking now."	Reserva	87	12	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2001 Reserva Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Undurraga
US	"Not only extremely drinkable, but shows real varietal elegance and class. Dry and fairly tannic, the wine brims with flavors of blackberries, blueberries, chocolate, sweet leather and Provençal herbs, with good acidity for balance. Best now."	Reserve	89	24	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Frei Brothers 2005 Reserve Syrah (Russian River Valley)	Syrah	Frei Brothers
US	"Tightly wound on the nose, this wine eventually releases blackcurrant and blueberry fruit along with aromas of black rock and turned earth. The palate is dense with black peppercorn, char and asphalt, lifted by hints of violet. Since the structure is dense and tannic, it will be fun to watch this wine emerge over the years."	Reserve	91	55	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kaleidos 2014 Reserve Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Kaleidos
US	"Aromas of maraschino cherry, medicine cabinet, Band-Aid and leather on this 100% varietal wine are followed by slightly dried-out-seeming fruit flavors. Smoke flavors persist on the finish, but the wine presents a sense of elegance."	Estate Grown and Bottled	88	44	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Hedges 2014 Estate Grown and Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hedges
France	"This ripe, juicy wine offers blackberry flavors and young acidity. It is developing balance, fresh fruits and supporting tannins. The structure is integrating into the fruit, which will dominate if you wait to drink until 2017. The blend is 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon."	Château La Fôret	87	20	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	VIgnobles Roux 2014 Château La Fôret  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	VIgnobles Roux
New Zealand	"A light-bodied, delicate style of Pinot Noir, with pretty cherry fruit and plenty of forest and earth complexity. Silky on the finish, with hints of tea leaf. Probably best over the next year or two."		87	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ara 2009 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Ara
US	"Pretty good  Pinot for the price, showing Russian River silkiness, dryness and acidic structure. The cola, sour-cherry candy and persimmon flavors are classic, if a little thin. Drink up."	Stephanie's Vineyard	86	20	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			River Road 2011 Stephanie's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	River Road
Romania	"With fresh, grassy aromas and flavors and a subtle character on the palate, this friendly white is simple but enjoyable. Pair with grilled seafood or spicy Asian cuisine."	Bonvino Domaine Terase Danubiane	84	12	Vânju Mare			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	VinArte 2005 Bonvino Domaine Terase Danubiane Sauvignon Blanc (Vânju Mare)	Sauvignon Blanc	VinArte
Austria	"Delicious and full bodied, this has both weight and delicacy. It is rich and dry, with swathes of ripe apricot and pineapple that cut through the tense acidity. A wine for aging over 5–6 years. Screwcap."	Schenkenbichl Reserve	92	34	Kamptal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rabl 2010 Schenkenbichl Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Rabl
US	"Pure, almost crystalline in its expression of fruit, this 100% Malbec captures the essence of mountain berries. Juicy and perfectly balanced, it suggests a range of notes from tangerine to blueberry to wild raspberry, with lightly peppery, fine-grained tannins."		92	25	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Seven Hills 2009 Malbec (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Malbec	Seven Hills
France	"Wood and smoke aromas precede ripe and dusty tannins lacing this red plum flavored wine. It has a rich texture, as well as being fruity, juicy, finished with taut acidity."	Famille Lapalu	86	10	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Lapalu 2008 Famille Lapalu  (Médoc)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Domaines Lapalu
Austria	"A closed nose opens into a light-bodied, citrus-led palate of mild sweetness, with that lovely killer acid that is Riesling's own. This auslese will make a great companion to soft, ripe cheeses or lemon drizzle cake."	Auslese	88	30	Niederösterreich			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Markus Huber 2013 Auslese Riesling (Niederösterreich)	Riesling	Markus Huber
France	This concentrated wine is solid with tannins. The fruit is evident from the fine acidity and hints of black plum that push through the wall of tannin. Give it time and drink from 2021.		91	20	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Birot 2015  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Birot
France	"There is a definite touch of stalkiness here, perhaps a consequence of the vintage. It has black currant fruits and balanced acidity, needing a few more months to be developed. Drink from 2016."		88	14	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Houchart 2013 Red (Côtes de Provence)	Red Blend	Domaine Houchart
US	"There's no doubt this estate-grown wine is at first funky on the nose, a mix of forest, mint and farmhouse cheese. It develops in the glass to embrace its quirks, complementing them with vibrant acidity, ripe texture, and hints of orange, rhubarb and spicy clove."	Winery Lake Vineyard Estate Grown	92	50	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Acacia 2013 Winery Lake Vineyard Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Acacia
Italy	This is a boldly extracted and concentrated expression of Sangiovese (with 10% of the Bursona Longanesi grape) that delivers steady and bold oak aromas. The wood influences are almost too much but will surely integrate as the wine ages in the bottle. Beyond all that spice and toast is a solid core of black berry fruit and prune.	Tauleto	88	75	Central Italy	Rubicone				Umberto Cesari 2005 Tauleto Sangiovese (Rubicone)	Sangiovese	Umberto Cesari
US	"From a fourth-generation farming family, this wine is sourced from the Niebaum-Tonella and Morisoli-Borges vineyards along the Rutherford Bench. It opens with a bouquet of sweetly ripened mango, peach and pear, which continue on the palate. Fierce acidity and a drop of anise form the backdrop of the wine, which finishes somewhat tropical."		90	29	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	S.R. Tonella 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Rutherford)	Sauvignon Blanc	S.R. Tonella
US	"A bit high in alcohol, this has blackberry and mocha flavors that are overripe, veering into sweet-prune territory. Drink now."	Chris's Cuvée	87	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kenefick Ranch 2008 Chris's Cuvée Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kenefick Ranch
South Africa	"A richly perfumed nose of deep berry and spice leads this balanced Cabernet. Flavors of cherry, dark chocolate and tobacco offer robust character, as do the firm tannins and spicy finish. A Cabernet with character at a good price."		86	15	Stellenbosch			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Vinum Africa 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stellenbosch)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vinum Africa
US	"This blend of 87% Grenache and 13% Syrah shows red apple, deep strawberry and yeast touches on the fresh and lively nose. It hits the palate with brilliant, tactile energy, delivering rounded red fruit and bubblegum flavors that make it a certain summertime crowd pleaser."	Pink Pedals	89	15	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chronic Cellars 2016 Pink Pedals Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	Chronic Cellars
France	"This is full and fruity with great swathes of smoky tannins. Structured and concentrated, it promises a good future. Strawberry and red-plum flavors are there, along with the darker tannic element. Drink from 2019."	Les Peuilletes Premier Cru	93	55	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Albert Bichot 2014 Les Peuilletes Premier Cru  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Albert Bichot
US	"Tough and gritty, this Zinfandel-based blend has brusque tannins and sweet berry, black pepper and cola flavors. Drink this lusty wine with everyday fare."	Lot 313 Field Blend	83	11	California	California	California Other			Cameron Hughes 2010 Lot 313 Field Blend Red (California)	Red Blend	Cameron Hughes
New Zealand	"A lush, tropical style of Sauvignon, combining peach and guava aromas with passion fruit flavors. This is delicious right now for its immediate fruit, ample weight and slightly creamy texture."		89	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Mud House 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mud House
US	"Richly textured and plush on the palate, with a broad array of raspberry, black cherry, plum, spice, coffee, herb and cocoa flavors, all couched in firm, ripe tannins and sweet oak. Only 200 cases made from this relatively new producer high in the hills of Napa."		92	70	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Versant Vineyards 2001 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Versant Vineyards
Spain	"An oaky style of Priorat, this smells of hickory and campfire, with bacon, plum and cherry notes. Solid but narrow in the mouth, with berry and cherry flavors mixed with hard spice and chocolate notes. It has just enough acidity to stay fresh, turning slightly fiery on the finish."		87	15	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas La Cartuja 2009 Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Bodegas La Cartuja
France	"Produced from flint soil (silex), this wine is intense, delicious and has a great future. Lemongrass and grapefruit flavors give a lift to the tight, strongly mineral texture. Spice and just a hint of wood bring out riper fruits as well as a refreshing, tangy texture. Drink from 2017."	Sancerre d'Antan Terroir de Silex	93	60	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2013 Sancerre d'Antan Terroir de Silex  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Henri Bourgeois
US	"The aromas are bright, with notes of lime leaf, apricot, citrus peel, flowers and lime. It drinks off dry, with abundant stone-fruit flavors that provide plenty of pleasure."		88	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Nine Hats 2015 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Nine Hats
France	"Notes of stone and smoke join lemon and green apple on the nose of this wine. The palate has an earthier aspect but is bracingly fresh and precise with pure lemon zestiness. Dry and slender, the wine will round out with some bottle age. Drink 2018–2023."	Tradition	89	29	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Pfister 2014 Tradition Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Pfister
Portugal	"Grown in the schist terraces of the Douro, this wine is a Touriga Franca-dominated blend. Thyme and eucalyptus flavors are balanced by richly structured red berry fruit and tannins. It will be ready from 2018."		88	18	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Antonio Lopes Ribeiro 2012 Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Antonio Lopes Ribeiro
France	"From one of the major estates in Pessac-Léognan, this is a fine, stylish and tightly structured wine. It has spice and intense acidity to balance the dark tannins and black-currant fruit. It is going to need several years to really mature. The estate is owned by André Lurton who was influential in creating the Pessac-Léognan appellation. Drink from 2024."		94	50	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Louvière 2014  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Louvière
US	"Soft and easy, this red wine shows the peppery, briary edge and full-bodied tannins you want in a Zin. It has simple berry, cocoa and spice flavors. Drink now."	Lot 7	84	27	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Christian Lazo 2006 Lot 7 Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Christian Lazo
Argentina	"Aromas of black fruits, barrel toast and marshmallow set up a palate that's tannic and choppy but full of life. Savory, spicy berry flavors come with chocolaty oak notes prior to a finish that's rough and tannic but true."	Gran Reserva Vista Flores Single Vineyard	89	23	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca El Origen 2014 Gran Reserva Vista Flores Single Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Uco Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Finca El Origen
Austria	"The Pannobile style is a blend of local varieties, this one dominated by Zweigelt. It's smooth and fruity, with soft tannins. There's a rustic edge to the fruit that gives some complexity. At the end, it's about the fresh berry acidity."	Pannobile	89	48	Burgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pittnauer 2005 Pannobile Red (Burgenland)	Red Blend	Pittnauer
US	"The scents of ripe red berries and cassis are inviting on this nervy Pinot Noir. The palate is bright with red fruit marked with hints of wet stone and grippy, velvety tannins. Finishes with a fragrant spray of cherry blossoms."		88	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Ventosa 2009 Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Ventosa
Italy	Nero d'Avola and Frappato are blended to create a light and fragrant wine with pretty layers of berry fruit and almond paste. It's an easy and fresh wine that works well for everyday consumption.		86	19	Sicily & Sardinia	Cerasuolo di Vittoria				Valle dell'Acate 2005  Cerasuolo di Vittoria	Red Blend	Valle dell'Acate
Chile	"Herbal to the max, with can't-miss aromas of juniper, pine and foresty berry. The palate is big and syrupy in feel, with herbal flavors of olive, carob and tobacco. Sweet and leafy on the finish."	Memorias	86	36	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña el Principal 2007 Memorias Red (Maipo Valley)	Red Blend	Viña el Principal
Italy	"This opens with pretty aromas of wild white flowers and pear. The palate is light and fresh, with a core of yellow apple, Williams pear and tropical fruit, with a crisp, quenching finish. Pair it with mild seafood dishes or light pastas."		86	11	Central Italy	Orvieto		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ruffino 2012  Orvieto	White Blend	Ruffino
US	"Young and still a bit yeasty, with the flavors still integrating. The toasty barrel and bourbon flavors are matched to medium acids and stone fruits. This needs more time in the bottle to show all its strengths."	Birch Creek Vineyard	91	20	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rulo 2009 Birch Creek Vineyard Chardonnay (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Rulo
Spain	"Aromas of freshly baked bread, toast and melon are soft and welcoming. This Pinot Noir-led Cava feels plump, with moderate acidity. Flavors of melon, quince and pear finish mild, with only a bit of kick."	Blanc de Noirs Brut Reserva	89	30	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps 2012 Blanc de Noirs Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Juvé y Camps
US	"Full bodied and full flavored, this barrel-fermented dry wine is bold and oaky in aromas, rich with ripe apple and pear flavors and accented by nutmeg, butter and vanilla. The texture is smooth but supported by good acidity, and it has mouth-filling viscosity that encourages a long finish."	Blasphemy Donnachadh Vineyard	90	50	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Monochrome 2016 Blasphemy Donnachadh Vineyard Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Monochrome
US	"Minty and bright, this is a well-distributed Pinot that's a fair value, soft and easy to drink. Amidst mellowed oak, expect dark cherry and buoyed acidity with a finish of darker, earthy tones."		87	19	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sebastiani 2012 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sebastiani
Spain	"This blend of Garnacha and Cabernet Sauvignon is a dense, ripe bruiser with huge blackberry aromas that set up a wide-bodied, raw-feeling palate with tons of extract and monster tannins. Blackberry, espresso, chocolate and spice flavors are full, ripe and deep. Things hold firm on a staunch, youthful finish. Drink through 2021."	Nus del Terrer	92	50	Catalonia	Tarragona		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vinyes del Terrer 2010 Nus del Terrer Red (Tarragona)	Red Blend	Vinyes del Terrer
Spain	"At its peak now, so you may actually want to wait for the release of the 2010. If not, this wine delivers crisp green-apple aromas, vanilla and soda cracker. The palate is crisp but not assaulting like a splash of battery acid, and the flavors of apple, saline and minerality are true to Txakoli. Finishes like zesty apple cider; drink immediately."	Getaria	88	25	Northern Spain	Getariako Txakolina		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Txomín Etxaníz 2009 Getaria White (Getariako Txakolina)	White Blend	Txomín Etxaníz
Italy	"Aromas of red berry and a yeasty note of pastry dough lead the nose while the creamy palate offers apple, bread crust and a hint of baking spice. Bright acidity and a persistent perlage provide the backdrop."	Brut Rosé Metodo Classico	89	30	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ferrari NV Brut Rosé Metodo Classico Sparkling (Trento)	Sparkling Blend	Ferrari
US	"So what does ten bucks buy in Pinot Noir? A light-bodied wine with tart, green strawberry, cola and cranberry flavors, plenty of crisp acids and smooth tannins."		84	10	California	California	California Other			Monthaven 2000 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Monthaven
US	"Aromas of cassis, dried cranberry and black cherry are backed by tobacco and a kick of licorice. The palate is ripe in raspberry, blueberry and black cherry, showing whispers of leather and white pepper. The tannins add balance, mellowing some of the ripeness. Currant and vanilla show on the medium-length finish."	Private Reserve Double Barrel	88	30	Texas	Texas High Plains		Fiona Adams	@bkfiona	Messina Hof 2015 Private Reserve Double Barrel Malbec (Texas High Plains)	Malbec	Messina Hof
US	"This wine is a unique in the state blend and features Cinsault (35%), Grenache (35%) and Mourvèdre. Pale peach in color with a slight bronze tinge, the aromas are light, with notes of strawberry, citrus zest and mineral. The flavors are dry, sleek and high acid. It's a perfect summer wine."	McKinley Springs Vineyard	89	24	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Syncline 2016 McKinley Springs Vineyard Rosé (Horse Heaven Hills)	Rosé	Syncline
Italy	"Extremely ripe and concentrated, this opens with aromas that suggest charred earth, toast, cured meat and roasted coffee bean. The accessible, monolithic palate offers raspberry jam, chocolate-covered cherry and a hint of vanilla alongside mature tannins, with the warmth of evident alcohol."		89	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fornacina 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Fornacina
Spain	"Tropical aromas of lychee are about all that stand out on the nose of this unusual Moscatel-Garnacha Blanca blend. Neither dry nor sweet, this seems caught in no man's land. A dilute mouthfeel and bitter pyrazine notes on the finish don't help this along."	Wine Wings Moscatel-Garnacha	83	20	Northern Spain	Cariñena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ignacio Marín 2015 Wine Wings Moscatel-Garnacha White (Cariñena)	White Blend	Ignacio Marín
US	"This wine is dry and substantial, emphasizing earthy, savory flavors over fruity ones. An attractive walnut and almond element carries through from the aroma to the flavors."		86	13	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Kitchen Sink NV White (California)	White Blend	Kitchen Sink
US	"There are very distinctive botanical aromas on this wine, from salted orange peels to juniper bush, almost like a gin. The palate is also incredibly herbal, with dried dill, marjoram and basil, which makes for a very interesting sipper though perhaps a bit odd for some."		86	18	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Jason-Stephens 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Coast)	Sauvignon Blanc	Jason-Stephens
US	"Sizable, tightly woven tannin wraps itself around black fruit with moderate acidity in this thick, tangy wine, which has 9% Merlot, 5% Cabernet Franc and 3% Petit Verdot within the blend. Given less than two years in French oak, 60% of it new, it's an approachable, enjoyable wine that will also age. Drink now through 2021."		91	66	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cakebread 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cakebread
Italy	"Here's a very correct and clean Sangiovese with bright cherry nuances and blueberry followed by a touch of bitter almond. The mouthfeel is thin, easy and watery."	Prugneto	84	15	Central Italy	Sangiovese di Romagna Superiore				Poderi dal Nespoli 1929 2011 Prugneto  (Sangiovese di Romagna Superiore)	Sangiovese	Poderi dal Nespoli 1929
France	"This is deliciously hedonistic in the best traditions of Volnay, opulent and powered with flavors of blackberry jelly, dry tannins and perfumed violets. This is a big, ripe, solid wine whose perfumes give an enticing exotic aftertaste."	Les Santenots Premier Cru	91	55	Burgundy	Volnay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roux Père et Fils 2004 Les Santenots Premier Cru  (Volnay)	Pinot Noir	Roux Père et Fils
Austria	"Friendly, ripe green and yellow apple notes appear on both the nose and palate of this wine. Ripe but fresh acidity enlivens its easy, juicy, textured midpalate. Its clean, sunny and fruity finish makes it a pleasure to sip."		90	20	Carnuntum			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Netzl 2016 Chardonnay (Carnuntum)	Chardonnay	Netzl
France	"A fruity wine, just touched by some wood aging with attractive strawberry fruit flavors and acidity. It's not a wine for aging, its light minerality enhancing the fruitiness."	Le Renard	85	23	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2011 Le Renard  (Bourgogne)	Pinot Noir	Domaines Devillard
Spain	"Cherry and crisp red currant aromas are racy and tutti-frutti in character. The palate delivers kick and acidity in addition to dry, pithy flavors of citrus fruits and nectarine. Dryness persists onto the finish, which is friendly but modest."		85	8	Northern Spain	Campo de Borja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Borsao 2011 Rosé (Campo de Borja)	Rosé	Borsao
Italy	"Dark berry, oak and chopped mint scents lead the way. The straightforward palate shows toasted oak, espresso, dried black cherry and sage alongside grainy tannins that leave a somewhat raspy finish."		87	19	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Casaloste 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Casaloste
US	"This wine shows its warm, sunny Napa origins through its incredible concentration of fruit. Don't look for subtlety here. It's the power of blackberries, currants and chocolate that impresses, as well as the penetrating quality of the tannins. Will age beautifully over the next 12–15 years, but it's so good now, you might be tempted to pop the cork."	Stagecoach Vineyard	94	100	California	Napa Valley	Napa			PerryMoore 2008 Stagecoach Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	PerryMoore
US	"Soft and thick, this Syrah has simple, sugary flavors of blackberries, cherries and chocolate. Drink now."		82	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Opolo 2005 Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Opolo
US	"Tastes tired, with dried out tannins framing blackberry and oak flavors. Interesting, but catch it now before it goes further downhill."		84	58	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Tedeschi Family 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tedeschi Family
US	"In this price range, this is one of the classiest Chardonnays currently on the market. Brightened with fine acidity, it's flavors of pineapple, buttered toast and cream are delicious."		91	17	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Firestone 2010 Chardonnay (Santa Ynez Valley)	Chardonnay	Firestone
France	"New-wood flavors abound in this firmly structured, dry wine. With its tannins at the fore, plus its heavy toast and sweet-tasting black-fruit flavors, it has weight and density. This is likely to age well over 3–4 years."		89	25	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tanesse 2010  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tanesse
Chile	"Smells basic and clean, with touches of apple and green veggies. The palate has a thick grab to it, while the flavors seem both sugary and green, with grapefruit and pithy bitterness on the finish."	Reserva	84	12	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	MontGras 2009 Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (San Antonio)	Sauvignon Blanc	MontGras
Spain	"Freixenet's signature Cava is consistent and pure as usual, with aromas of white fruit and white pepper and an overall freshness on the nose. It feels crisp and focused, with a foamy palate that brings apple, lime, peach and spice flavors. The finish is smooth."	Cordon Negro Brut 150 años	87	12	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Freixenet NV Cordon Negro Brut 150 años Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Freixenet
US	"The apricot and pear flavors are obviously very ripe, but they're balanced by brisk acidity, and a certain stong minerality you often find in Carneros Chardonnays. Oak plays its part. A bit obvious, but for the price, there's plenty of opulence."	Route 121	87	15	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			RouteStock 2009 Route 121 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	RouteStock
US	"Having spent multiple years in barrel, this iconoclastic producer's take on the variety is refreshingly real and different: big boned and yet sinewy and elegant in its way. Eucalyptus and bay leaf compete for attention on the nose around an herbal core of cedar and current. The wine is softly layered and well structured."		90	135	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sean Thackrey 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sean Thackrey
US	"Menthol and sweet sage aromas leap off this wine from Steve Clifton. They spice up the black cherry and blackberry juice backbone that comes from this Nipomo vineyard, located seven miles from the Pacific. The palate shows lots of energetic verve, with flavors of dried cranberries, raspberries, licorice and slate, finishing long on a sagebrush-driven sense of chaparral."	Quinta Del Mar Vineyard	92	40	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pressed 2013 Quinta Del Mar Vineyard Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Pressed
US	"With a fresh, jammy, blackberry flavor, this is a nice Syrah to drink now. It's a big wine, full bodied, tannic and bone dry. On its own, it's a bit tough, but pair it with rich, oily lamb, beef and game dishes and it will rise to the occasion."		86	20	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Santa Barbara Winery 2009 Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Santa Barbara Winery
US	"The winery has a good track record with this vineyard, and with the 2010, they've produced another fine one. Although it has a lush, creamy, drink-me-now quality, it's actually quite complex with fresh raspberries and red currants. Drink by 2017 or so."	Floodgate Vineyard	90	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Joseph Jewell 2010 Floodgate Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Jewell
US	"Good price for a Chardonnay this sophisticated. It shows ripe tropical and citrus fruit, honey and oak flavors, with delicate acidity. Perfect with crab and buttered sourdough bread. Drink it now, but not too cold."		88	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Isabel Mondavi 2011 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Isabel Mondavi
US	"This is the second label of Young Inglewood, a blend of 93% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Cabernet Franc and 1% Petit Verdot that spent 20 months in all-French oak, one quarter of it new. Meant to be approachable young, it is, while retaining a concentration of licorice, black currant and blackberry wrapped in dark chocolate. Firm tannins give it structure."		92	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	VENN 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	VENN
US	"From a vineyard just below Mt. Madonna, this bottling offers deep blackberry and black-pepper spice, with herbal oregano, thyme and touches of pasilla chile on the nose. It's quite herbaceous in that typical mountain style, with bay leaf and dried basil set against dry elderberry fruit."	Bates Ranch Vineyard	91	44	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wrights Station 2012 Bates Ranch Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Wrights Station
Chile	"Boysenberry, cassis, woodsy spice and leathery aromas hit the right chords. This feels tight and juicy due to bright core acidity. A combination of spicy plum and red-berry aromas are intense and turn feral upon airing, while this limestone soil-based Syrah tastes of coffee, pepper, plum and various spices on a powerful finish. Drink through 2021."	Vetas Blancas Reserva Especial	92	20	Limarí Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Tabalí 2013 Vetas Blancas Reserva Especial Syrah (Limarí Valley)	Syrah	Viña Tabalí
US	"Not much going on in this heavy Chardonnay beyond the oak. There are modest pineapple and peach flavors, but they wash away quickly."		84	27	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma			Bardessono 2010 Chardonnay (Knights Valley)	Chardonnay	Bardessono
US	"Production of this barrel-fermented reserve is roughly half of what it was in 2013, and in this instance, less is more. A sleek, sophisticated effort, it's bursting with flavors of pear flesh and skin, set against a wash of stony minerality. It's leesy, long and luscious."	Reserve	92	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lange 2014 Reserve Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Lange
US	"Notes of pineapple candy, buttered popcorn, honey and vanilla flavors. Brisk acidity adds an important balance."	Unoaked	86	17	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Martin Ray 2012 Unoaked Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Martin Ray
US	"A mix of clones 115, 177 and Pommard, this tart, tightly wound wine brings cranberry, black cherry and red-licorice flavors together. There's ample acidity, yet it remains in balance, with good focus and length."	Heritage Cuvée	90	30	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Arbor Brook 2013 Heritage Cuvée Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Arbor Brook
US	"Light and refreshing, this brings clean flavors of raspberries in a pastry setting, with a hint of graham cracker. Delicious upon entry, it thins out a bit quickly through the finish."	Nicholas Vineyard	90	105	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Adelsheim 2013 Nicholas Vineyard Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Adelsheim
US	"Just delicious, showing the promise of the 2010 vintage. The wine is ripe and intense in red cherry, cranberry and spice flavors, with a rich jacket of smoky oak. Feels like pure silk, while notable alcohol provides a boost of warmth for a chilly evening."	Dutton Ranch	92	45	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			Sequana 2010 Dutton Ranch Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sequana
France	"A softly textured wine, this has richness coming from black and red berry fruits. Wood and juiciness combine well in this attractive wine that will be ready to drink in a few months."	Thomas Barton Réserve	88	37	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Barton & Guestier 2010 Thomas Barton Réserve  (Margaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Barton & Guestier
US	"Aromatic and floral, this lovely bottle has a tangy, nicely defined core of raspberry, cranberry and pomegranate. The tannins are crisp, the acids bracing, the fruit etched in minerals, and the balance poised and appropriate to the lightness of the wine."	Athena	88	34	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Boedecker Cellars 2005 Athena Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Boedecker Cellars
US	"Plump but sour cranberry fruit aromas meet with sweet sandalwood, clove and forest floor on the nose of this San Francisco-made bottling from the historic property. Sanguine touches on the palate lead to raspberry, cherry, cinnamon and juniper flavors, ending in a menthol finish."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	93	36	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sandler 2015 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sandler
US	"Here's a nice Sauvignon Blanc for drinking now. It shows how well this variety grows in the warmer parts of the county, with citrus, apricot, peach and spice flavors. Crisp acidity provides zesty balance to this deliciously drinkable young wine."		88	19	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Straight Line 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Barbara County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Straight Line
Spain	"Despite some spearmint and Band-Aid on the nose, this ready-to-drink wine shows good quality from head to toe. The palate is on the lighter side, with nice acidity pushing smacky, lively red plum and raspberry flavors. Hints of tomato and citrus fruits also get into play."	Crianza	88	18	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Darien 2005 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Darien
US	"There's been a huge jump in production of this wine since the past vintage, which may signal some surge of interest in white Pinot, which has lately become a bit of a trend in Oregon. The wine is simple, neutral and perfectly quaffable, but carries no hint of varietal character."	White	87	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Left Coast Cellars 2013 White Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Left Coast Cellars
US	"Aromatically, this wine is currently subdued, with the notes of raspberry, cocoa and cherry that haven't fully blossomed. The flavors meanwhile are generous and ripe, while still showing a fine sense of balance. Additional time in the bottle or a long decant should allow it to open up."		91	75	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Leonetti Cellar 2014 Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Leonetti Cellar
US	"Lushly fruited with blueberry, black cherry and plum, this Idaho-sourced red blend is mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, with small amounts of seven other grapes. Smooth and flavorful, it finishes with a dash of cocoa."	Skyline	88	11	Idaho			Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sawtooth 2010 Skyline Red	Red Blend	Sawtooth
US	"A lovely counterpoint to Phelps Creek's estate reserve Chardonnay, this comes from just across the river, sourced from a vineyard on the Washington side of this two-state AVA. It got the full malolactic, fermented in French oak treatment, and shows plenty of pleasing barrel toast and spice. The fruit mixes hints of peach and melon with a lemon drop core, and finishes with a lick of butterscotch."	Celilo Vineyard	90	24	Oregon	Columbia Gorge (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Phelps Creek 2008 Celilo Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Gorge (OR))	Chardonnay	Phelps Creek
Chile	"Oily aromas of petrol are almost akin to certain Rieslings. This Viognier-Sauvignon Blanc mix feels round and mildly citrusy. Bready wheaty flavors of melon and papaya suggest that it's losing sizzle, so drink now."	Reserve Momentos Viogner Sauvignon Blanc	85	12	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Junta 2014 Reserve Momentos Viogner Sauvignon Blanc White (Central Valley)	White Blend	Junta
US	"Good black cherry, currant and anise flavors in this dry, full-bodied young Merlot. It's tannic and brisk in acidity, and has a nice edge of smoky oak. Doesn't seem like it has a future, though, so drink up."	Front Row	86	32	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Hooker 2011 Front Row Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Hooker
US	"This is a three-barrel reserve, principally Pommard clone, and vinified with minimal handling. Cherry/berry fruit comes with ample acidity. The alcohol, though just at the high end of moderate, seems to mute some of the details. Notes indicate that no additions were made, but the finish remains a bit chalky."	Zenith Vineyard	88	34	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Franchere 2014 Zenith Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Franchere
France	"This broad wine has apple and pear flavors and a smooth texture. It's all ripe and creamy fruit, with well-balanced acidity."	Alain de la Treille	85	12	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bougrier 2016 Alain de la Treille Chardonnay (Vin de France)	Chardonnay	Bougrier
US	"Shows amazingly ripe fruit, offering a blast of pineapple jam, apricot, tangerine, papaya and lime flavors. The acidity is crisp and tart, and the oak is rich and flamboyant, yet in keeping with the size of the underling wine. Super-rich and decadent, this Chardonnay is at its best soon."	Fort Ross Vineyard	93	30	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Fort Ross 2008 Fort Ross Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Fort Ross
US	"Aromas of blueberries, beef roast and fudge give way to a light, straightforward palate of purple fruit. It's a clean wine, but not very complex."	Especial	86	40	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Peachy Canyon 2012 Especial Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Peachy Canyon
Austria	"Ripe, rounded peach flavors with an earthy edge on the nose give way to a tingling, peppery, grassy and grapefruit-driven palate full of zing and crispness. This is tingling and fresh. Drink soon."		89	24	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Umathum 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Burgenland)	Sauvignon Blanc	Umathum
Italy	"This linear wine opens with aromas of blue flower, underbrush and red berries. The palate delivers bright red cherry, espresso and a white pepper note alongside firm, drying tannins. Pair this with hearty Tuscan soups. Drink 2014–2019."	Casalino Riserva	87	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bonacchi 2009 Casalino Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Bonacchi
Chile	"Spunky and lightly herbal up front, with exotic, lightweight aromas. Feels snappy, tight and lean in the mouth, with bouncy red plum and pie cherry flavors. Shows good juiciness, reasonably complex flavors and a dry, spicy finish."	Ona	87	15	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Anakena 2010 Ona Pinot Noir (Leyda Valley)	Pinot Noir	Anakena
US	"Done in a forward tutti–frutti style, this puts all the flavor right up front. Grape candy is what comes to mind, with a light tannic finish. It's a good gulping wine for decks, campers and picnic outings."		85	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Second Growth 2015 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Second Growth
France	"From the northern end of the Haut-Médoc region, close to Saint-Estèphe, this dark-hued wine is still very structured. Smoky wood-aging flavors give complexity that balances the ripe black currant fruitiness. It's still developing, so don't drink before 2018."		90	19	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Larrivaux 2011  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Larrivaux
US	"There's a measured richness on the nose of this impressive white, grown in the heart of the appellation's Westside Road neighborhood. Lemony salt and a touch of stone complement the integrated, present oak, rewarded by a complex texture and finish."	Bacigalupi Vineyards	91	54	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kobler 2015 Bacigalupi Vineyards Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Kobler
US	"The vineyard source is in the cooler part of the valley. The wine is nicely crisp, giving a refreshingly clean mouthfeel that balances the very rich, extracted pineapples, apricots, pears, green apples and peaches. Lots of new oak adds vanilla, butterscotch and sweet cream."		87	42	California	Napa Valley	Napa			David Arthur 2007 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	David Arthur
France	"There is a light pepper and spice character that comes through in this wine. It adds to the wine's simple fruitiness with complexity, pushing the rosé into a food friendly character. The wine is ready to drink."		87	30	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chateau Peyrassol 2016 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Chateau Peyrassol
France	Fresh fruit and lively raspberry juice flavors are totally up to the minute. The attractive orange-pink color emphasizes the ripe character of the wine's fruitiness.	Tradition	89	16	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saint-Pierre 2014 Tradition Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Saint-Pierre
France	"It's only medium bodied, but this wine displays charming notes of wild herbs that make it irresistible. The floral and herbal notes wrap seamlessly around the core of ripe cherry fruit, which picks up a touch of chocolaty richness on the finish. Drink now–2014."	Samorëns	89	14	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ferraton Pere et Fils 2009 Samorëns Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Ferraton Pere et Fils
France	"With a dominance of Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend, this structured and firm wine has a dry, dusty character lightened by black currant fruitiness. The aftertaste, with its good mix of fruit and acidity shows a wine that's likely to be ready to drink from 2016."	1844	89	20	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cheval Quancard 2012 1844  (Médoc)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cheval Quancard
US	"The Chester|Kidder Red gets an extra year in barrel and bottle prior to release. It's 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 28% Syrah and 17% Petit Verdot, yielding a big bruiser of a red that is oaky and tannic, with black cherry and cassis under substantial flavors of char, smoke and toast."		90	50	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chester Kidder 2009 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Chester Kidder
Italy	"Elegant and full of volcanic character, this blend of Nerello Mascalese and Nerello Cappuccio opens with notes of brimstone, crushed mineral and delicate forest berry. There is a spicy, slightly thorny side to the wine that becomes more apparent on the palate."	Rosso di Verzella	89	18	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna				Benanti 2009 Rosso di Verzella  (Etna)	Red Blend	Benanti
Chile	"Superripe and dark, with black currant, black cherry and prune aromas. Jammy and deep in the mouth, but with enough acidity to preserve liveliness. Tastes sweet and ripe, then layered and medicinal on the finish. Pushes the envelope on ripeness."	Grey [Glacier] Single Block	89	20	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ventisquero 2009 Grey [Glacier] Single Block Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ventisquero
US	"Sweet vanilla mingles with ripe cherries and plums on the nose and palate of this supple, soft Long Island Merlot. Bright acidity and a hint of green, leafy herbs add freshness on the palate. Finishes on a slightly grippy, tannic note."		85	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Castello di Borghese 2006 Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Castello di Borghese
US	"The veteran San Luis Obispo-based winemaker heads south to the historic vineyard to produce this wine. A wildly dynamic nose suggests unripe lemon skin, pencil lead, oak and smoky wisps of a beach campfire. The woody, cedar element—though not really oaky—provides an intriguing palate of pencil shavings, green pear skins and lime pith."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	92	30	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Stephen Ross 2013 Bien Nacido Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Stephen Ross
US	"This soft, simple wine, with small touches of Malbec and Petit Verdot, delivers sizable tannin atop notable acidity. Tart red currant and cherry meet cedar and a taste of toffee, allowing for a pleasantness on the palate that's rich and ripe."		86	23	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Olema 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Olema
Italy	"This intense Bordeaux blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc from northeast Italy offers impressive density and complexity with pure aromas of blackberry, spice, leather and tobacco. It's a rich, elegant wine that can be paired with game dishes."	Rosso Riserva degli Orzoni	91	47	Northeastern Italy	Collio				Russiz Superiore 2005 Rosso Riserva degli Orzoni Red (Collio)	Red Blend	Russiz Superiore
France	"A finely balanced wine, bringing together the new wood flavors with structured tropical fruits. Plangent acidity is the binding agent, giving an excitingly refreshing wine with a bright finish."	Premier Cru	90	36	Burgundy	Saint-Aubin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pierre André 2008 Premier Cru  (Saint-Aubin)	Chardonnay	Pierre André
US	"This has a medium-garnet color, not overly dark, and the aromas are a bit restrained. However, the flavors ring out and range from higher notes of raspberry and cranberry to a bass note of black cherry for a whole octave of fruit. Classic firm acidity and tannins provide textural backbone and the finish, though lean, lingers."	Boontling	91	28	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Phillips Hill 2012 Boontling Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Phillips Hill
US	"A multidimensional wine, this delicious example made from 130-year-old vines combines depth, breadth and length. It smells like ripe blackberries, tastes fruity and layered, feels luxurious and supple but at the same time firm in fine tannins and balanced by lively acidity. Medium to full bodied, it tastes great now and will improve through 2020."	Deaver Vineyard	94	30	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Terra d'Oro 2013 Deaver Vineyard Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Terra d'Oro
US	"A blend of fruit from Arianses, StoneTree and Heart of the Hill vineyards, this wine, which includes healthy dollops of Mourvèdre and Grenache, displays aromas of cocoa, tar, blackberry, vanilla and barrel spices. The flavors are medium-plus bodied backed by tart acids."		89	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	:Nota Bene 2011 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	:Nota Bene
France	"This wine is ripe yet still crisp, with a touch of honey flavor and apricot fruit lending ripeness, pulled taut by a tang of orange zest-like acidity. It's delicious and ready to drink, finishing on mineral texture."		87	30	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison Matisco 2014  Pouilly-Fuissé	Chardonnay	Maison Matisco
Spain	"Earthy, rooty aromas of tree bark, dried cheese, cedar and baked berry fruits are appropriate for a warm-vintage Rioja. This is round on the palate, with a mature and ready mouthfeel. Raspberry, plum, vanilla and buttery flavors finish with just enough acidity to maintain a sense of freshness. Drink now."	Crianza	90	30	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Baigorri 2009 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Baigorri
Argentina	"Sort of nutty and oily on the nose, without a whole lot of fruit to speak of. Overoaked for what it is, with a resiny mouthfeel and finish. Too much oak, vanilla and cream for a wine of modest quality."		83	10	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Andeluna 2007 Chardonnay (Tupungato)	Chardonnay	Andeluna
US	"The name comes from a Django tune, and also means “clouds” in French. Nothing cloudy here though—it's a pretty, lively, fruit-driven blend with cherry candy flavors. Crisp and fresh, a streak of cola runs comet-like through the tail, along with a hint of mint."	Nuages Unfiltered	88	40	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Christopher 2011 Nuages Unfiltered Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	J. Christopher
US	"Lovely aromatics greet you from the moment the cork is pulled, showing a brambly blend of black cherry, cassis, cola and a whiff of dusty barnyard. The tannins are well structured with a black-tea finish. Drink now through 2025."	Lachini Vineyard	92	55	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Megan Anne 2014 Lachini Vineyard Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Megan Anne
Italy	"Made with organically grown grapes, this ripe, simple wine delivers crushed black plum, prune and dark cherry flavors layered with notes of black pepper, nutmeg and licorice. It's already evolved so drink now to enjoy the juicy fruit."		86	25	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cavalierino 2011  Rosso di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Cavalierino
US	"So delicious now, you can hardly keep your hands off it. Blackberry tart, ripe blueberry, cassis, milk chocolate, licorice and sweet, smoky cedar flavors flood the mouth, dramatically huge and memorable, and lasting long into the finish. The tannins are obvious, but sweetly ripe and soft. A brilliant evocation of Napa Cabernet, despite a high production level of nearly 30,000 cases, which is about the same size as a Bordeaux first growth. Shows the class and potency this bottling has exhibited for many years, and believe it or not, the price is a relative bargain these days. Drink now–2020."	Special Selection	97	130	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Caymus 2009 Special Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Caymus
France	"Cherry, plum and earth aromas lead into a tart, lean palate that struggles to offer more than a modicum of cherry and cassis flavors. The finish is sweet and spicy, which makes for an odd, not terribly appealing combination."	Reserve St. Martin	82	8	Languedoc-Roussillon	Languedoc		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Val d'Orbieu 2001 Reserve St. Martin Cabernet Sauvignon (Languedoc)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Val d'Orbieu
France	"From the vineyard on the slope above Château Pavie, this is a beautiful, juicy and ripe wine. It has a mineral character with great swathes of black-currant fruit. This is a very fine wine, well delineated, ripe and with a delicious red-currant aftertaste. Drink from 2026."		93	240	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Pavie Decesse 2014  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Pavie Decesse
France	"This is a soft, lightly earthy style of wine produced from grapes from across the Loire Valley. It has a strong herbal character and a touch of grapefruit. Drink now."		85	15	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fournier Père et Fils 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Vin de France)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fournier Père et Fils
US	"Sweet, grapy, raspberry-candy fruit flavors are set against suggestions of dried leaf. Tannins are grainy, with a rough, earthy finish."	Arena Valley Vineyard	86	19	Idaho			Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Snake River 2009 Arena Valley Vineyard Sangiovese	Sangiovese	Snake River
US	"Sultry vanilla, smoke and bergamot notes thread languorously on the nose of this intensely perfumed Chardonnay. The palate is more subdued, showing zesty red apple and lemon anchored by a crisp acidic backbone. It's a touch woody now but could balance out with a few more years of bottle aging."	Reserve	88	18	New York	Hudson River Region	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Whitecliff Vineyard 2014 Reserve Chardonnay (Hudson River Region)	Chardonnay	Whitecliff Vineyard
US	"A streak of sharp acidity and green mint makes this wine too tart, despite some pleasant cherry, red currant, clove and cola flavors. The wine is unlikely to develop additional bottle complexity. Sourced from the Sanford & Benedict and La Rinconada vineyards."		84	34	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Sanford 2006 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Sanford
Portugal	"This wine has fine tannins, rich black fruits and a dry core. It is produced by the Roquette family, who owns this spectacular estate high above the Douro. A solid, structured wine, it's packed with tannins and fruit, finishing with acidity. Drink from 2018."	Superior	92	30	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Crasto 2014 Superior Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Crasto
US	"Velvety and plush on the palate, this classic Cabernet offers firm, youthful tannins and full-bodied concentration of dense black fruit. Cedar, dried herb and tobacco scents frame its core, broadcasting a burning intensity and sanguine chewiness. Cellar and enjoy best 2023–2033."	Georges de Latour Private Reserve	94	145	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Beaulieu Vineyard 2013 Georges de Latour Private Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beaulieu Vineyard
US	"Light herbal aromas and lively grapefruit flavors make this inexpensive wine true to type and fun to drink. It is nicely dry and has good, crisp acidity."		85	23	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bota Box 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bota Box
US	"Soft and gentle in structure, this Cab appeals for its ripe, pie-filling flavors of blackberries, cherries and spices. It's a pretty, polished young wine whose vigorous tannins give it a sandpapery texture. Ready now."	Reserve	86	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Snowden 2007 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Snowden
US	"Made from vines nearly 30 years old, this ultra-ripe Sauvignon Blanc was oak-aged in neutral barrels, and comes across with Chardonnay-like richness. It's viscous, rich to the point of liquorous—not for all palates, but done well in its way."	Estate	89	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gamache 2012 Estate Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Gamache
US	"Aromas of orange peel, blue fruit, flowers and dried herbs are appealing and direct. The flavors and feel are elegant, showing freshness and acidity."	Estate Grown	88	21	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gordon Estate 2013 Estate Grown Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Gordon Estate
Italy	"Aromas of steeped berry, baking spice, Alpine herb and crushed stone emerge in the glass. The structured palate offers dried cherry, fig, licorice and powdered herb framed in assertive tannins that leave a firm, astringent finish. Give the tannins another year or two then drink to capture the remaining fruit."		89	54	Lombardy	Sforzato di Valtellina		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Strie 2011  Sforzato di Valtellina	Nebbiolo	Le Strie
Italy	". This rich and opulent blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Petit Verdot delivers an intense bouquet of chocolate, cherry, blackberry, spice, nutmeg and polished stone. The wine ends with firm, biting tannins and flavors of chocolate essence. Give it three to five years of bottle aging."	Volpolo	92	50	Tuscany	Bolgheri				Podere Sapaio 2008 Volpolo  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Podere Sapaio
US	"Richly textured and sumptuous, this Pinot has cherry, red licorice, cola, pepper and sandalwood flavors that go on into a long, spicy finish. The tannins are silky and integrated. The wine displays the fruit forwardness of the vintage, as well as the careful viticulture of the vineyard. Lovely to drink now with steak, and it will reward cellaring until 2020 to 2022."	Cargasacchi Vineyard	93	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Loring Wine Company 2012 Cargasacchi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Loring Wine Company
US	"This is a substantial wine, with alcohol over 14%, and spicy fruit flavors of strawberry, cranberry and apple, buoyed by fresh acidity. Aromatic highlights of cherry and rose petals add further interest, and the concentration is impressive."	Estate Grown Rosé	88	20	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Stoller 2012 Estate Grown Rosé Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Stoller
France	"Bel-Air is owned by the Cazes family of Château Lynch-Bages in Pauillac, and the pedigree of the winemaking shows. A rich, almost opulent wine, tempered with tannins. Flavors of dark black figs, herbs and wood come together harmoniously. It has a tense edge of tannin that promises aging."		90	25	Bordeaux	Graves		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Villa Bel Air 2003  Graves	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Villa Bel Air
Argentina	"The Alta Vista single-vineyard wines are among the best in Argentina. This offers a soft, deep, alluring nose with plum, berry, minerality and a hint of rubber and bacon. It's rich, pure and a bit jammy in feel, with saturated blueberry, blackberry, molasses and caramel flavors. A cuddly, long finish confirms this Malbec's outstanding status. Drink through 2018."	Temis Single Vineyard	94	50	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Vista 2010 Temis Single Vineyard Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Alta Vista
US	"Strong butterscotch aromas and rich, seemingly sweet caramel and melted-butter flavors give this full-bodied wine a syrupy character. The balance is quite soft and oaky components overwhelm the fruity ones."		86	22	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Oak Farm 2016 Chardonnay (Lodi)	Chardonnay	Oak Farm
US	"Visitors to Sonoma Valley are familiar with the beautiful Cherryblock Vineyard, which has been Sebastiani's flagship Cabernet source for decades. The 2010 vintage was kind to it, producing fruit that's not only exceptionally ripe, but well structured. Balanced acidity and soft, intricate tannins house luscious black cherry, currant, anise and new oak flavors. The wine should age in the bottle for at least eight years."	Cherryblock	91	90	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Sebastiani 2010 Cherryblock Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sebastiani
US	"Fresh and minerally on the nose, this bottling shows the expected aromas of orange blossom, Key-lime pith, crushed soda and a touch of petrol. It's very light on the palate, disclosing lime zest, light nectarine juice and lemon-sorbet flavors."	Zabala Vineyard	88	20	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Mercy 2014 Zabala Vineyard Riesling (Arroyo Seco)	Riesling	Mercy
South Africa	"Affordable and exuberant, this Pinotage/Merlot blend starts with cherry, vanilla and cedar aromas followed by bright flavors of fruit and spicy pepper. The finish is spicy and assertive. A great wine for grilled meats and more robust cuisine, and a fun introduction to Pinotage."	Merlot-Pinotage	85	15	Western Cape			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Herding Cats NV Merlot-Pinotage Red (Western Cape)	Red Blend	Herding Cats
US	"Whiffs of freshly pressed apples and peaches entice on this brisk, easy-drinking wine. Refreshing on the palate, it has a hint of minerality that lingers on the finish."		87	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Thirsty Owl Wine Company 2012 Pinot Gris (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Gris	Thirsty Owl Wine Company
US	"This everyday drinker leads with concentrated but mellow aromas of black plum, turned earth, anise and sweet mint. It's quite full on the palate, with baked red fruit and baking spice flavors. Very fruit-forward."	Full Moon	87	19	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Midnight 2013 Full Moon Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Midnight
Australia	"Citrusy and perfumed, with a bit of tomato-leaf herbalness thrown into the mix, this is a light, rainwater-fresh style of Sauvignon Blanc that needs more concentration and intensity before it can be considered top-flight. It's a workmanlike effort, but nothing more."		85	19	Victoria	Yarra Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Coldstream Hills 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Yarra Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Coldstream Hills
Portugal	"An easy, fruity wine, this is full of blackberry and red currant flavors. Its fruitiness is tempered with a firm tannic core that gives a light structure."	Loios Tinto	87	10	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2011 Loios Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
France	"This wine has an attractive salmon-pink color followed by ripe caramel and spice flavors. The fruit and acidity don't feature as strongly, so the end result is a wine that is fat."		83	11	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Cornemps 2015 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château de Cornemps
US	"This will impress red wine lovers with its sheer deliciousness. It offers waves of blackberry and blueberry jam, dark chocolate, anise and cedar wood flavors, leading to a long, spicy finish. It's a bit soft, which might limit ageability, but it is a lovely wine to drink over the next few years."	Vineyard Georges III	93	95	California	Rutherford	Napa			Sojourn 2009 Vineyard Georges III Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sojourn
US	"Shows the richness of fruit, as well as oak, that has lately characterized this Monterey-grown Chardonnay, with very ripe pineapple and crème brûlée flavors. Feels somewhat obvious, lacking the subtle appeal of the 2007. Drink now."	Estate	88	28	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			McIntyre Vineyards 2008 Estate Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	McIntyre Vineyards
Italy	"Aromas of smoke, underbrush, espresso and grilled herb lead the nose on this blend of Nero di Troia and Aglianico. The palate offers dried black cherry, anisette, coffee and toast alongside chewy tannins."	Bolonero	88	15	Southern Italy	Castel del Monte		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Torrevento 2012 Bolonero Red (Castel del Monte)	Red Blend	Torrevento
US	"Thickly concentrated in a rich style, this wine also possesses a balanced backbone of citrus and melon flavor, made more decadent by accompanying marshmallow and vanilla bean notes."		87	16	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Flint & Steel 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Flint & Steel
France	"This is taut and mineral, with hidden power. It's very closed at this stage. It's a wine with acidity and notes of green fruits and crisp apples, with just a touch of wood. This will age for many years."	Les Clos Grand Cru	95	70	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jean-Paul et Benoît Droin 2010 Les Clos Grand Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Jean-Paul et Benoît Droin
Austria	"This intensely aromatic wine has perfumes of peach, apricot and ripe plum. These fruits dominate the warm, ripe palate, with just a hint of minerality."	Rosenberg Select	90	18	Niederösterreich			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dürnberg 2011 Rosenberg Select Riesling (Niederösterreich)	Riesling	Dürnberg
Austria	"V.T.S.? Vintage Top Select is the name of this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Blaufränkisch, Zweigelt, Merlot and Syrah. Quite a collection, but the result is a finely polished wine, new wood topping a concentrated, lightly jammy texture, which has richness and good ripe redfruit flavors. A finishing bitterness, which needs to soften out, is the only downside here."	V.T.S.	89	36	Burgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Hans Moser 2006 V.T.S. Red (Burgenland)	Red Blend	Hans Moser
US	"Elderberry, white pepper, leather, asphalt and black olive show on the nose of this blend of all five Bordeaux varieties done in the region's savory style. The flavors are mellow overall, with wildfire smoke and a bit of herbaceousness decorating the elderberry and graphite core."	San Andreas	89	49	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Black Ridge 2012 San Andreas Red (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Black Ridge
US	"Coming from a vineyard near Solvang, this wine by Mikael Sigouin shows orange sponge cake, honey and the slightest twist of petrol on the nose. The palate boasts orange blossoms and bright acidity, gaining complexity from chalky white rocks and the slight bitterness of Japanese pear peels."	La Presa Vineyard	89	25	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kaena 2013 La Presa Vineyard Riesling (Santa Ynez Valley)	Riesling	Kaena
US	"Crisp, pristine blackberry notes are deeply penetrating on the nose and palate. It's ripe and luscious on the palate with layers of savory herb, smoke and hay that add complexity and flair. Big, impenetrable tannins need time to mellow, but are likely to smooth out beautifully through 2019."	Christian's Cuvee	90	100	New York	"The Hamptons, Long Island"	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		"Wölffer 2010 Christian's Cuvee Merlot (The Hamptons, Long Island)"	Merlot	Wölffer
Chile	"Odd and unusual aromas of murky fruit and clove are matched on the palate, which tastes of fake oak, clove and little else. This Pinot seems more artificial than natural."	Left Coast	81	7	Chile			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	flipflop NV Left Coast Pinot Noir (Chile)	Pinot Noir	flipflop
France	"A touch of wood aging gives this wine richness, aided by the ripe fruit of the vintage. The wine is full with citrus, crisp apple and ripe pear. With its nervy texture and acidity, it needs to age a bit more. Drink from 2018."	Buissonnier	87	19	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons de Buxy 2015 Buissonnier  (Bourgogne)	Chardonnay	Vignerons de Buxy
US	"A wonderful nose mixes pineapple/tropical fruits, honeysuckle and some spicy herbs. The crisp and clean flavors are of green berries, melon and vanilla. Best Buy."	Fume	88	9	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hedges 1999 Fume Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Hedges
South Africa	"Cedar plank-grilled meat and herbal accents jazz up the heady black fruit core of this wine. Rich and dark, flavors of black berry, plum flesh, cigar box, licorice and pepper dance in the mouth and stay through the solid finish. Fine but firm tannins provide structure and texture, and the wine, though delicious now, should age nicely through 2014."	Reserve	90	33	Simonsberg-Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Remhoogte 2007 Reserve Merlot (Simonsberg-Stellenbosch)	Merlot	Remhoogte
Portugal	"Initial new wood flavors show the youth of this complex wine. Then it fills out in the mouth with an explosive blackberry flavor and dense fruit tannins. With its power and flavor intensity, it has firm potential to age over at least five years."	Vinhas Velhas de Santa Maria	93	70	Beiras			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de Foz de Arouce 2009 Vinhas Velhas de Santa Maria Red (Beiras)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de Foz de Arouce
Chile	"This wine's crusty, minerally aromas of black fruit are lightly toasted and earthy. On the palate, it feels tannic and high in acidity, with roasted, earthy flavors of plum and raspberry. Concentrated and grabby on the finish, it has a touch of lemony oak and astringency."	Signature	87	40	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Apaltagua 2010 Signature Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Apaltagua
US	"Not very Chardonnay-like, more like a Viognier or Pinot Gris with its aromatic floral, tropical fruit, citrus, melon and spice aromas and flavors. Still, it's very tasty, and dry as well, with a crisp spine of minerally acidity."		87	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Villa Andretti 2009 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Villa Andretti
US	"Klopp is a mix of California and Burgundy clones, one of the producer's finest offerings every year, made in an opulent, balanced style. Lush layers of strawberry and cherry are surrounded by truffle-like dirt. The wine is concentrated in tannin and subtle oak, while anise marks the measured finish. The wine will benefit from time in the cellar through 2020."	Klopp Ranch	93	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Merry Edwards 2012 Klopp Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
France	"An intense and concentrated wine, with dense black fruits balanced by acidity. There is ripeness here, with a firm, ageworthy structure as well as delicious juicy Pinot Noir character."	Château Corton Grancey	93	129	Burgundy	Corton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2009 Château Corton Grancey  (Corton)	Pinot Noir	Louis Latour
US	"Rhubarb, cranberry and strawberry mix on the nose in this richly inviting wine that is textured and not overwhelming in weight. Featuring electric acidity, the wine finishes boldly in blackberry and licorice."	Kaufman Sunnyside Vineyard	90	42	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	WillowBrook Cellars 2012 Kaufman Sunnyside Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Mountain)	Pinot Noir	WillowBrook Cellars
Italy	"This has aromas of overripe black cherry and spice. The palate reveals mature black fruit, raisin and pepper notes. This is very warm and shows the heat of the vintage, so drink soon."	Campo San Vito	86	20	Veneto	Valpolicella Classico Superiore Ripasso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Monteleone 2011 Campo San Vito  (Valpolicella Classico Superiore Ripasso)	Red Blend	Villa Monteleone
US	"This wine is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot, all from Burgess Vineyard. The aromas display each variety in turn, with notes of high-toned herbs followed by plum and dried cherries. Tart flavors show a focus on acid, and are far more elegant in style than most wines from this vintage."	Cove Cuvée	88	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Burnt Bridge 2013 Cove Cuvée Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Burnt Bridge
US	"The aromas of lees, citrus, almond, melon, apple, spice and butter draw you into the glass. This wine brings a dazzling sense of texture, with fruit and spice flavors dappled throughout."		91	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Sinclair Estate Vineyards 2013 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Sinclair Estate Vineyards
US	"Bacon meat and blackberry pie jump from the glass in this full-bodied, ripely concentrated vineyard-designate, a strong and powerful wine. Smoky oak and a thickness of body weight round out the big, bold experience."	Buchignani Vineyard	87	35	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Keating 2013 Buchignani Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Keating
US	"Slightly pale pink in color, this 50% Pinot Noir and 50% Chardonnay sparkling wine offers rosé-like aromas, dominated by watermelon water. The vibrant bubbles release bubblegum ester, lime and melon on the palate, making for an excellent brunch wine."	Brut Sparkling Wine	88	30	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lucas & Lewellen 2012 Brut Sparkling Wine Sparkling (Santa Barbara County)	Sparkling Blend	Lucas & Lewellen
US	"A great Hanzell Chardonnay, which means you don't want to drink it now. Dry and acidic, it's an aloof young wine whose minerality gives it a tough tang of steel despite a heart of citrus fruit. Give it 5–6 years in a good cellar, and it will develop interestingly beyond that."		93	70	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Hanzell 2007 Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Hanzell
Spain	"This is two consecutive vintages of sketchy to poor rosé from this label. This one smells a bit like a swimming pool, while the flavors are of tart nectarine and pickle. Doesn't much cut it."	Rosado	80	15	Northern Spain	Toro		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Estancia Piedra 2007 Rosado Rosé (Toro)	Rosé	Estancia Piedra
US	"Heidi Barrett makes this 100% varietal wine, coaxing lovely, fully ripe cherry and cassis notions from the intensely perfumed glass. A sizable tannic structure girds the fruit, adding graphite and tar accents. It finishes on a dried herb note."	Vintage XI Proprietor Grown	92	100	California	Howell Mountain	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lamborn Family Vineyards 2013 Vintage XI Proprietor Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lamborn Family Vineyards
France	"This Chardonnay gets its salty character and crisp texture from the nearby sea. That crispness is sustained by creamy fruit, acidity and a full-bodied structure that makes it ready to drink."		87	19	France Other	Ile de Beauté		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Lischetto 2016 Chardonnay (Ile de Beauté)	Chardonnay	Domaine de Lischetto
Argentina	"Big, ripe, colorful and attractive, with leather and earth on the nose. The mouthfeel is a touch clanky, while the black fruit palate is broad and masculine as it shows a few holes in the fabric. With vanilla and mocha late, this is a nice Malbec with full tannins and grip."		88	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mendel 2007 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Mendel
Italy	"This earthy Chianti Classico offers bold aromas of truffle, underbrush, dried tobacco and ripe berry. The palate delivers succulent black-cherry balanced by white pepper, cinnamon and hints of carob. Drink now–2020."		91	12	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Tregole 2010  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Fattoria Tregole
New Zealand	Struck flint and tomato stalk on the nose lead into a medium-bodied wine with strong citrus overtones. White grapefruit and green leafy notes linger on the dry finish.		90	24	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Loveblock 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Loveblock
Australia	"This medium-bodied Chardonnay features aromas of pineapple and roasted cashew. Similar notes of ripe pineapple and nuts mark the palate, then ease to a rather soft, easy finish. Drink now."	Made With Organic Grapes	86	18	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Yalumba 2016 Made With Organic Grapes Chardonnay (South Australia)	Chardonnay	Yalumba
Chile	"The bouquet offers a dose of toast to go with a standard baked-apple flavor, and the mouthfeel is plump and easy. Flavors of baked apple and pear are friendly and round, while the medium-length finish delivers touches of vanilla and caramel. Good for Maule Chardonnay."	Sabrina Reserve	86	12	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Nicolas 2010 Sabrina Reserve Chardonnay (Maule Valley)	Chardonnay	San Nicolas
France	"Guigal's Côtes du Rhône rosé is a blend of 70% Grenache, 20% Cinsault and 10% Syrah. It's a dark pink shade, rather full bodied and rich. Some earthy, savory notes help balance out the intense cherry-berry fruit, lingering on the finish."		90	19	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	E. Guigal 2016 Rosé (Côtes du Rhône)	Rosé	E. Guigal
US	"Another new Rosenblum release and as usual, there is a sweet, sugary edge to the cherries, blackberries and chocolate, although very high acidity helps keep the mouthfeel lively. The official alcohol is 14.8%, but there is something ruby Porty going on."	Maggie's Reserve	86	45	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Rosenblum 2005 Maggie's Reserve Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Rosenblum
Italy	"This is delicious and forward, with aromas of ripe plum, spice and raisin. The rich palate delivers opulent black fruit flavors along with black licorice and white pepper notes. This is big, soft and open, and should be enjoyed soon."	Corte Majoli	90	30	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tezza 2009 Corte Majoli  (Amarone della Valpolicella)	Red Blend	Tezza
Spain	"With a rusty salmon color, this Pinot Noir Cava offers citrus and red-fruit aromas along with earthy funk. The palate is generally well balanced, while smoky, earthy flavors of red fruits and citrus finish mild."	Aria Pinot Noir Brut	86	14	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Segura Viudas NV Aria Pinot Noir Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Segura Viudas
Spain	"After wading through some burn and heat on the nose, things settle on basic red fruit. The feel is fresh and zesty, while flavors of plum and berry are about as average and normal as they come. Feels racy, slick and quick on the finish."		85	10	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castillo Clavijo NV  Rioja	Tempranillo	Castillo Clavijo
US	"Pulverized peppercorns and dried oregano aromas give ample seasoning to lush blackberry fruit on this wine from a vineyard planted by the Pisoni and Franscioni families. The firm structure implies that this wine will improve with time, but it's already deliciously savory with lots of thyme, anise, menthol, charred beef and pepper throughout the purple fruit flavors."	Soberanes Vineyard	93	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lucia 2012 Soberanes Vineyard Syrah (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Syrah	Lucia
US	"Black licorice and compost add life and breadth to this roundly tannic, richly layered wine. Huckleberry and dark cherry give it a welcome fruitiness that's ripe and lush, as vanilla and cardamom complement the fruit."	Dry Farmed Estate	92	80	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Nicholson Ranch 2014 Dry Farmed Estate Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Nicholson Ranch
Argentina	"Opens with a foxy, jumpy, jammy set of aromas. The palate is also jammy and amorphous, with candied berry flavors and a drab, tangy, almost peppery finish."		83	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Notro 2008 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Notro
US	"Another attempt at a low-impact Chardonnay unfettered by oak, this result is curiously confectionary and sweet. Apple flavors veer into candy territory and the wine is slightly fat instead of crisp, despite the low alcohol and stainless-steel fermentation."	Un-Oaked	84	14	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	River Road 2013 Un-Oaked Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	River Road
US	"One barrel from each of the three estate vineyards contributed to this reserve. It's densely packed with a rich mix of fruits: juicy and ripe lemon and lime, grapefruit and orange, and a light touch of slightly bitter rind. The length is amazing. It's delicious now, and it should hold for up to a decade."	Estates Reserve Dry	95	38	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2015 Estates Reserve Dry Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Trisaetum
US	"Plummy and tight, this wine comes from the Green Valley section of the Russian River Valley. Youthful, it hints at fierce acidity around delicately woven specks of mint, pine forest, rhubarb and clove. In the background, the region's classic cola cherry characteristic shows as well. Drink now through 2021."	Foray	91	44	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bailiwick 2013 Foray Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bailiwick
Chile	"Opens with aromas of black cherry, pepper, herbs and rubber. The palate is sort of flat and low in intensity, with smooth but basic flavors of vanilla and berry compote. Tastes sort of roasted and minty on the finish, but also full and sweet."	Estate Collection	85	9	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viu Manent 2008 Estate Collection Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viu Manent
US	"Tart cranberry, wild thyme, olive and Indian spices show on the nose of this appellation blend, a great representation of the cool-climate styles this winery is known for. Kalamata olive and Mediterranean spices arise on the palate, with baked fig, orange rinds, preserved lemon and chaparral combining for a tagine-like expression."		92	42	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Presqu'ile 2014 Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Presqu'ile
Chile	"A bit hard and dark at first, yet despite rubbery, leathery aromas this evolves into a fine everyday Malbec. The palate hits with punch and pop; it's jumpy and packed with boysenberry, blueberry and blackberry flavors. A fruit bomb for sure, but one with balance and New World intensity that many people are looking for."	Reserva	88	12	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2009 Reserva Malbec (Colchagua Valley)	Malbec	Santa Rita
US	"Soft and creamy, like a chocolate and black raspberry drink, sprinkled with pepper and cinnamon. Almost like a Port in its sweetness."	Cask 520	86	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			San Antonio 2007 Cask 520 Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	San Antonio
US	"There's a curious sign of age on this otherwise young wine, with oxidized aromas of sweet smoke, marshmallows and marzipan. It's not quite as oak-driven on the palate, where a citrus-juice backbone holds up the otherwise subdued flavors."		86	22	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Stolo 2012 Chardonnay (San Luis Obispo County)	Chardonnay	Stolo
US	"Richly barrel fermented, this wine shares its caramelized toasty oak character with sultry, creamy ripe apple, pear and melon. Lushly layered, it goes spicy on the finish in a dash of piquant nutmeg."	Estate Vineyards	88	22	California	Chalk Hill	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rodney Strong 2015 Estate Vineyards Chardonnay (Chalk Hill)	Chardonnay	Rodney Strong
Portugal	"This firm and generous blend of Touriga Nacional and Alicante Bouschet is powerful, with great black fruits and layers of firm tannins. Its structure and concentration are made for aging. Drink this wine from 2020."	Babu Reserva	90	25	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fiuza 2016 Babu Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Fiuza
France	"This pink-colored wine comes from the Domaine owned by the Rabarin family for over 150 years. It is deliciously crisp, bright with acidity and with a tannic edge that comes from the Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend. This is a refreshing bright wine that is ready to drink."	Domaine la Rabiotte	89	13	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Ravoire et Fils 2016 Domaine la Rabiotte Rosé (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rosé	Ravoire et Fils
US	"Upon opening, it's compact and tangy, with deep fruit flavors of raspberry, red plum and pie cherry. There is a lot of life to this wine, with fresh and clean fruit flavors. It needs time to develop in the bottle. A blend of 47% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Cabernet Franc and 33% Merlot."		91	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	àMaurice 2009 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	àMaurice
Italy	"Aromas of toast, oak, hazelnut and a whiff of citrus zest slowly come together on this mature sparkler. The concentrated palate is more about complexity than primary fruit, offering bread crust, toasted almond, fennel, yellow apple skin and a hint of lemon zest alongside an elegant perlage."	Madame Martis Brut Metodo Classico Riserva	90	170	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Maso Martis 2006 Madame Martis Brut Metodo Classico Riserva Sparkling (Trento)	Sparkling Blend	Maso Martis
Spain	"Savory oak aromas and related spice notes blend with earthy berry scents. This wine has a racy mouthfeel tempered by creamy oak. Woody, spicy, earthy flavors of berry fruits and tomato conclude with a note of vanilla on a traditional Rioja-style finish."	Reserva	88	29	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vallobera 2015 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Vallobera
US	"Showing that Ballard Canyon can do much more than Rhônes, this conveys dried black and tart cherries on the nose as well as dark chocolate and vanilla. Concentrated blackberries rise on the deep, dark palate, boosted by beef char, caramelized red fruits and mint, with a leveling touch of bitterness."	Stolpman Vineyard	90	26	California	Ballard Canyon	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Santa Barbara Winery 2012 Stolpman Vineyard Sangiovese (Ballard Canyon)	Sangiovese	Santa Barbara Winery
US	"Quite sweet and quite delicious, this ripe and fruity wine has lots of black plum, dried cherry and raisin flavors, a soft texture and a lingering, berry-pie finish."	Ten Zin	87	30	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Deaver 2013 Ten Zin Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Deaver
US	"This is a great 2005 Pinot Noir, the best ever from Talley. The wine somehow combines huge ripe fruit with delicacy. It floods the mouth with profound currant, cherry pie, licorice, cola, raspberry, cocoa and vanilla smoke flavors, yet feels light and silky, and is thoroughly dry. That's the magic of Pinot Noir. You can enjoy this small production wine now, and it should develop additional complexities for 10 years."	Rosemary's Vineyard	97	70	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Talley 2005 Rosemary's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Pinot Noir	Talley
US	"A touch of honey brings a sense of sweetness to the flavors of lemon candy, pineapple juice, green melon and vanilla. Tart acidity provides fine vitality and balance. This shows real Napa Valley finesse."		88	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Black Stallion 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Black Stallion
France	"Bordeaux wine should not have high alcohol; it detracts from the play between fruit and tannins, as in this wine. It is powered by its extracted structure, with flavors of bitter chocolate that leave the fruit behind."	Cuvée Prestige	85	36	Bordeaux	Lussac Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château des Landes 2009 Cuvée Prestige  (Lussac Saint-Émilion)	Merlot	Château des Landes
South Africa	"Subtle scents of buttered toast and candied citrus peel add interest to the fresh tropical-fruit core of peach, guava, fig and mango. Medium acidity gives the palate good lift, while the lime-zest finish is clean and mouthwatering. Enjoy now."		89	21	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Neil Ellis 2012 Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Neil Ellis
Chile	"Heavy oak and marginal white-fruit scents make for a compromised nose. This feels chunky and resiny, with heavy flavors of clove and raw wood. Additional clove notes on the finish render this Chardonnay an underachiever."	Gran Reserva	83	15	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Indomita 2015 Gran Reserva Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Indomita
US	"Built for the cellar, this Cab is impressively deep in ripe currant, cherry, cocoa, milk chocolate and spice flavors. It's quite tannic, with a brittle astringency, and sweet in oak and fruit on the finish. Best after 2008, and for some years after."	Reserve	89	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Sequoia Grove 2003 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sequoia Grove
France	"Based in the Côte des Blancs, Nicolas Feuillatte has access to some fine Chardonnay for this mineral-textured wine. Lightly perfumed with white flowers, it is crisp and fresh, with sliced apple and lemon right up front. The wine is fruity now and will age well. Either drink now or wait for more maturity from 2017."	Blanc de Blancs Brut	90	56	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Nicolas Feuillatte 2006 Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Nicolas Feuillatte
France	"Made from Grenache, this fresh and deliciously fruity wine has a soft side from its ripe berry fruits and warm acidity. Produced in Languedoc, the wine has a sunny character, full of life and lightness."		86	10	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Le Val 2015 Rosé (Vin de France)	Rosé	Le Val
US	"Notes of fresh herbs and melon rind lend a verdant tone to this semi-sweet, late-harvest wine. The palate is crisp with tart green apple and peach flavors, but imbued with touches of exotic orange spice and honey that linger mysteriously on the finish."	Tanzen Dame Morehouse Road Vineyard 1st Harvest	90	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bloomer Creek 2012 Tanzen Dame Morehouse Road Vineyard 1st Harvest Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Bloomer Creek
France	"Very ripe pear fruit is dangerously close to tipping over into cloying richness, almost hinting at cream soda. The palate is less overwhelming. As always, that special streak of Alsace acid saves the day."	Tradition	88	19	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Kuentz-Bas 2014 Tradition Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Kuentz-Bas
US	"Light, clear and softly crafted to highlight dried herb and cranberry tea, this is a rounded, approachably complex wine, a nice representative of the vintage, warm and easy. Peppery cola closes things out with length and grace."	Dutton Ranch Widdoes Vineyard	93	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lucie 2014 Dutton Ranch Widdoes Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lucie
US	"While perfumed on the nose with aromas of rose petal and peach, a vein of green lingers throughout this blend of Muscat and Malvasia. It's dry and medium bodied in style, but delicately concentrated with soft, yielding acidity."	Aromatico	82	25	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Palmer 2011 Aromatico White (North Fork of Long Island)	White Blend	Palmer
US	"There's a bright, brisk vein of acidity in this dry wine, which stimulates the palate and gets the tastebuds watering. The true flavors sink into the middle palate, suggesting grilled pineapple, tangerine jam and buttered toast. A firm minerality grounds and braces the richness. Don't drink this Chardonnay too cold."	Courtney's Vineyard	91	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Two Sisters 2009 Courtney's Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Two Sisters
France	This premium cuvée from Eugénie is packed both with superripe fruit and layers of wood aging flavors. The fruit of this impressive wine is still pushing through the dark tannins that give a dry dusty edge to the wine. It is powerful and rich and should age. Drink from 2020.	Haute Collection	93	40	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Eugénie 2014 Haute Collection Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Eugénie
New Zealand	"Saint Clair produces some 86,000 cases of this solid Sauvignon Blanc. If it's not quite as rich, concentrated or flamboyant as its Pioneer Block bottlings, it still delivers authentic Marlborough Sauvignon character. Pineapple and tomato leaf notes are well balanced, while the wine is medium bodied and slightly creamy in the mouth."		88	20	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Saint Clair 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Saint Clair
US	"The winery calls this a Super-Tuscan blend, though the inclusion of 38% Carmenère might have some Italian vintners scratching their heads. The rest is mostly Sangiovese, with bits of Syrah and Cabernet as well. Juicy citrus and purple berries, some pomegranate and dark chocolate can be found, along with the green bean, stemmy flavors of Carmenère."	Phoenix	86	36	Oregon	Southern Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Season 2012 Phoenix Red (Southern Oregon)	Red Blend	Season
France	This certified organic wine from Damien Lorteau is juicy with attractive blackberry fruit. Spice and warm tannins (aged 12 months in barrel) give it a rich structure. It will have a fine future—a ripe wine with plenty of fruitiness. Drink from 2019.	Cuvée les Hélices	89	26	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château les Vieux Moulins 2014 Cuvée les Hélices  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château les Vieux Moulins
France	"A ripe style of wine, typified by its caramel element and full, spicy fruit. With its weight, it should pair well with food."	Cuvée Première	85	13	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Deffends 2011 Cuvée Première Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Deffends
US	"The vineyard sourcing here is half Le Bon Climat and half Bien Nacido. It's a fleshy, flashy Chardonnay, big and opulent, if a little obvious in crowd appeal. Shows rich, flamboyant pineapple, honey, vanilla, crème brûlée and buttered toast flavors."	Renewel Nuits-Blanches au Barge	88	35	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Au Bon Climat 2008 Renewel Nuits-Blanches au Barge Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Au Bon Climat
New Zealand	"Although the stars at Saint Clair are the Reserve and Pioneer Block wines, the regular SB bottling has maintained a high level of quality. The 2008 boasts exuberant passion fruit and grapefruit aromas and flavors, backed by fresh, grassy notes. It's medium in body, with a mouthwatering, fresh finish."		88	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Saint Clair 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Saint Clair
US	"This is still the current release. A very hot vintage in Washington, it leads with a Portlike nose of raisins and prunes; follows with soft, ripe and roasted flavors. The tannins are deep and earthy. Drink now. —P.G."		87	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kiona 1998 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Kiona
Portugal	"Based on the local Castelão grape, this wine is aged in wood for eight months. Its ripeness and soft tannins are both fruity and lightly structured. It is full-bodied, yet has enough acidity to bring out a juicy, fruity aftertaste."	Periquita Reserva	90	16	Península de Setúbal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	José Maria da Fonseca 2014 Periquita Reserva Red (Península de Setúbal)	Portuguese Red	José Maria da Fonseca
South Africa	"This is green and grassy upfront, but in an attractive way, with pungent notes of sweet grass, verbena and lime leaf at the fore. The lightweight palate offers additional notes of lemon-lime and green plum that carry through to the mouthwatering finish. Drink now–2018."		88	19	Walker Bay			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Southern Right 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Walker Bay)	Sauvignon Blanc	Southern Right
US	"Medium ruby along the rim, with purple in the core, this Merlot starts off with ripe red cherry and plum on the nose, with fern and warm spice adding nuance. The palate is soft and plush, with grippy black-tea tannins supporting juicy red-fruit flavors."	Josie's Knoll	87	22	Virginia	Monticello		Alexander Peartree		Lovingston 2014 Josie's Knoll Merlot (Monticello)	Merlot	Lovingston
France	"Smoky aromas from wood aging lead to a richly structured palate that's packed with tannins. It's extracted, with a bitter coffee character and black fruit flavors that are slowly developing. Drink from 2020."	Devise	90	40	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Pailhas 2014 Devise  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Pailhas
France	"Fragrant, soft and fruity, this has weight and firm tannins, which meld with the juicy blackberry flavor. The result is a forward and ready-to-drink wine."	Château Leret Monpezat	89	20	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2009 Château Leret Monpezat Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Georges Vigouroux
US	"This wine is all bluster and brawn, pruney in its sweet, prolific tannin and oak. Dried cherry takes on a jammy, baked quality that devolves quickly amid the concentration and power."	Eakle Ranch	83	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pope Valley Winery 2012 Eakle Ranch Sangiovese (Napa Valley)	Sangiovese	Pope Valley Winery
Argentina	"This youthful pink-colored number smells of dusty cherry and Lifesavers. A juicy palate has a soda-like feel, while flavors of raspberry and cherry are light and dilute across the finish."	Sustainably Farmed Estate Grown and Bottled	85	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zolo 2017 Sustainably Farmed Estate Grown and Bottled Rosé (Mendoza)	Rosé	Zolo
France	"The flagship wine from Fournier is rich, showing maturing Sauvignon Blanc along with smooth, creamy plum and apricot flavors. It is full and intense—a complex wine that will repay another 2–3 years of aging."	Grand Fumé	91	32	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fournier Père et Fils 2009 Grand Fumé  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fournier Père et Fils
US	"At the age of more than four years, this 100% Cabernet remains an immature clash of fruit, oak and tannins. Everything sticks out, especially the massive blackberry and cassis flavors. The oak is sweet and butterscotchy on the finish. With a superb structure, it seems like an ideal cellar candidate, except for a touch of bitter raisin in the finish. Hard to predict its future. Try in 2015."	Reserve	90	125	California	Mount Veeder	Napa			Rubissow 2007 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rubissow
Italy	"Argiano's Suolo is a true standout in the world of Tuscan Sangiovese. It achieves elegance, complexity and richness with bright cherry notes contrasted against sweet vanilla and spicy oak. The finish is long, smooth and persistent."	Suolo	92	83	Tuscany	Toscana				Argiano 2006 Suolo Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Argiano
Italy	"Linear and fresh, this delivers aromas and flavors of ripe pear, golden apple, tangerine and aromatic herb. Bright acidity offsets the creamy flavors while an elegant mousse provides the backdrop."	Brut Metodo Classico Riserva	92	60	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Maso Martis 2009 Brut Metodo Classico Riserva Sparkling (Trento)	Sparkling Blend	Maso Martis
Italy	Here's a fun and slightly less formal expression of Nebbiolo (especially when compared to the great wines of Barbaresco and Barolo) that offers tight fruit nuances of white cherry and forest berry backed by light shadings of spice and smoke.		87	20	Piedmont	Langhe				Socré 2006 Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Socré
France	"This soft wine is full of yellow fruits and spiced lemon, with a light, tangy texture. It's rich while having a crisper side. Drink in fall 2016."	Tradition	85	25	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Emile Beyer 2013 Tradition Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Emile Beyer
US	"Heavy fruit concentration meets thick, velvety tannins in this full-bodied, deeply colored and extremely flavorful wine. It's big enough to pair with big proteins, and concentrated enough to keep improving in the cellar. Best after 2019."	SMC	90	48	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Three 2013 SMC Red (California)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Three
US	"From the first whiff—laden with tangy notes of herb, leaf and spicy cranberry fruit—this announces itself as classic Oregon Pinot Noir. At 14+% it's ripe enough to build a core of sweet cherry fruit; but it is not shy about expressing the herbal side of the grape, and does so to good effect. It's a vivacious, expressive wine that offers a rich range of flavors, well beyond the basic fruit and barrel approach of too many wineries."		90	30	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Coteau 2006 Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Coteau
US	"A beautiful sparkling wine, one of the best on the market at this price. It's marked by a very fine mousse, giving it a refined, elegant feeling on the palate. The flavors of citrus, vanilla and yeast are savory. Drink now."	Brut	91	26	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Domaine Carneros 2006 Brut Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Carneros
France	"This is a fruity, lightly structured wine. With perfumed red berries and tight acidity, it is all about fruitiness and freshness. It needs to fill out and to become as rich as its potential suggests. Drink from 2018."		88	23	Loire Valley	Menetou-Salon		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jean Teiller 2014  Menetou-Salon	Pinot Noir	Domaine Jean Teiller
US	"A stalwart, sturdy rendering, this smells like ripe plums and dark spices. It tastes full of fruit but is shaded nicely by slightly smoky, peppery notes. The body is full and the texture firm with tannins and acidity. Best drink this after 2018."	Reserve Alder Springs Vineyard	89	36	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	City Winery of New York 2012 Reserve Alder Springs Vineyard Syrah (Mendocino)	Syrah	City Winery of New York
Italy	"This savory Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon blend offers aromas of bell pepper, red currant and plum that carry over to the palate, along with toasted sensations of espresso and oak. Its linear structure will pair well with grilled chicken seasoned with rosemary and grilled vegetables."	Brentino	87	18	Veneto	Veneto		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Maculan 2011 Brentino Red (Veneto)	Red Blend	Maculan
France	"Named after the dry wind that blows through the Jurançon vineyards, this light, poised sweet wine has typical freshness, the botrytis never cloying but immersed in currants, fresh apricots. The wine has a lively, buoyant, sweet character."	Foehn	90	24	Southwest France	Jurançon		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lionel Osmin & Cie 2008 Foehn  (Jurançon)	White Blend	Lionel Osmin & Cie
US	"Soft and melted, with sugary sweet berry jam flavors side by side with green mint. Unbalanced, but drinkable."		80	18	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Mission Trail 2006 Syrah (Monterey County)	Syrah	Mission Trail
US	"Malbec, Cabernet, Tempranillo, Petite Sirah, Grenache and Mourvèdre are all here. Fruity and forward, this shows the same strong streaks of vanilla, tobacco and chocolate flavors as the rest of the Milbrandt reds."	Brothers' Blend Red	87	17	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Milbrandt 2009 Brothers' Blend Red Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Milbrandt
Spain	"A simple bouquet offers light apple and melon aromas, while the palate shows some malic acidity before it softens. Melon, apple and a touch of butter work together to create a mild flavor profile, while this is mellow and short on the finish."		86	12	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Otazu 2014 Chardonnay (Navarra)	Chardonnay	Otazu
US	"This is a delicious, memorable wine that does the vineyard justice, offering layers of baked strawberry fruit tempered by moderate acidity. As it slowly opens, it reveals rose petal, cherry and pomegranate flavors, its texture broad yet defined."	Reuling Vineyard	93	69	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sojourn 2015 Reuling Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sojourn
US	"Aromas of dried cranberry, raspberry, vanilla, dill and spice are followed by velvety fruit and barrel flavors that show a lovely sense of balance. It provides plenty of interest but the barrel notes seem a bit too predominant."		88	38	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dumas Station 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dumas Station
US	"Stiff and tannic, this has some black cherry fruit peeking through but it's overtaken by the earthy, bitter tannins. The wine finishes thin and short."		84	30	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Archer 2012 Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Archer
US	"This is barrel fermented, with noticeable flavors of heavily buttered toast, butterscotch and caramel flavors. Bright with crisp acidity, it also features notes of ripe pineapple, pear, peach and mango."		87	15	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Aquinas 2010 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Aquinas
US	"This shows Merry Edwards' signature of exceptional deliciousness and drinkability, coupled with seemingly neverending depth. Made using fruit sourced from the winery's vineyard in the cooler southwestern part of the valley, near Sebastopol, this is rich in acids and soft tannins, but the flavors set it apart. Notes of raspberry, cherry, cola, tea, licorice, pepper and sandalwood abound and evolve with every sip. Drink now–2018."	Coopersmith	95	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Merry Edwards 2010 Coopersmith Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
US	"Rich, satisfying and full bodied, this wine is packed with delicious fruit and spice flavors while structured by good acidity and fine tannins that keep the texture lively. Layers of cherry, currant, cedar and cinnamon fill the flavor profile, and a long finish completes the package."	Estate	93	55	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Panthea 2012 Estate Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Panthea
US	"Great fruit concentration and grace make this wine a winner. It feels medium-bodied despite its high degree of ripeness, showing that balance is attainable with significant power. It has ripe, plummy aromas, fresh red cherry and cranberry flavors, supportive tannins and excellent acidity."	Kite's Rest	93	50	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Black Kite 2014 Kite's Rest Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Black Kite
US	"This light-bodied wine is unfussy in its approach, with svelte notions of roses and lavender. Earthy black tea and cherry commingle nicely as the texture remains smoothly approachable."	Estate Grown Grace Benoit Ranch	88	45	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Etude 2014 Estate Grown Grace Benoit Ranch Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Etude
Argentina	"Grassy strawberry and raspberry aromas smell false as well as floral. A blocky palate with jammy stickiness and rubbery tannins carries medicinal, resiny, candied berry flavors, with green overtones. This feels raw on the finish while tasting green and jammy."	Reserve	82	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Region 1 2013 Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Region 1
US	"Not showing well, with a heavy fullness of jammy berry-cherry fruit and strong tannins. Sweet oak sticks out like a sore thumb. Its future is hard to predict. Most wines that age gracefully start out impressive. This one just tastes overwrought. The score reflects crossed fingers for improvement."		87	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Penché 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Penché
US	"This wine lives up to its name with generous aromas of lychee, jasmine, apricot, and honeysuckle. It drinks off dry, with mouthful of stone-fruit flavors that are easygoing and immensely enjoyable."	Aromatic Blend	88	12	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Eufloria NV Aromatic Blend White (Washington)	White Blend	Eufloria
US	"Yes, even for a California Pinot, this is a big, strong, full-bodied wine. Southing always is. It could almost morph into a Cabernet Sauvignon. But who cares? It's compellingly delicious, and isn't that what wine is all about? Flavorwise, it tastes of cherries, oranges, red currants, violets, raspberries, cedar and peppery spices, with 65% new oak. The tannins will help carry it across the finish line by 2012 or so."	Southing	94	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Sea Smoke 2006 Southing Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Sea Smoke
US	"High in acidity and upfront in pineapple, lemon, lime, green mint tea, vanilla and white pepper flavors, this Sauvignon Blanc has a sweet-and-sour taste. Made without oak, it's brilliantly clean and savory, but just a little too sweet."		86	13	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Steelhead Vineyards 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Steelhead Vineyards
US	"The wine from this vineyard has a lightly smoky scent, more of the characteristic tobacco aromas, and a flavorful fruit mix of mulberry, blueberry and blackberry. It's spicy and chunky and generous, ready for near-term drinking."	Palmer Creek Vineyard	92	65	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Penner-Ash 2014 Palmer Creek Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Penner-Ash
US	"This 100% Syrah is drinking so lush and opulent now, it's hard to see it developing any further. The fruit is from Coombsville vineyards, and the wine shows a brisk tannin-acid structure framing ripe flavors of cherries, currants, mocha and sweet new oak. Drink now–2016."		89	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Mi Sueño 2008 Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Mi Sueño
US	A hint of maple syrup in the aromas and flavors gives this medium-bodied red a touch of sweetness. Oak flavors dominate the modest fruit on the palate.		85	15	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Jack's House 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jack's House
Chile	"Pickled, briny aromas lead to a palate defined only by pithy citrus fruit. This tastes mostly of bitter citrus, while the finish brings herbacious tones."	Fina Reserva Ensamblaje Sauvignon Blanc-Chardonnay-Viognier	81	19	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Estampa 2014 Fina Reserva Ensamblaje Sauvignon Blanc-Chardonnay-Viognier White (Colchagua Valley)	White Blend	Estampa
France	"Still firm with tannins, this is also a rich, generous wine. It has mint aromas that follow through on to the palate with wood-aging flavors. Bold blackberry fruit and juicy acidity balance the structure and give the wine a ripe character. The wine will be ready to drink from 2018."		91	30	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bel-Air Ortet 2012  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Bel-Air Ortet
Australia	"The De Bortoli family does a solid job with Chardonnay—even this entry-level wine shows some complexity and finesse. Hints of smoke and graphite frame bright pineapple and lime flavors, delivered without excessive weight or richness."	DB Family Selection	85	9	Australia Other	Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	De Bortoli 2013 DB Family Selection Chardonnay (Australia)	Chardonnay	De Bortoli
US	"Well made in a light, easy style, this wine has classic aromas like dried cherry and cinnamon, and dry, appetizing flavors like sour cherry and rhubarb. It will make a great house wine at this reasonable price."		87	15	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Murphy-Goode 2014 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Murphy-Goode
France	"This wine's dried spices, dusty earth and bright cherries exemplify some of the southern Rhône wines' most charming attributes. It's medium-bodied, with supple tannins and a lingering finish. Drink now–2015; it doesn't look to have the structure for aging."		90	38	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine du Vieux Lazaret 2008 Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine du Vieux Lazaret
US	"This Syrah-Zin blend is forward in jammy raspberry, cherry, herb tea and spice flavors. It's simple, but crisp acidity gives it a firm, clean finish."	Le Pique-Nique	84	14	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Wellington 2007 Le Pique-Nique Rosé (Sonoma Valley)	Rosé	Wellington
US	"This wine seems slightly past peak with aromas of overripe apple, lees and pear. It's lightly sweet with the concentration not seeming all there."	Wine O' Clock	85	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Bunnell 2012 Wine O' Clock Pinot Gris (Columbia Valley (WA))	Pinot Gris	Bunnell
US	"This hits 15.5% alcohol—amazingly high for a Columbia wine. The tart red fruit is offset with sweet grain and dried herbs, almost like an old vine Zin from northern California. Somehow the herbs overmatch the berry flavors, which seem a bit on the light side, despite the high alcohol. Young vines?"		84	28	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Winery 2005 Zinfandel (Horse Heaven Hills)	Zinfandel	Columbia Winery
US	"The blend is Zinfandel, Petite Sirah, Grenache and Syrah. The wine is dry, hot in alcohol and overripe, with raisin, prune and chocolate flavors."	Oblate	84	42	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Guyomar 2010 Oblate Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Guyomar
Germany	"Unlike many of the kabinetts from 2006, this is a true kabinett-style wine, with modest levels of alcohol and sugar balanced by crisp acids. Mineral-diesel notes accent apple and mint flavors, and there's a hint of honey as well. Finishes fresh, if just a bit short."	Piesporter Goldtröpfchen Kabinett	86	19	Mosel-Saar-Ruwer			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	St. Urbans-Hof 2006 Piesporter Goldtröpfchen Kabinett Riesling (Mosel-Saar-Ruwer)	Riesling	St. Urbans-Hof
US	"The winery notes that these vines were planted in 1983, and the wine offers generous dry extract along with dried apple fruit. It's lightly tawny in color, with sappy acids. Best to drink up in 2017."	Dry	87	16	Oregon	Elkton Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bradley 2015 Dry Riesling (Elkton Oregon)	Riesling	Bradley
Spain	"Dense, fruity and rock-solid as Ribera goes, this has aromas of cassis and blackberry that are full and lusty. The palate is thick and saturated, with rich black-fruit flavors, finishing long  and potent. Drink now–2017."	Tinto Pesquera	91	36	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Alejandro Fernandez 2009 Tinto Pesquera  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Alejandro Fernandez
Spain	"Fresh plum and berry aromas are cut from a common mold. This is a good but typical juicy Rioja with clean fruit, crisp acidity and nice cherry and raspberry flavors. A touch of bitterness comes up at the tail end of the finish."		87	11	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Monte Clavijo 2012  Rioja	Tempranillo	Monte Clavijo
US	"Integrated acidity and ripeness allow for a Good & Plenty licorice-like note, accenting the fresh apricot and white peach flavors in this lovely, easygoing sipper."		90	17	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sivas-Sonoma 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sivas-Sonoma
Argentina	"Hot and fiery at first, but then it tames itself while revealing jammy blackberry and roasted plum aromas. Feels extracted and full, with a mix of baked berry, herb and peppery flavors that run deep and delicious. Spicy and chocolaty on the oaky finish, with smooth tannins, sweetness and oaky length. Drink now through 2014."	Cobos Marchiori Vineyard	92	175	Mendoza Province	Perdriel		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Cobos 2009 Cobos Marchiori Vineyard Malbec (Perdriel)	Malbec	Viña Cobos
France	"With a higher proportion of Merlot (92%) than usual, this is a round, ripe wine released at just 20% of normal production. The generous texture and tannins are well integrated into the rich fruit. It's juicy, broad and showing the typical acidity of the vintage. With its tannic structure, the wine will age well. Drink from 2020."		94	109	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vieux Château Certan 2013  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Vieux Château Certan
Italy	"A well-priced wine packed tight in oak-aged aromas of ripe fruit and spice. There's a warm, jammy feel and the mouthfeel is soft and easy."		86	12	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Colosi 2008 Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Colosi
France	"At the southern end of Nuits Saint-Georges, this vineyard produces a ripe and full style of wine. This wine has those characters along with the tannins and the acidity of the vintage to produced a juicy wine that will age well. The aftertaste keeps that crunchy, crisp character. Drink it from 2019."	Les Porêts Premier Cru	91	80	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Chevillon-Chezeaux 2014 Les Porêts Premier Cru  (Nuits-St.-Georges)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Chevillon-Chezeaux
US	"Whiffs of sweet curry spice and fennel are enticing on the nose of this earthy, rather savory Riesling from Rock Stream. Lean in profile and vibrantly acidic with a squeaky, lemony sheen, it's the perfect pairing for subtly spiced South Indian cuisine."		85	15	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Rock Stream 2009 Riesling (Seneca Lake)	Riesling	Rock Stream
US	"Despite its Washington-designated label, this blend of 45% Grenache, 40% Syrah and 15% Mourvèdre all comes from Lonesome Springs Vineyard in the Yakima Valley. The aromas of coffee, cherry, red apple and peppery spices are generous, while the palate is full and creamy in feel, with the texture providing much of the appeal."	Damnation Lonesome Springs Vineyard	89	35	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	DaMa 2011 Damnation Lonesome Springs Vineyard Red (Washington)	Rhône-style Red Blend	DaMa
US	"Balsamic aromas and strong pruney flavors combine for a heavy-handed taste in this full-bodied wine. It seems to be well-aged already, so drink it soon if you like this style."	England-Shaw Vienyard	83	24	California	Solano County	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Pat Paulsen Vineyards 2013 England-Shaw Vienyard Syrah (Solano County)	Syrah	Pat Paulsen Vineyards
Italy	"Malbech Gli Aceri is a smooth and refined wine with elegant consistency and vibrant aromas of cherry, pomegranate and small berry fruit. It makes a light but fresh impression in the mouth and leaves long- lasting mineral tones. The winery is located where the Veneto and Friuli meet in northern Italy."	Malbech Gli Aceri	89	30	Northeastern Italy	Delle Venezie				Paladin 2004 Malbech Gli Aceri Malbec (Delle Venezie)	Malbec	Paladin
US	"Rose petal notes perfume this intensely aromatic rosé, accenting concentrated sour cherry and raspberry flavors. A robust blend of Merlot and Cabernet Franc, it's dry in style but rich and ripe with fruit flavors. A hint of chalk and salinity mark the elegant finish."		89	16	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Shinn Estate 2013 Rosé (North Fork of Long Island)	Rosé	Shinn Estate
Italy	"You'll find aromas of tilled soil, leather and black-skinned berry on this forward red. The chewy accessible palate offers blackberry jam, star anise and a touch of vanilla alongside ripe, round tannins. Drink through 2020."	Riserva	88	52	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Collina dei Lecci 2011 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	La Collina dei Lecci
France	"This plump, medium-bodied rosé offers hints of peach and melon fruit, then finishes long and citrusy. It's very pale salmon in color, with an attractive coppery tint."	Les Cimels	87	15	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château d'Or et de Gueules 2013 Les Cimels Rosé (Costières de Nîmes)	Rosé	Château d'Or et de Gueules
New Zealand	"Seresin's 2009 Leah is already mature. An evolved, earthy aroma of fresh compost adds a layer of interest to the pretty cherry fruit. As the name suggests,  this is a delicate, feminine style, with silky tannins and restrained weight. Drink now."	Leah	88	32	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Seresin 2009 Leah Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Seresin
Italy	"This is an elegant and streamlined Cabernet Sauvignon, with dark chocolate, rosemary, black fruit and spice. It has a thick structure, with lovely intensity and length."	Lafòa	94	92	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Colterenzio 2007 Lafòa Cabernet Sauvignon (Alto Adige)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Colterenzio
Chile	"Medicinal cherry and red-plum aromas come with a whiff of latex. This feels plump, chunky and grabby. Medicinal candied-berry flavors end with racy acidity. This seems like a full step down from the 2014 version."	Coastal Cool Climate Wine Single Vineyard	85	21	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lomas del Valle 2015 Coastal Cool Climate Wine Single Vineyard Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lomas del Valle
US	"Steely yet somewhat sweet, it offers a richness of baked apple and pear amid midweight layers of softened tannins."		86	24	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Girard 2012 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Girard
US	"Ripe in green apple, banana and pineapple, this is a heavily barrel-influenced wine, intense in petroleum and toasty vanilla. Save this for buttery lobster or risotto dishes."		84	16	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Michael David 2012 Chardonnay (Lodi)	Chardonnay	Michael David
Germany	"Savory wisps of smoke and dusty minerals juxtapose exuberantly juicy, sweet yellow peach and nectarine flavors in this crystalline kabinett. Just off-dry on the palate, its refreshing, high-spirited style makes it an excellent apéritif."	Trittenheimer Apotheke Kabinett	89	18	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bollig-Lehnert 2014 Trittenheimer Apotheke Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Bollig-Lehnert
US	"The oak (70% new puncheons) is primary at present on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Petit Verdot. Aromas of vanilla, café au lait and woodspice are out in front of cherry and herbs. The palate shows nuance, detail and length. It needs time in the cellar to come together. Best after 2020."	In Order to Form a More Perfect Union	92	95	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Rasa 2012 In Order to Form a More Perfect Union Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Rasa
France	"Still in its infancy, this should be cellared for at least another few years to fully integrate and better express the nuances of spice root, black tea and cocoa nib. The black cherry and plum flavors are plentiful and vibrant, and the gripping tannins linger long into the close."	Rimage	89	27	Languedoc-Roussillon	Banyuls		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	M. Chapoutier 2009 Rimage  (Banyuls)	Rhône-style Red Blend	M. Chapoutier
US	"Barrel aromas and malolactic notes are prominent in this wine, suggesting baking spice and vanilla. The palate is full and creamy, needing a bit more acidity to hold it together but still providing enjoyment."		87	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	4 Cellars 2015 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	4 Cellars
US	"From Jack's Vineyard (formerly Lefore), this was planted in 1997, with cuttings from Leonetti. It has some of the leafy, crunchy character of Brunello, along with high acidity and a pretty mix of strawberry and red plum flavors."	Guido	91	45	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	K Vintners 2010 Guido Sangiovese (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	K Vintners
US	"This has a classic, lighter red color and equally classic aromas of red cherry, sour cherry, black tea, lightly toasted oak and a touch of forest floor. Generous cherry and plum flavors are perfectly balanced with crisp acidity and fine-grained tannins. It's not a big wine, but a vivid, polished and memorable one."	Monument Tree	93	48	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Couloir 2013 Monument Tree Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Couloir
US	"Slightly reduced and showing plenty of barrel imprint, this vineyard designate is bold and grippy, its soft entry marked by clove spice and cigar. The fruit is a combination of plum and dark cherry, subtly wrapped in vanilla toast."	Yoeman Vineyard	91	75	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Goldschmidt 2013 Yoeman Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Goldschmidt
US	"Late-picked, 100% Cabernet fruit from an iconic Red Mountain vineyard; hence the name, which translates as “the beast”. It's jammy and ripe, but the tannins have been tamed, and the fruit is front and center, along with brown spices and toasty barrel notes. This is a thoroughly delicious wine that seems to be drinking in its prime, though it shows no sign of tiring."	La Bestia Klipsun Vineyard	92	49	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lachini 2006 La Bestia Klipsun Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lachini
France	"This is a lively, ripe, fruity wine that has both richness and freshness in equal measure. The wine is warm, but with delicate fruitiness from crisp red fruit. Drink this wine soon."		88	18	Provence	Les Baux de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mas de Gourgonnier 2012 Rosé (Les Baux de Provence)	Rosé	Mas de Gourgonnier
US	"This seems sweet in jammy pineapple and lemon fruit. It's an easy wine, balanced by crisp acidity and a clean finish."		83	16	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Emmolo 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Emmolo
Italy	"This opens with subdued aromas suggesting sour berry, clove and a touch of leather. The accessible, straightforward palate offers morello cherry and a hint of star anise alongside polished tannins. Drink through 2019."	Signature Series	88	25	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Kirkland Signature 2011 Signature Series  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Kirkland Signature
France	"This dry white wine, made from red Malbec grapes is intensely aromatic with quince, almond and lychee notes. It's a fascinating combination that has produced a rare style of wine. Although it is dry, its perfumed character brings out ripeness on the palate."	Blanc de Noir	90	16	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Gaudou 2012 Blanc de Noir Malbec (Vin de France)	Malbec	Château de Gaudou
Spain	"Smooth berry aromas have a vanilla leaning due to ample oak. The mouthfeel is fresh and a touch clipped and choppy, while flavors of vanilla and wood accent traditional red-berry and plum flavors. On the finish, vanilla and cocoa flavors create a good ending. Drink now."	Reserva	89	25	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Cáceres 2008 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Marqués de Cáceres
US	"Made in a more full-bodied style than many other Russian River Pinots, this one's a little heavy and soft. But it is delicious, offering tiers of raspberries, cherries, cola, licorice, brown sugar and toasty oak. Drink now."	Bluffs	88	23	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Pali 2012 Bluffs Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Pali
Chile	"Prickly aromas of nettle and minerally lime are reflections of the coastal climate that influences this citrusy SB. Flavors of orange peel, white grapefruit and passion fruit turn more pithy and pyrazinic on the finish, which keeps its juicy ripeness without turning green."	Max Reserva	89	20	Aconcagua Costa			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2013 Max Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Aconcagua Costa)	Sauvignon Blanc	Errazuriz
US	"This wine features noticeable nuttiness—part almond, part hazelnut—before allowing tart citrus and underripe peach to pronounce themselves. A robust wine, it has plenty to say in terms of a lush yet balanced mouthfeel and texture."		87	30	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Uptick Vineyards 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Uptick Vineyards
US	"From what's becoming one of the most heralded vineyards in the region, this bottling shows wet cement, baked plums, blackberry, thyme and black sage on the nose. Boysenberry fruit comes first on the sip, followed by tart orange peel, a touch of green olive and more fresh thyme flavors."	Lester Family Vineyard Partners' Reserve	92	39	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Soquel Vineyards 2013 Lester Family Vineyard Partners' Reserve Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Soquel Vineyards
South Africa	"This Bordeaux-style blend is oaky at first, with aromas of vanilla, caramel and mocha that slowly mellow and marry with the berry compote, fig and black plum core. The lush, mouthfilling palate has a texture like crushed velvet: rich, seductive and fruity, but with some tannic edge. Nuances of mocha and anise grace the long finish. Drink now–2018."	Signature	91	95	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Ernie Els 2009 Signature Red (Stellenbosch)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Ernie Els
US	"Young and fragmented, this displays zigzag streaks of acid, purple plum, sour raspberry, citrus and wet rock. Time may well pull it together: at the moment it's a potpourri of not quite pulled together components."	Mariafeld Clone Johan Vineyard	88	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Minimus 2015 Mariafeld Clone Johan Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Minimus
Italy	"Barolo Prapó is a chewy, fruit-driven wine with a broad array of aromas that include black cherry, chocolate powder, creamy vanilla and exotic spice. Cinnamon, clove and ginger all appear in the mouth and are powered by the wine's thick texture and deep concentration. Let it age two or three more years and pair it with roast lamb or pork."	Bricco Rocche Prapó	92	80	Piedmont	Barolo				Ceretto 2004 Bricco Rocche Prapó  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ceretto
Italy	"This is a Negroamaro-based wine (with 10% Malvasia Nera) that boasts pretty layers of cinnamon spice and clove over a solid base of chewy, mature fruit. It has an easy, no-fuss personality and would pair well with pizza or pasta."	Riserva Vereto	86	14	Southern Italy	Salice Salentino				Agricole Vallone 2005 Riserva Vereto Red (Salice Salentino)	Red Blend	Agricole Vallone
US	"Still quite young, but showing real depth and layering, the McCrone vineyard designate offers pomegranate and raspberry fruit, dusted with baking spices, and finished with a tasty vein of mocha. This is a wine to enjoy in the full bloom of its youth."	McCrone Vineyard	92	50	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2008 McCrone Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
US	Very light strawberry fruit competes with a powerful flavor of damp earth. The wine seems thin and on the green side.	Isaac's Reserve	83	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abiqua Wind 2010 Isaac's Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Abiqua Wind
US	"A really good, complex Chard, at the forefront of this varietal's development in California. Combines ripe flavors of sweet, spicy tropical fruits with cool-climate acidity and structure to produce an addictively drinkable, delicious wine. The oak is thickly applied, but perfectly in balance. A desert island wine: If you could bring only one with you..."	Sleepy Hollow Vineyard	92	25	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Cinnabar 2000 Sleepy Hollow Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Cinnabar
New Zealand	"Big and powerful without going completely over the edge, the 2008 Kiwa is a dark-fruited wine with hints of dried fruit and Christmas spices. It's full bodied, rich and almost chewy in texture, yet finishes fresh and long."	Kiwa	89	55	Martinborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Escarpment 2008 Kiwa Pinot Noir (Martinborough)	Pinot Noir	Escarpment
Portugal	"Firm tannins give this wine great structure. In a good sense, it has an old-fashioned leathery feel to it, very firm, dry, the fruit showing richness while already pointing towards maturity."	Casa de Santar Reserva	91	35	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dão Sul 2007 Casa de Santar Reserva Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Dão Sul
Italy	"The aromas are awkward, with notes of clove, green stock, bramble, linseed oil, Sambuca and spice that come from every direction. The wine is firm in the mouth with solid tannins and herbal notes on the close."	Vallocaia	83	25	Tuscany	Toscana				Bindella 2003 Vallocaia Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Bindella
US	"This attractive wine opens with a nicely nuanced bouquet of berry, spice and earth accented by positive gamy and slightly barnyardy notes. The textured palate offers attractive dark fruit and a touch of tar and licorice. Ends with an even, dry, long finish of pepper, earth and leather."	Wirth Ranch Vineyard	87	30	California	Solano County	North Coast			Per Sempre 1998 Wirth Ranch Vineyard Zinfandel (Solano County)	Zinfandel	Per Sempre
Spain	"Flat, gritty aromas are a tad volatile. This nonvintage red feels oaky and raw, with prodding acidity. A rough mix of scouring red-berry fruit, briny notes and oak make for a marginal flavor profile, while the finish tastes briny and pickled."	Gabarda	83	15	Northern Spain	Cariñena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ignacio Marín NV Gabarda Red (Cariñena)	Red Blend	Ignacio Marín
Italy	"Toasted hazelnut, golden apple and citrus scents lift out of the glass. The linear, elegant palate delivers ripe pear, lemon zest, bread crust and mineral alongside a refined perlage. It finishes crisp and dry."	Casa delle Colonne Zero Riserva	92	80	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fratelli Berlucchi 2009 Casa delle Colonne Zero Riserva Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Fratelli Berlucchi
Italy	"This is a Negroamaro-based wine (with 10% Malvasia Nera) that boasts pretty layers of cinnamon spice and clove over a solid base of chewy, mature fruit. It has an easy, no-fuss personality and would pair well with pizza or pasta."	Riserva Vereto	86	14	Southern Italy	Salice Salentino				Agricole Vallone 2005 Riserva Vereto Red (Salice Salentino)	Red Blend	Agricole Vallone
France	"This pale orange-pink colored wine offers ripe fruits, spice and a tangy orange and pepper character. The Grenache, Cinsault and Rolle blend is full-bodied and rounded, offering a good opportunity to be paired with food."	Cuvée Tradition	87	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Puget 2014 Cuvée Tradition Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château du Puget
France	"Produced from Gamay in a small enclave of vines south of Sancerre, this is a cherry-blossom-perfumed wine, bright and crisp with red-cherry flavors. It is ready now."	Les Amphores	86	20	Loire Valley	Châteaumeillant		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2016 Les Amphores Rosé (Châteaumeillant)	Rosé	Henri Bourgeois
US	"Made in an exceptionally ripe and strongly oaky way, this wine is rather heavy right now. The Cabernet was blended with some Syrah and Petit Verdot grown in a Calistoga vineyard. There's no questioning the richness, but it's so ripe that the blackberries veer into dark chocolate and prunes. See what it does over the next eight years."		91	95	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Coup de Foudre 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Coup de Foudre
US	"A very nice wine for the price. It's bone dry and high in acidity, with a crisp tartness that's just what you want in Sauvignon Blanc. The flavors are pleasant, of oranges, citrons, limes and green apples."		87	15	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Windsor Sonoma 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Windsor Sonoma
US	"This blend of 95% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Negrette shows treacly candied cherry and crème de cassis as well as a composting purple-flower element on the nose. Thick kirsch and blackcurrant flavors are present on the boozy palate, which would pair with a cigar easily."	Kekoa Metodo Potugues	85	26	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Four Sisters Ranch 2013 Kekoa Metodo Potugues Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Four Sisters Ranch
Brazil	"Stony polished white-fruit aromas are lean and clean. This brut nature shows modest heft as it expands on the palate, but mostly this is racy and fit. Yeasty flavors of white pepper and lime finish with a leesy note and stoniness."	Brut Nature	89	36	Pinto Bandeira			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cave Geisse 2013 Brut Nature Sparkling (Pinto Bandeira)	Sparkling Blend	Cave Geisse
Portugal	"A fruity and aromatic wine that is a blend of Syrah and Castelão. It has bright red fruits and a soft, ripe character. Berries and acidity complement the round finish."	Samora	84	13	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2012 Samora Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Wines & Winemakers
US	"Barrel aromas are out front on this 100% varietal wine, with notes of wood spice, vanilla, pencil lead and baking spice followed by dark plum. The flavors are dense, dark and palate coating. The wood shows quite prominently on the palate as well but if you can get beyond it, there are good things happening."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	89	50	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Fidelitas 2014 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Merlot (Red Mountain)	Merlot	Fidelitas
Spain	"Ripe, slightly raisiny berry aromas come with a floral hint and a welcome note of brown sugar. This feels bold and healthy, while plum, cassis, raisin and fig flavors are spicy and finish with a sense of completeness. Drink through 2018."	Reserva	89	25	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Valdemar 2008 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Valdemar
US	"A zesty, stainless-steel and neutral oak-fermented white, this lovely wine expresses grapefruit peel and mango, along with a flash of melon. Zesty on the finish, it provides a well-hewn balance between fruit and acidity, with plenty of body."		89	20	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Schug 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma Coast)	Sauvignon Blanc	Schug
France	"The Vignobles Bourdillas brothers' wine is fruity with black currant fruits and bright acidity. Fresh with a crisp texture and light tannins, it will be ready to drink by 2017."		87	20	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Jussas 2014  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Jussas
US	"There's something rustic about this Cab. Partly it's the tannins, which are fierce. Partly it's the alcohol, which sticks out and gives the wine a burn. Yet it's extraordinarily ripe and opulent in black currants, with the liqueur headiness of crème de cassis. The hot alcohol suggests it will not age."		86	125	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Juslyn Vineyards 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Spring Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Juslyn Vineyards
US	"This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc and Mourvèdre offers aromas of toast, coffee, bittersweet chocolate, cherry and black pepper. The fruit flavors are lighter in style, with chewy tannins and mouthwatering acids."	Purple Haze	89	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Darby 2013 Purple Haze Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Darby
US	"This combines all five predominant red Bordeaux varieties, with Cabernet Sauvignon dominant at 41% Cabernet Sauvignon. It opens in a juicy core of black raspberry and cherry, vibrant in lively acidity. Integrated oak and tannin make it feel richer and fuller than it is, which is elegant and food-friendly."	Rockpile Ridge	90	65	California	Rockpile	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Davis Family 2014 Rockpile Ridge Red (Rockpile)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Davis Family
Germany	"Subtle notes of crushed mineral and lime on the nose contrast the lush tangerine and orange flavors in this off-dry, concentrated wine. It's harmoniously sweet, balanced neatly by strikes of steel and acid that tighten the finish. Drink now through 2019."	Essence	89	13	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		S.A. Prüm 2015 Essence Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	S.A. Prüm
Romania	"Aromas of banana, mango, and pineapple open to flavors of tropical fruit salad, mango and banana and a soft finish."	Dreamfish	86	7	Romania			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Cramele Recas 2015 Dreamfish Sauvignon Blanc (Romania)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cramele Recas
France	"This is a ripe style of Sauvignon Blanc wine. It has hints of Mediterranean tropical fruits as well as the more familiar cool climate herbal flavors. It is young, probably too young to drink now, so wait until early 2017."		86	13	Southwest France	Côtes du Tarn		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine D'en Ségur 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Côtes du Tarn)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine D'en Ségur
France	"A fine value in Northern Rhône Syrah, the Tain cooperative's 2009 Crozes-Hermitage is fairly extracted for a Crozes, with plummy, dark fruit alongside hints of clove, leather and coffee. Turns a bit astringent on the finish; try 2013–2018."		89	20	Rhône Valley	Crozes-Hermitage		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cave de Tain 2009  Crozes-Hermitage	Syrah	Cave de Tain
US	"Warm notes of toasted brioche and smoked nuts accent high-toned lemon and apple tones in this brisk, boldly petillant blanc de blancs. The palate is bright with lemony acidity, and sweet biscuit notes by linger on the finish."	Blanc de Blancs	89	42	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Sparkling Pointe 2007 Blanc de Blancs Chardonnay (North Fork of Long Island)	Chardonnay	Sparkling Pointe
Argentina	"A simple but reasonably good white wine. Applesauce and citrus aromas are fruity and clean, while the mango-orange palate is tasty, a little sweet and citric. Pithy on the finish but mellow overall."	Saurus Patagonia	85	12	Other	Neuquén		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Familia Schroeder 2008 Saurus Patagonia Sauvignon Blanc (Neuquén)	Sauvignon Blanc	Familia Schroeder
US	"From one of the most coveted vineyards in the Central Coast, this is a well-balanced whopper of a wine, starting on aromas of fresh raspberry, black plum, forest floor, violets and dark chocolate. The palate is rich upfront, showing strawberry and other dark berries, and then gains complexity in notes of sandalwood and myrrh. Thanks to deep acidity and tannic framing, the wine is simultaneously bold and balanced."	Pisoni VIneyard	96	65	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Siduri 2015 Pisoni VIneyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
Argentina	"Tarry aromas of blackberry and freshly applied asphalt set up a full-bodied palate with sandpaper tannins. Blackberry and toast flavors taste a little burnt, while an oak-based blackened element is present on a stout finish. Drink this blocky and lusty Malbec through 2023."	Grande Reserve	92	25	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaine Bousquet 2015 Grande Reserve Malbec (Tupungato)	Malbec	Domaine Bousquet
US	"A great success, especially given the difficulties of the vintage. With a modest alcohol reading of 13.8% by volume, it's exuberantly ripe in cherries and umami-filled red currants, with oak adding just the right notes of toast. Delicious now, but this is a Pinot that wants some age. Even better after 2017."	Block 43 Bien Nacido Vineyard	93	58	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Foxen 2011 Block 43 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
US	"This vineyard designate from Yountville is packed with compact tannin and rich oak yet nicely balanced by crisp ranberry, cherry and clove flavors. Light black-pepper notes add seasoning."	Mast Ranch	90	80	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Laird 2013 Mast Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Laird
US	"Just under five years in age, this wine's Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant profile shows through its full-bodied mouthfeel, dense tannins and cassis flavor. It's a big, new-oaky wine that's forward with concentrated fruit through the finish. A bit of a show-off now, it should benefit from 5–6 years in the cellar."	Cuvée St. E	89	50	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			J. Lohr 2008 Cuvée St. E Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	J. Lohr
Italy	"Oak, coconut, toasted nut, porcini mushroom, steeped prune and dried sage aromas lead the nose on this robust wine. The warm, one-dimensional palate offers dried berry, raisin, vanilla, anise, oak-driven spice and mocha framed in velvety tannins. The heat of alcohol marks the close."		87	55	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ferrero 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Ferrero
US	"Part of Snoqualmie's new Eco series of organic wines, this young Cabernet Sauvignon includes 25% Merlot in the blend. The aromas are an unusual mix of flower and grain; tart, earthy rhubarb flavors follow. The wine finishes on a somewhat sour note."		85	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Snoqualmie 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Snoqualmie
US	"Wisps of apricot perfume seem to concentrate on the palate of this spry semi-dry Riesling, melding into riper, summery tones of peach and nectarine. It's a sunny, approachable fruity wine that finishes on an invigorating lemon-lime note."	Semi-Dry	88	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Damiani 2014 Semi-Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Damiani
US	"Aged in 45% new French oak, aromas of cocoa, vanilla and barrel spice are at the fore followed by full-bodied but still tart raspberry and cranberry flavors. It brings a bit of heat along with it."	Elephant Mountain Vineyards	87	34	Washington	Rattlesnake Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Maryhill 2014 Elephant Mountain Vineyards Sangiovese (Rattlesnake Hills)	Sangiovese	Maryhill
France	"From a small family estate named for the fireflies that live around the vineyard, this is crisp, with enough fruitiness to balance the acidity. It's light, refreshing and ready for warm-weather enjoyment."	Domaine des Bellugues	84	8	France Other	Mediterranée		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Ravoire et Fils 2016 Domaine des Bellugues Rosé (Mediterranée)	Rosé	Ravoire et Fils
Italy	"Aromas of red currant, cedar, bell pepper, coffee and cut grass lead the nose on this structured red. The palate delivers dried black cherry, cassis, cocoa, licorice and black pepper alongside grippy tannins."	Aulus	89	24	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria San Felo 2010 Aulus Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fattoria San Felo
Spain	"The nectarine and mild vanilla aromas are subdued yet solid. On the palate, it's all about stone fruit flavors, such as peach and nectarine, with apple and cider notes on the balanced and healthy finish."	Brut Reserva	87	15	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mont Marçal 2008 Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Mont Marçal
US	"Rich in cherry and raspberry pie filling flavors, with red currant, cola and exotic pomegranate notes and a super-spicy finish. Bone dry, this Pinot shows the classy elegance of its vineyard source. On the downside is very tart acidity, as if the wine contained a big squirt of lime juice. Hard to tell where it's going, if anywhere, but nice after decanting with a grilled steak."	Sanford & Benedict	91	54	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Roessler 2008 Sanford & Benedict Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Roessler
US	"With moderate alcohol, brisk acidity and sturdy tannins, this blend of undisclosed varieties brings to mind something from the south of France. It has herb, blackberry and currant flavors that smack of the summer sun."	Ever After	88	25	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Storyteller 2011 Ever After Red (Sonoma County)	Red Blend	Storyteller
US	"Made with 24% Petite Sirah, this dusty, bold and highly structured wine from an historic vineyard site is intensely concentrated and extracted, exuding rich red berry. Cinnamon and black pepper dot the lengthy finish."	Barricia Vineyard	88	37	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ravenswood 2013 Barricia Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Ravenswood
Chile	"Bold, dark and rubbery on the nose, with a hint of citrus to go with black cherry. This is full, thorough and upstanding on the palate, with black fruit, licorice and cocoa flavors. Comes across sweet and rich but balanced, with a layered, long finish."	Corralillo	89	28	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matetic 2009 Corralillo Pinot Noir (San Antonio)	Pinot Noir	Matetic
US	"A field blend of several varieties, all organically farmed, this has a pruney aroma and flavors that lean rustic and raw, with a heaviness of weight."	Tinto St. Helena	82	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Casa Nuestra 2012 Tinto St. Helena Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Casa Nuestra
US	"This is one of the bigger Syrahs out there, generously proportioned and calling out for equally rich fare. Try beef short ribs or coq au vin, using the same wine for the dish. It's tannic and enormous, with flavors of ripe black cherry and teriyaki sauce."	Black Bart Stagecoach Vineyard	90	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Krupp Brothers 2008 Black Bart Stagecoach Vineyard Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Krupp Brothers
US	"Hints of smoke and bramble linger from nose to finish, lending a savory complexity to this dry-style Riesling. It's spry and invigorating, juxtaposing tart pineapple and lemon flavors against a backdrop of pressed apple and pear. The finish extends long with an elegant mineral tinge."	Dry	88	17	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Red Newt Cellars 2014 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Red Newt Cellars
US	"With mild red fruit, baked plum accents and a lackluster structure, this wine, blended with 10% Merlot, is big and dense."		88	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	29 & Oak Wines 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	29 & Oak Wines
US	"Sourced from vines planted in the 1980s, this tart and steely wine mixes lemongrass and citrus flavors with hints of riper peach. It finishes with suggestions of fresh-brewed tea."		88	28	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hyland 2013 Riesling (McMinnville)	Riesling	Hyland
US	"Full and expansive tannins emphasize this wine's mountain origins, the “crown jewel,” as the name indicates, of the winery's portfolio. Ripe cassis and black cherry flavors are accompanied by dill, coconut and vanilla hints. This is a wine for fans of a big style."	Le Bijou Du Roi	91	120	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	En Garde 2013 Le Bijou Du Roi Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	En Garde
Germany	"Honeycomb and tangerine skins entice on the nose of this elegant dry Riesling. White-peach and grapefruit flavors are ripe and rich on the palate, lending an unctuous, almost oily, mouthfeel. Strikes of steel and acid on the finish lend finesse."	Dry	90	20	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler 2015 Dry Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler
US	"A smooth texture and ripe, inviting black cherry flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to drink and enjoy. Light spicy accents give it extra interest and moderate tannins help build the suave mouthfeel."		87	15	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Rickshaw 2014 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Rickshaw
Italy	"Aromas of perfumed wild berry, red rose petal, truffle, mint, leather and a balsamic note all waft from the glass. The polished, structured palate delivers juicy red cherry, white pepper, cinnamon-spice and savory herb alongside firm but ripe tannins. Drink through 2024."	Specola	94	89	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Luigi Oddero & Figli 2009 Specola  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Luigi Oddero & Figli
US	"The residual sugar is a hefty 54g/L. Soft flavors of canned peaches and apricots fill the mouth immediately, then turn watery as the wine quickly slides into a lighter finish."	Les Vignes De Marcoux	85	15	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	San Juan Vineyards 2012 Les Vignes De Marcoux Riesling (Yakima Valley)	Riesling	San Juan Vineyards
Italy	"Intense tutti fruity aromas recall grape-flavored chewing gum. The palate is less expressive but muddled, offering sensations of thyme and rock candy that finish abruptly."	Nausìca	84	29	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Destro 2012 Nausìca White (Terre Siciliane)	White Blend	Destro
US	"An interesting and quite good Cabernet Sauvignon for drinking now. It's soft and melted in the mouth, with rich, complex waves of blackberries, cherries, chocolate and anise, dusted with briary herbs and spices."	Altitude 2401 Fair Play Farms	87	35	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills			Perry Creek 2007 Altitude 2401 Fair Play Farms Cabernet Sauvignon (El Dorado)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Perry Creek
South Africa	"Soft peach and wild berries lead the way on the nose, while the medium weight mouth offers a bit more fleshy stone fruit and watermelon flavors. The finish is dry and accented by hints of peppery spice."	The Wolftrap	84	11	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Boekenhoutskloof 2010 The Wolftrap Rosé (Western Cape)	Rosé	Boekenhoutskloof
Germany	"This wine's unassuming nose belies the thrilling depth of juicy, sweet white peach, tangerine and quince flavors that burst on the palate. Luminous fruit and spine tingling acidity collide, hinged by a kick of phenolic bitterness that lingers on the finish."	Juffer Brauneberg Spätlese	92	24	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Willi Haag 2016 Juffer Brauneberg Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Willi Haag
Italy	"A softly polished wine that's ready to enjoy soon, this shows classic aromas of black fruit, spice, tobacco leaf and underbrush. It has a delicious black-cherry flavor, punctuated with black pepper, clove and a hint of bitter almond."	Monti Garbi	88	19	Veneto	Valpolicella Superiore Ripasso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Sant'Antonio 2011 Monti Garbi  (Valpolicella Superiore Ripasso)	Red Blend	Tenuta Sant'Antonio
France	"Based in Aix-en-Provence, this négociant company has sourced a beautiful wine from cool vineyards in the northern part of the Côtes de Provence region. The result is a lightly mineral wine with a crisp red-currant heart that is refreshing and good for an apéritif."		90	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Hecht & Bannier 2015 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Hecht & Bannier
Chile	"Briar fruit aromas show notes of moss, leather and herbs on the nose. This is solid, chewy and tannic, with blackberry flavors that are herbal along the edges and a bit green in the middle. A spicy, dark note marks the finish, with a hint of coffee."	Reserva	87	11	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2013 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Carolina
New Zealand	"Classified as medium dry on the IRF scale, this is a medium-bodied Riesling without much texture, yet classic apple and citrus aromas and flavors. A sensation of wet stone creeps in on the finish."		87	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Forrest 2010 Riesling (Marlborough)	Riesling	Forrest
US	"Chocolate and dark cherry aromas lead to ripe plum, boysenberry and blackberry flavors that are almost sweet, very rich and full bodied. The thick texture melts in your mouth, having soft tannins. This drinks almost like a Port and should be great with chocolate or cheese."	Old Vine	89	20	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Concrete 2012 Old Vine Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Concrete
US	"Fans of sharply scented Sauvignon Blancs will be happy with this bottling, which features a strong nose of green pear skin and freshly cut lawn. It is fairly flat upon sipping, though, with a bit of Granny Smith apple tang and faint lemongrass."	Mesa Verde Vineyard	85	22	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Brander 2012 Mesa Verde Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Brander
US	"Strong butterscotch aromas and rich, seemingly sweet caramel and melted-butter flavors give this full-bodied wine a syrupy character. The balance is quite soft and oaky components overwhelm the fruity ones."		86	22	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Oak Farm 2016 Chardonnay (Lodi)	Chardonnay	Oak Farm
US	"Musk melons, limes and lemons perfume this crisp, cutting Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is refreshingly citrusy, offering brisk grapefruit flavor accented by swathes of green leaf and herb. Full bodied yet spry, it's a neatly balanced wine to enjoy now through 2019."	Estate Reserve	88	35	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		One Woman 2015 Estate Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (North Fork of Long Island)	Sauvignon Blanc	One Woman
US	"This wine comes from a partnership between winemaker David Galzignato of Jada Winery in Paso Robles, and Mark McWilliams of Arista Winery in Healdsburg. A devotion to Sauvignon Blanc, it succeeds with this sophisticated expression of lemon chiffon and mandarin orange that's bright and complex. With two handfuls of Sémillon to the mix, it's medium in body and length, with just the slightest suggestion of caramel-vanilla oak."	Transitus	93	34	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mark David 2013 Transitus Sauvignon Blanc (Rutherford)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mark David
Argentina	"Salentein's wines have never been better than over the last few vintages. This Malbec-heavy blend is rich, with aromatic notes of raisin, prune, licorice and almond candy. A full, tannic and slightly bumpy palate holds impressive flavors of cassis, black plum, blackberry, toast and peppercorn. On the finish, coffee, toast, mocha, licorice and cassis flavors are deep and delicious. Drink through 2026."	Numina Spirit Vineyard Gran Corte	93	41	Mendoza Province	Valle de Uco		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salentein 2014 Numina Spirit Vineyard Gran Corte Red (Valle de Uco)	Red Blend	Salentein
US	"An obviously smoky, peppery aroma leads to equally smoky, even ashy flavors and a very tannic texture."	Instant Gratification	82	35	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Enoteca Five 2012 Instant Gratification Red (California)	Red Blend	Enoteca Five
France	"Made from 70-year-old vines planted by Christian Moreau's father, Guy, this wine shows extra concentration, certainly, but also the pure pleasure of ripe, delicious Chardonnay. It's initially tight, but the rich green fruits and toast soon come forward to give an impressively big wine, and one worth aging."	Cuvée Guy Moreau Vaillon Premier Cru	92	48	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Christian Moreau Père et Fils 2006 Cuvée Guy Moreau Vaillon Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Christian Moreau Père et Fils
US	"Tastes young and vigorous and almost rude in youth, offering strong, extracted blackberry, cherry and raspberry flavors. The tannins have sharp elbows, and the oak is entirely unintegrated. Seems altogether immature. Give it a good five years in the cellar, and try again."	Mise en Place	89	49	California	Oakville	Napa			Textbook 2007 Mise en Place Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Textbook
US	"Bold and beautiful, this powerful Zin has a deep, dark color that's practically black but with a brilliant ruby rim. Brooding aromas suggest wood smoke, black pepper and boysenberry. There is an impressive density in texture, as firm tannins and acidity support the rich array of flavors."	Rage	93	59	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Michael David 2012 Rage Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Michael David
Chile	"Rustic and medium-bodied, this Merlot has a nice spiciness that would be a big hit at a backyard barbecue. There's some char on the nose, and a spicy-marinade note on the palate. Finishes with dryish tannins and outdoorsy, tree-bark flavors."	Reserve	85	12	Maipo Valley					Casa Julia 2000 Reserve Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Casa Julia
US	"A big, chunky tannic wine, loaded with black-cherry fruit. The structure is there to age awhile, and 15 months in 50% new French oak has added notes of coffee and dark chocolate. There's a hint of tar, and overall an impression of bridled power. Drink now through 2025."	Bishop Creek	93	100	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Nicolas-Jay 2014 Bishop Creek Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Nicolas-Jay
Italy	Ketchup aromas are pungent and a bit overwhelming. It's too bad because the wine tastes good thanks to its firm structure.	Vigna di Pallino	81	10	Tuscany	Toscana				Tenuta Sette Ponti 2005 Vigna di Pallino Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Tenuta Sette Ponti
France	"The nose is tender, with primary, juicy pear fruit. The palate comes in with fruity rounded ripeness, helped along by a little residual sweetness. While the palate remains slender, the flavors are rounded and fresh, driven by friendly, appetizing pear fruit."	Cuvée Romanus	89	18	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Lucien Albrecht 2016 Cuvée Romanus Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Lucien Albrecht
France	"Named after the fortress at Blaye on the banks of the Gironde, the wine is easygoing and approachable. It has generous black-currant fruits, shot through with acidity, and is given structure by some dense tannins. Drink this wine from 2017."	La Belle Citadelle	86	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	A. de Luze et Fils 2015 La Belle Citadelle  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	A. de Luze et Fils
US	"Juicy and stemmy, this is a big, bold wine, explosive in highlights of huckleberry, dark cherry and forest floor. With firm tannins for days, it offers enviable length and spice along a smooth grippy texture and forceful complexity."	Stanly Ranch	94	62	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Saintsbury 2015 Stanly Ranch Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Saintsbury
New Zealand	"A slightly chunky Pinot Noir, with sturdy black cherry fruit, mushroomy overtones and a cedary touch. It's full-bodied and mouthfilling, just lacks an extra measure of elegance, showing off some rough edges on the finish."		86	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kim Crawford 2007 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Kim Crawford
Austria	"Fragrant citrus zest sets the tone: lemon and grapefruit govern nose and delicious, refreshing and zippy palate. Exquisite freshness and very ripe lemon make for streamlined lightness that leaves a very mineral and long impression. Riper fruit, like Mirabelle plum, hides underneath and is poised to come to the fore any moment."	Berg Reserve	92	72	Traisental			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Markus Huber 2013 Berg Reserve Riesling (Traisental)	Riesling	Markus Huber
Chile	"Dark, smoky aromas of freshly laid pavement come with leathery berry scents along with wood and eucalyptus notes. Bright to the point of being aggressive on the palate, this shows spicy, peppery flavors of red-berry fruits and oak. A woody, resiny finish is potent like the rest of this Cabernet. Drink through 2020."	Medalla Real Gran Reserva	89	20	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2010 Medalla Real Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Rita
Spain	"Hard and charred on the nose at first, this sheds its tire-like aromas for cleaner berry-fruit notes with airing. A full grabby palate is a bit rough and awkward, while roasted berry, plum and oak flavors finish minty and resiny."	Selección Familiar Crianza	88	17	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Launa 2014 Selección Familiar Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Launa
Italy	"Showing the heat of the vintage, this opens with aromas of charred earth, stewed prune, blackberry compote and grilled herb. The big, chewy palate offers dried black cherry, blackberry compote and nutmeg accompanied by velvety tannins. You'll also detect the heat of evident alcohol on the mid-palate. Give it another few years then drink sooner rather later."		89	74	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Celestino Pecci 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Celestino Pecci
US	"Suave and subtle, this medium-bodied wine will be fun to sip through an evening and see how it develops. It emphasizes moderate fruit flavors, subtle oaky spices and a lush texture that keeps the flavors lingering on the finish."		88	15	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Popcorn 2014 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Popcorn
Italy	"Ripe berry, menthol, licorice and tobacco aromas mingle with whiffs of new leather and truffle. The delicious palate shows both generous fruit and restrained elegance, doling out raspberry jam, anise, clove, vanilla and dried herb framed in firm fine-grained tannins."	Scarrone Vigna Mandorlo	94	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Giacosa Fratelli 2013 Scarrone Vigna Mandorlo  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Giacosa Fratelli
Italy	"Made predominantly with Negroamaro, this offers aromas of blackberry, smoke, tobacco leaf, game and clove. The lean, mature palate displays dried black fruit, licorice and allspice but the fruit richness has dried up, leaving an astringent finish."	Vigna Flaminio Riserva	85	20	Southern Italy	Brindisi		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Agricole Vallone 2009 Vigna Flaminio Riserva Red (Brindisi)	Red Blend	Agricole Vallone
South Africa	"A hint of buttered popcorn sits atop scents of ripe yellow apple, peach and lemon custard on the nose of this wine. Those notes continue through to the plush palate, with threads of toasted brioche and sweet spice weaving throughout. There's ample acidic cut to the mouthfeel, lending balance and freshness that lasts through the finish. Drink now–2019."	Limestone Hill	91	20	Robertson			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	De Wetshof 2016 Limestone Hill Chardonnay (Robertson)	Chardonnay	De Wetshof
France	"This is a firm style of wine, showing the mineral character of Pernand-Verglesses reds. The wine has a nervy, almost herbal profile, showing red currants and considerable acidity."		88	30	Burgundy	Pernand-Vergelesses		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Luc et Lise Pavelot 2011  Pernand-Vergelesses	Pinot Noir	Domaine Luc et Lise Pavelot
Chile	"Aromas of green apple and citrus are as classic as it gets for Chilean Sauv Blanc. This is straight forward but enjoyable, with modest minerality. Flavors of citrus and gooseberry carry over onto a refreshing finish."		87	18	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ritual 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Ritual
US	"A simple Chard, with vanilla, buttered popcorn and pineapple jam flavors."		82	13	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Castoro Cellars 2010 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Castoro Cellars
Israel	"This is a pleasingly tongue-coating wine, with flavors of cherry preserves, eucalyptus and butterscotch. A nice touch of pleasant salinity makes way for an enduring finish."		89	17	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Recanati 2012 Merlot (Galilee)	Merlot	Recanati
US	"The blend includes 2% Muscat, an experiment that may not be repeated, though it worked quite well, boosting the aromatics and adding pretty floral notes at the top. The fruit is solidly anchored in citrus, pear and peach; and the barrels add a pleasing toastiness to the finish. There's a hint of anise as well. Lovely balance and fullness throughout."		91	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Forgeron 2006 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Forgeron
Argentina	"Basic apple and citrus aromas are dusty and straightforward. This feels citrusy and fresh, with little to no oak. Flavors of nectarine, white grapefruit and orange finish firm and fresh."	Portillo Estate Bottled	85	11	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salentein 2013 Portillo Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Uco Valley)	Chardonnay	Salentein
Italy	"Made with 100% late-harvested Syrah, this opens with subdued aromas of blackberry jam, cedar, ground pepper and a smoky note. On the moderately sweet palate, nutmeg accentuates both dried prune and fig."	Kaid Vendemmia Tardiva	89	30	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Alessandro di Camporeale 2011 Kaid Vendemmia Tardiva Syrah (Sicilia)	Syrah	Alessandro di Camporeale
US	"Pretty cherry fruit, lightly candied, steals the show here. There's a dash of cinnamon and a pleasantly toasty frame around the tannins, all in proportion and delivering clean, generous flavors through the lingering finish."	Lumière	92	40	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Christopher 2013 Lumière Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	J. Christopher
US	"Cranberry and a strong herbal component contribute an earthy elegance to this 100% Cab which zigzags somewhat on the palate, becoming fuller bodied. Still, the oak and tannins are under control and the wine is approachable now."	Nirvana	88	120	California	Howell Mountain	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peace Water 2011 Nirvana Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Peace Water
Portugal	"Vines in the Douro Superior, the remote area in the eastern edges of the Douro wine region, go into this firm wine. With its dry tannins and firm structure, the wine is always going to be powerful. It has spice and rich blackberry and damson fruits. The aftertaste brings in acidity. Drink this wine now, but don't forget to let it breathe for a couple of hours."	Vinha da Urze Grande Reserva Tinto	92	34	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rui Roboredo Madeira 2010 Vinha da Urze Grande Reserva Tinto Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Rui Roboredo Madeira
US	"Extracted aromas of dried black cherries, vanilla and clove show on the nose of this bottling from west of Paso Robles. The palate packs lots of action, from root beer and cola to dark mulberry, green peppercorn, black pepper and a lingering anise finish."		88	42	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Asuncion Ridge 2013 Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Asuncion Ridge
France	"Herbal and fruity at this young stage, this wine is bright with acidity, citrus fruits and a tangy texture. It is still young and almost too crisp for its own good, although it will likely develop into an attractively fruity, ripe wine with a fine weight of flavor. Drink from 2017."	Les Hauts de Larrivet Haut-Brion	88	30	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Larrivet Haut-Brion 2014 Les Hauts de Larrivet Haut-Brion  (Pessac-Léognan)	Sauvignon Blanc	Château Larrivet Haut-Brion
US	"Not a whole lot of oomph in this dry, unidimensional Merlot. It's properly structured, with fine acids and tannins, but the cherry and currant fruit is diluted."		85	20	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Gainey 2006 Merlot (Santa Ynez Valley)	Merlot	Gainey
Chile	"Plump, easy, mostly neutral aromas of white fruits and crushed vitamin set up a drawing palate with citric acidity. Simple, ripe nectarine and citrus flavors confirm a good but largely innocuous Chardonnay."	Medalla Real	87	18	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2015 Medalla Real Chardonnay (Leyda Valley)	Chardonnay	Santa Rita
South Africa	"Immediate aromas of chalk and peach waft up from the glass, followed by flavors of green lime and asparagus in the round mouth. The finish is a little heavy, but the flavors are nice and it should be a nice companion to summery soups and grilled vegetables."		84	11	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	MAN Vintners 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	MAN Vintners
Argentina	"Dark in color and ripe from the get go, this Malbec blend smells of blackberry, graphite and licorice. Full and layered, with surprisingly good depth, this tastes of black fruits blended with tomato and plum. Spicy, dry and herbal tasting on the finish, with a hint of saltiness."	Armado Sur Malbec-Bonadra-Syrah	89	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trivento 2014 Armado Sur Malbec-Bonadra-Syrah Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Trivento
US	"Black fruit and cherry leads on this balanced red. Flavors of black pepper, black currant and plum on the palate are round but not overbearing. A good daily red to pair with pastas, stews and meat dishes."		84	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Billsboro 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Billsboro
US	"Chardonnay has not been Clos du Val's strong suit, and even though this is a reserve, it's hard to fall in love with. Dry and acidic, it lacks richness by today's standards, although you could charitably call it Chablisian. Still, it's an elegantly constructed wine with some complexity."	Reserve	87	45	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Clos du Val 2009 Reserve Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Clos du Val
Chile	"Sweet and oaky, and a little bit forced, but even so this is a natural, full-bodied Chardonnay with a chunky palate and tropical, sweet flavors. As it opens it goes more into the banana, vanilla and papaya field of play, and it finishes decidedly creamy and round. Very good stuff from Tamaya."	Winemaker's Selection Single Vineyard Quebrada Seca	88	23	Limarí Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tamaya 2009 Winemaker's Selection Single Vineyard Quebrada Seca Chardonnay (Limarí Valley)	Chardonnay	Tamaya
US	"This widely available and comparatively cheap bottling nabbed quality fruit to present aromas of black raspberry, dark cranberry, crushed graphite and chaparral. There is refreshing if slightly dried fruit on the palate, where blackberry paste is lifted by thyme, marjoram and turned-earth flavors."		88	17	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Edna Valley Vineyard 2015 Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Edna Valley Vineyard
US	"This 100% varietal wine brings lightly styled aromas of green grass, herb, snap pea and whiffs of green pepper. The palate is full bodied and textured, bringing a sense of richness but never losing its balance. It lingers on the finish."	Reserve	90	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Matthews 2016 Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Matthews
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon (45%) takes the lead on this blend, followed by Merlot (30%), Cabernet Franc (20%) and Petit Verdot. The aromas are all high toned, with notes of vanilla, herb and dark fruit. The black-fruit flavors are tightly wound, needing time in the cellar to stretch their legs. Best after 2020."	Margaret's Vineyard Estate	91	45	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	JM Cellars 2013 Margaret's Vineyard Estate Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	JM Cellars
New Zealand	"This luxury-priced wine boasts plenty of ripe fruit, yet avoids being one-dimensional. Hints of smoke and damp moss add complexity to the cherry aromas and flavors, while the silky tannins glide easily over the palate. The finish is long, while simultaneously slightly dusty and mouthwatering. Drink now–2020."	The Siren Bannockburn	92	130	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Akarua 2012 The Siren Bannockburn Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Akarua
US	"This barrel-forward wine offers aromas of caramel, vanilla, green wood and cocoa along with cherry. The milk chocolate and cherry flavors are sweet and luscious. It could use a bit more structure to hold it all together but it brings plenty of appeal."		88	36	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Terra Vina Wines 2012 Tempranillo (Columbia Valley (WA))	Tempranillo	Terra Vina Wines
Argentina	"Cherry, raspberry, herb and tomato aromas correctly announce a tightly clamped palate. Herbal plum and raspberry flavors are maintained on a tight, unbreakable finish. This is staunch and tight, with more than enough herbal character."	Grand	88	30	Mendoza Province	La Consulta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luigi Bosca 2014 Grand Pinot Noir (La Consulta)	Pinot Noir	Luigi Bosca
US	"Rapidly maturing, with some brick coloring and secondary fruit flavors of prune and raisin. Drinking nicely, and quite delicious. Along with the smooth fruit you get smoke, dust, cocoa and a hint of caramelized sugar."		90	30	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Otis Kenyon 2007 Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Otis Kenyon
US	"Marked by brisk, cutting acidity, this Chardonnay is bone dry, with a steely, stony cut of mineral that's relieved by lemon and lime flavors. It's a severe wine by itself, but it should be food friendly."	White Hill	87	38	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Liquid Farm 2010 White Hill Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Liquid Farm
Austria	"An initial hit of reduction blows off to reveal rich vanilla backed by gentle lemon purity. This clearly needs some time in bottle to find its middle but all the basics are there: freshness, clean fruit, texture and poise. Drink 2028–2025."		90	30	Leithaberg			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Gernot and Heike Heinrich 2014 Chardonnay (Leithaberg)	Chardonnay	Gernot and Heike Heinrich
US	"All stainless fermented, with the addition of 5% Viognier, this is a solid, if unspectacular effort. It shows pear and citrus and plenty of acid, with appealing freshness. Drink up over the next couple of years."		87	19	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hawkins Cellars 2015 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Hawkins Cellars
Portugal	"This is an earthy wine, showing strong tannins, minerality and a distinctly dry texture. The wine does have weight with its layered black currant fruits giving a strong sense of structure. From the granite soils of the Dão, this is a wine to age for three more years."	Colheita Seleccionada	88	16	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Moura Basto 2010 Colheita Seleccionada Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Moura Basto
Italy	"This has a spicy bouquet of black pepper, nutmeg and plum punctuated by sandalwood notes. The palate is subdued, revealing bitter cherry, vanilla and coffee flavors. The finish is short, with drying tannins."		87	25	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria del Cerro 2010  Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Fattoria del Cerro
Italy	"Straightforward and juicy, this opens with aromas of leafy underbrush, wild berry and a whiff of oak while the brisk palate delivers raspberry, white pepper and espresso. Close-grained tannins leave a somewhat astringent finish."		87	15	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Podere La Vigna 2014  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Podere La Vigna
France	"A full and rounded wine, touched by caramel as well as red plum and ripe strawberries. It is generous, with a soft, open aftertaste. There is a light texture from the acidity that creeps in at the end."	Domaine Saint-Sernin Fare Saint-Sernin	85	11	Southwest France	Côtes du Lot		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saint-Sernin 2012 Domaine Saint-Sernin Fare Saint-Sernin Rosé (Côtes du Lot)	Rosé	Château Saint-Sernin
US	"This is a strong wine, dark and oaky, with rich flavors of licorice, toffee and espresso. The fruit is washed in Bourbon barrel flavor. It's impressively rich, but a bit overpowering."	Cougar Ridge Reserve	87	36	Washington	Lake Chelan	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Wapato Point Cellars 2008 Cougar Ridge Reserve Syrah (Lake Chelan)	Syrah	Wapato Point Cellars
France	"This wine comes from the only Burgundy region to grow Sauvignon Blanc. It's soft in style, more nutty than herbal, with almond and white fruit flavors. Immediately drinkable and refreshing, it's ready to go now."		85	15	Burgundy	Saint-Bris		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Simonnet-Febvre 2015  Saint-Bris	Sauvignon Blanc	Simonnet-Febvre
US	"Year after year, Bonterra crafts splendidly pure varietal wines, from organically-grown grapes, and in large quantities that make them easy to find. The '06 Chard is delicious in pineapple, sweet Meyer lemon, tangerine, lime and caramelized vanilla oak flavors that finish clean and long. What a super value."		89	13	California	Mendocino County				Bonterra 2006 Chardonnay (Mendocino County)	Chardonnay	Bonterra
US	"A fine, bone-dry and minerally Sauvignon Blanc to enjoy with shellfish, grilled chicken or on its own as an appetizer. A touch of oak adds richness to the vibrant, acidic citrus fruit, lemongrass and green apple flavors."		90	19	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Matanzas Creek 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Matanzas Creek
US	"Dark gold in color and perfumed on the nose in a mix of apple blossom and sea spray, this wine is aged in a majority of seasoned French oak and a third stainless steel. It's soft, layered and voluptuous on the palate, despite its cool provenance and tenacious acidity."	Taylor Ridge Vineyard	88	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Boheme 2012 Taylor Ridge Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Boheme
France	"This tangy wine is crisp while also fruity. With its hints of herbal flavors along with green plum and apples, it is a juicy wine that is ready to drink now."	Antoine Simoneau Cuvée AS	86	9	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Paris-Simoneau 2016 Antoine Simoneau Cuvée AS Sauvignon Blanc (Touraine)	Sauvignon Blanc	Paris-Simoneau
Italy	"Aromas of spiced plum and exotic spice lead the nose on this robust wine. On the palate, scorching alcohol overwhelms dried black cherry and licorice, throwing the wine completely off balance. Astringent tannins and a green note of powdered sage create an extremely bitter finish."	Sor Ugo	85	35	Tuscany	Bolgheri Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Aia Vecchia 2011 Sor Ugo  (Bolgheri Superiore)	Red Blend	Aia Vecchia
Australia	"Rich and toasty in style, this has notes of ripe tropical fruits, figs, toffee and green herbs. The oak is prevalent and at times a bit too loud."	Beginning	87	25	South Australia	Adelaide Hills				The Lane 2015 Beginning Chardonnay (Adelaide Hills)	Chardonnay	The Lane
US	"A blend of fruit from three different sites, united by their green farming practices, this is clean, fruity and forward. A mouth-pleasing Pinot with generously juicy and pretty cherry flavors."	Verde Vineyards	88	30	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Panther Creek 2008 Verde Vineyards Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Panther Creek
US	"Citrus, ripe apple, guava and pineapple soda aromas show on the nose of this bottling from a winery that has explored white Alsatian grapes since the early 1980s. It tightens up considerably on the palate, where Asian pear and lemon skin flavors make for a mellow expression."		88	22	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Claiborne & Churchill 2016 Riesling (Central Coast)	Riesling	Claiborne & Churchill
Portugal	"Named after the Portuguese word for the sommelier's tastevin, the wine is rich with juicy red fruits. It has a firm structure that emphasizes the wine's youth showing that it should develop. Densely textured at the end, the wine will be ready to drink from 2017."	Scancio Reserva Touriga Nacional-Syrah	88	15	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	DFJ Vinhos 2015 Scancio Reserva Touriga Nacional-Syrah Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	DFJ Vinhos
Israel	"Violet-red in the glass, this wine has a nose of blackberries and gingerbread spice. It is well balanced, with equal amounts of velvety tannins and refreshing brightness cavorting on the palate. Pronounced flavors of blackberry, aniseed, smoke, flint and thyme are accentuated by notes of mint tea."	Yarden	93	33	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Golan Heights Winery 2011 Yarden Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Golan Heights Winery
France	"Bright and fruity, this crisp and fresh wine is full of lively red currants and berries cut with acidity and a tangy, orange peel texture. This is a great summer rosé."	Premium	92	23	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Roubine 2014 Premium Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Roubine
US	"This fresh young wine has a pleasing leesy character upon being poured. With extra breathing time it fills out, adding details of citrus pith and skin to clean green apple, melon and cucumber flavors."	Vitae Springs Vineyard	90	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	St. Innocent 2015 Vitae Springs Vineyard Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	St. Innocent
US	"Forward and spicy, this puts some muscle into the Merlot with earthy, tongue-gripping tannins. The fruit has a sweet tomato flavor, with a streak of cherry candy. Though not entirely knit together, it's a pleasant drink best enjoyed young."	Indian Wells	86	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2008 Indian Wells Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Chateau Ste. Michelle
France	"With its forward acidity, this shows its fresh side before revealing its ripe red-berry flavors. Tannins form a firm, solid base that dominates the finish."		87	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Moulin de Mallet 2010  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Moulin de Mallet
Israel	"Jammy preserve notes of blueberry and ripe strawberry on the nose, with more plum and deep cherry notes fleshing out the medium-weight mouth. Delicate fine-grain tannins provide good structure, and linger throughout the milk chocolate-infused finish."	Kosher	86	15	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Recanati 2008 Kosher Merlot (Galilee)	Merlot	Recanati
US	"Vague apple, pear and lime pith aromas show on the subdued nose of this bottling. The palate is pleasant, with dried apple, lime peel and grass flavors, but it's somewhat lacking in energy."		84	14	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	EOS 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	EOS
US	"Smoky and savory on the nose, stewed blueberries mix with sweet barbecue sauce aromas. The palate shows fresher black fruit supported by grainy tannins."	Salt Lick Vineyards	86	30	Texas	Texas		Alexander Peartree		Fall Creek 2012 Salt Lick Vineyards Tempranillo (Texas)	Tempranillo	Fall Creek
US	"Penetrating layers of white grapefruit and tangerine are laced with deliciously astringent murmurs of lime zest in this dry, citrusy Riesling. It's deeply fruity and forward, yet nuanced by savory hints of nuts and spice that linger long on the finish."	Dry	90	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Anthony Road 2014 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Anthony Road
France	"This still-young blackberry-rich wine is bursting with fruit. Its structure is restrained, with a background of tannins that support the juicy fruitiness. Produced from organic grapes, it will need to age further, so drink from 2019."		89	36	Bordeaux	Puisseguin Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Puisseguin la Rigodrie 2015  Puisseguin Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Puisseguin la Rigodrie
New Zealand	"This starts off nicely enough, with hints of cherries, rose petals and cedar, but the promise isn't quite fulfilled on the palate, which is lightweight and simple, with cedar- and coffee-tinged oak gradually taking over."		84	34	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Maude 2008 Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Maude
Austria	"This wine's nose is restrained and carries just a faint hint of peach and nettle. The slender, juicy palate is all about zesty, lithe citrus and herbal spice. Very refreshing and light."		87	13	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Zantho 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Burgenland)	Sauvignon Blanc	Zantho
US	"The fruit sources—Klipsun and Gamache—are excellently displayed in this white that includes 8% Sémillon. A bracing, cool blast of citrus, white peach, melon and cucumber is buoyed with crisp minerality. The wine spent seven months in 15% new French oak."		88	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Three Rivers 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Three Rivers
US	"One of the best Merlots of the vintage, at a good price for the quality. Shows a structural quality and ripeness that are pure Oakville, with ultra-refined tannins, good acidity and plush, complex flavors of black cherries, red currants and licorice that go on and on into a long, spicy finish. New oak comprises 40% of the barrels, and adds beautiful notes of toast and warmth."		94	36	California	Oakville	Napa			Swanson 2007 Merlot (Oakville)	Merlot	Swanson
US	"This Reserve Series bubbly accents its crisp green apple fruit with toasty aromas. Done via Méthode Champenoise, it spent five years en tirage. There's a fine bead and lingering persistent flavors with hints of nutmeg and lemon curd. All in all, this is a very fine effort."	Blanc de Noir	90	50	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Seufert 2011 Blanc de Noir Sparkling (Willamette Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Seufert
US	"Soft, dull and vegetal. Still, it's drinkable for some modest cola flavors and velvety mouthfeel."		81	14	California	California	California Other			Vinum 2010 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Vinum
US	"Soft, gently sweet, and enormously attractive, a rich, opulent Pinot Noir for drinking now. Cabernet specialist Venge brings their touch to this vineyard, located in one of the warmest parts of the valley. It's a flashy wine, forward in raspberries, cherries, red licorice and sweet oak."	Bacigalupi Vineyard	91	58	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Venge 2011 Bacigalupi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Venge
Spain	"Mango and melon blend with crushed vitamin on the nose of this Viura-Malvasia-Garnacha Blanca blend. This feels wide and fairly full, with modest acidity. Resiny flavors of sawdust shade apple and vanilla notes, while this is oaky and nonaggressive on the finish."	Organza	90	28	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sierra Cantabria 2014 Organza White (Rioja)	White Blend	Sierra Cantabria
US	"Captures the purity of Santa Ynez Sauvignon Blanc with laser-sharp lemon, lime, pineapple and gooseberry flavors. The acidity is wonderful. Fermented in stainless steel and aged in neutral oak barrels to give it just a touch of smoke."	Faith Vineyard	90	25	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Brander 2011 Faith Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Brander
France	"A finely textured wine, with its acidity and apple fruits laced with wood and spice. It is rich, full in the mouth, a wine that has great pure flavors, very clear right to the end. Screwcap."	Les Vaillons Vieilles Vignes	90	40	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Laroche 2009 Les Vaillons Vieilles Vignes  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Laroche
Italy	"This wine's fragrance evokes underbrush, toast, chopped celery and prune. The tight, angular palate offers dried cherry, star anise, espresso and sage notes alongside bracing tannins that clench the finish."	Riserva	85	25	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cantina Terre del Barolo 2012 Riserva  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cantina Terre del Barolo
France	"Beautifully concentrated aromas precede flavors of violets, pepper, sweet spice, plum and red berries. The wine is full and round in the mouth with excellent acidity and tannin. A little tight and closed right now, it should open up to be even more balanced and better integrated in 2–3 years."		89	38	Languedoc-Roussillon	Minervois La Liviniere		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	L'Ostal Cazes 2004 Red (Minervois La Liviniere)	Rhône-style Red Blend	L'Ostal Cazes
France	"Pure Chardonnay from the walled vineyard in the heart of Le Mesnil, this intense wine from a great vintage is tight and mineral, still showing hints of toast from its barrel fermentation. With its taut texture, complex acidity and crisp citrus, it's very young, but will age indefinitely. Showing the beauty of Chardonnay in Champagne at its best, it will certainly still be impressive come 2030."	Clos du Mesnil Brut Blanc de Blancs	99	800	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Krug 2002 Clos du Mesnil Brut Blanc de Blancs Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Krug
Italy	"A blend of 85% Sangiovese, 10% Canaiolo and 5% Colorino, this offers delicate ripe black-skinned fruit and cooking spice aromas. On the palate, ripe black cherry, espresso and clove flavors are framed by firm tannins. Drink through 2019."	Riserva	89	30	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mangiacane 2011 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Mangiacane
US	"A lovely Pinot, dry, crisp and silky, with ripe raspberry, strawberry and cherry fruit flavors, grounded by notes of grilled mushrooms, exotic spices and forest undergrowth. Sweetly delicious now, it should blossom over the next six years."	Rancho Ontiveros Vineyards	94	64	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Native 9 2009 Rancho Ontiveros Vineyards Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Native 9
France	"This is a fine wine that performs at the level of a premier cru. It has brambly fruitiness and intense perfume. The structure is already finely integrated, allowing the strawberry fruit and acidity to shine through. Drink from 2019."		92	75	Burgundy	Morey-Saint-Denis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	David Duband 2014  Morey-Saint-Denis	Pinot Noir	David Duband
France	"From limestone soil at the foot of Mount Sainte-Victoire, this wine is fruity and deliciously crisp and dry. With its red-currant flavors and intense acidity it is definitely made to be drunk with food. Drink from the end of 2017."	Château des Ferrages Roumery	89	17	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	M. Chapoutier 2016 Château des Ferrages Roumery Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	M. Chapoutier
Italy	"Delicious and loaded with finesse, this offers enticing scents of rose, violet, chopped herb, dark-skinned berry and a whiff of exotic spice. The smooth structured palate delivers juicy red cherry, crushed raspberry, star anise, and white pepper alongside polished tannins. Hints of pomegranate and pipe tobacco close the lingering finish. Drink through 2027."	Cepparello	95	80	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Isole e Olena 2012 Cepparello Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Isole e Olena
US	"Named for the producer's farmhouse and its surrounding vineyard, this offers rich cherry cordial and weedy sage notes—a seamless mix of fruit and earth. Sage, cardamom and spicy white pepper flavors give it intrigue and complexity, wrapped in a thick, velvety texture."	Anne Katherina Vineyard Farmhouse Estate Farmed	91	90	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Blue Farm 2014 Anne Katherina Vineyard Farmhouse Estate Farmed Pinot Noir (Sonoma Valley)	Pinot Noir	Blue Farm
France	"Grapefruit flavor is the key to this attractive, fruity wine. Crisp and lightly herbaceous, it is fresh while also having a rounder background. Drink now, but better to wait until early 2016."		85	18	Southwest France	Côtes du Tarn		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine D'en Ségur 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Côtes du Tarn)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine D'en Ségur
US	"Smooth and almost buttery, this new Cabernet from Randy Dunn has plenty of blackberry and black cherry flavors, along with silky tannins. The midpalate fades a bit, though perhaps the wine is just in need of a bit more bottle age."		90	55	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Feather 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Feather
France	"Powerful tannins give this wine its dense, concentrated character. It is dark and dense, very dry at this stage and needing at least 10 years to round itself out. However, the presence of fruit promises a good future."		93	98	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Vray Croix de Gay 2009  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Vray Croix de Gay
Italy	It starts with a light fragrance of spring flowers and pear. The bright palate offers white peach and citrus notes alongside crisp acidity that leaves a clean finish.	Tufaie	87	13	Veneto	Soave Classico Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bolla 2012 Tufaie  (Soave Classico Superiore)	White Blend	Bolla
Italy	"Loads of black fruit intensity is backed by soft notes of chocolate, leather and spice. The wine boasts a very plump and round style that makes it a pleasure to savor."	Armonia Famiglia Losi	90	46	Tuscany	Colli della Toscana Centrale				Querciavalle 2007 Armonia Famiglia Losi Sangiovese (Colli della Toscana Centrale)	Sangiovese	Querciavalle
Israel	"This wine is dark garnet to the eye, with a fragrance of raspberry, cherry and Mediterranean herbs. There is a pleasing balance of fruit and dried herb notes. Smooth tannins prevail, with flavors of black cherry, blueberry, eucalyptus, smoked meat and fresh-cut herbs of thyme and oregano paving the way for a blueberry, oregano and orange rind finish."	Yarden	92	29	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Golan Heights Winery 2010 Yarden Merlot (Galilee)	Merlot	Golan Heights Winery
Portugal	"An elegant, understated wine that shows balanced red fruits, vanilla and touches of chocolate. Its attractiveness lies in the balance, with structure and acidity keeping the exuberant fruit flavors in check. Worth aging for 1–2 years."	Palha-Canas	89	11	Estremadura			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2005 Palha-Canas Red (Estremadura)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
France	"A notable value in the increasingly high-rent district of Châteauneuf-du-Pape, the 2011 La Crau des Papes features pronounced aromas and flavors of thyme and bay leaf, but also notes of peppered black cherries that ease into chocolaty richness. It's full bodied and supple in texture, finishing on a slightly dusty note that remains mouthwatering. Drink now–2020."	Domaine la Crau des Papes	91	45	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Louis Bernard 2011 Domaine la Crau des Papes Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Louis Bernard
Mexico	"While this wine is unoaked, it still carries a strong whiff of sulfur and popcorn that doesn't really dissipate. The palate offers good feel and is balanced between weight and acidity. Flavors of melon and applesauce are round and end in a swirl of sweet pear."	Piedra del Sol	85	26	Valle de Guadalupe			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa de Piedra 2012 Piedra del Sol Chardonnay (Valle de Guadalupe)	Chardonnay	Casa de Piedra
US	"Some Pinot Noir rosés can be heavy, but this one's as light as silk. With a briskly tart, creamy texture framing strawberry and date nut candy flavors, it's an absolute delight."	Vin Gris Rosé of	89	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			J Vineyards & Winery 2012 Vin Gris Rosé of Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	J Vineyards & Winery
France	"This is a smooth and polished wine, with herb and new wood aromas. It has juicy red-berry flavors, and the tannins push forward. Structured, with intense acidity, this is ready to age for at least 5–6 years."	Gravières Premier Cru	90	47	Burgundy	Santenay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jessiaume 2010 Gravières Premier Cru  (Santenay)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Jessiaume
US	"Pert and fresh with white floral and lemon tones, this dainty Chardonnay balances reverberating acidity with juicy tangerine and pineapple flavors. Refreshing and sprightly, it's the perfect year-round apéritif."	Early Wine	88	17	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Macari 2013 Early Wine Chardonnay (North Fork of Long Island)	Chardonnay	Macari
US	"This is too oaky, with vanilla, buttered toast and butterscotch notes dominating the underlying pineapple and guava flavors."		86	29	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Groth 2010 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Groth
South Africa	"Ripe, mushy plum and black cherry guts lead the way on the nose, with secondary notes of cured meat and tree bark. Medium weight and very approachable now with dusty tannins and a solid finish."	The Pirate of Cocoa Hill	86	13	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Dornier 2009 The Pirate of Cocoa Hill Red (Western Cape)	Red Blend	Dornier
US	"Green apples and pears combine harmoniously in this tart, mostly dry offering. Elements of vegetable oil and mineral add complexity."		85	10	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Fox Run 2002 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Fox Run
US	"Juicy on the nose and palate, with loads of sweet peach and melon, this semidry Riesling is balanced by brisk lime-tinged acidity and crisp starfruit flavors that shine on the midpalate. Finishes on a pleasantly drying jasmine-tea note."		87	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Knapp 2010 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Knapp
US	"The unique flavors of this special block match pretty red-berry fruit to aromatic suggestions of potpourri and bouquet garni. It's detailed and nicely knitted together, with a pleasing hint of coconut carrying through the finish."	Southeast Block	93	56	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bethel Heights 2014 Southeast Block Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Bethel Heights
US	"Syrah (51%) makes up most of this wine with the balance Merlot (35%), Cabernet Sauvignon (10%), Malbec (2%) and Petit Verdot. Vanilla, baking spice and plum aromas are followed by sweet blue-fruit flavors that go down easy."	Bombshell Red Vineyard Salute	88	18	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Airfield Estates 2013 Bombshell Red Vineyard Salute Red (Yakima Valley)	Red Blend	Airfield Estates
US	"Part stainless-steel fermented, part neutral French oak-fermented, this light, refreshingly upfront wine offers bristling acidity around shocks of grapefruit, lemon and lime, settling into itself as it goes. The oak is well integrated and nicely subtle, allowing the fruit and minerality to speak."	Grist Vineyard	91	20	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Alysian 2014 Grist Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Alysian
US	"Like a bouquet made of different types of flowers, this polished wine brings diverse elements into a pleasing whole. There are ripe tropical fruit, vanilla and butter aromas, rich apple and pear flavors, a soothing smooth texture and lingering finish."	Savoy Vineyard	91	48	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	FEL 2012 Savoy Vineyard Chardonnay (Anderson Valley)	Chardonnay	FEL
US	"This is an estate-grown white, unfettered by oak, that opts instead to focus on floral apple-blossom aromas and bright, fresh flavors of tangerine and grapefruit zest. A bite of green apple shines on the finish."	Teresa's Unoaked Estate Grown Estate Bottled	90	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Balletto 2016 Teresa's Unoaked Estate Grown Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Balletto
Chile	"Apple and melony aromas rule the easygoing, tropical bouquet. Feels fresh and properly acidic, with pithy, citrusy flavors that vascillate between lime and nectarine. Feels good, bright and under control, with sweetness and citrus pith on the finish. 2,000 cases made."	Single Vineyard	88	18	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilcas 2010 Single Vineyard Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Chilcas
US	"A pleasant aromatic mix of sweet buttercream with salted caramel join with pineapple and guava on this wine from the hills above Silicon Valley. It is nicely rounded on the palate, with pear, apple and more guava leading to a yeasty, acidic finish."	Murphy's Choice	90	35	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Clos La Chance 2012 Murphy's Choice Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Clos La Chance
US	Aromas of red fruit and herb are followed by light but pure cherry flavors. It provides a lot of easy-drinking appeal.		87	19	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Boomtown 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Boomtown
France	"From a small parcel called Les Mazières Basses, this is a rare Village wine in an area packed with Premier and Grand Crus. It has power and richness as well as a smooth texture that is already velvety. It's ripe and concentrated, with juicy black currant and berry fruits, finishing dry and firm. Drink from 2018."		91	70	Burgundy	Vosne-Romanée		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Manuel Olivier 2012  Vosne-Romanée	Pinot Noir	Manuel Olivier
France	"This wine is crisp and fruity. With acidity as well as a light toast character, it is already balanced, bringing yellow and melon fruit flavors into the mineral texture. Drink from 2022."	Genevrières Premier Cru	93	160	Burgundy	Meursault		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Buisson Battault 2015 Genevrières Premier Cru  (Meursault)	Chardonnay	Domaine Buisson Battault
US	"Super-tannic, one of those dry Napa red wines that makes you wonder why you opened it now. It's just so tough and astringent, offering more pain than pleasure, which leads to the question, will it age? Well, there's good cherry-blackberry fruit. But this is Merlot, not Cabernet. Risky."	Estate	86	50	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			Reverie 2007 Estate Merlot (Diamond Mountain District)	Merlot	Reverie
US	"A pretty good Cabernet for this everyday price. It's very dry and rich in tannins, with sweet-and-sour flavors of cherries, herbs and mint. Fine for an inexpensive, by-the-glass program."		84	8	California	California	California Other			Round Hill 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Round Hill
Italy	"From the new estate run by Giovanni and Paolo Bulgari (of fashion and jewelry fame), this pure expression of Sangiovese shows very interesting aromas of bright red cherry, perfumed blue flower and a touch of sweet spice. The wine is focused, compact and crisp on the close."	Sotirio	90	40	Tuscany	Toscana				PoderNuovo a Palazzone 2009 Sotirio Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	PoderNuovo a Palazzone
Chile	"Clean and ripe, with apple, pear and zesty citrus aromas. The palate runs more round and candied than linear and sharp, with sweet, welcoming flavors of white peach and dried citrus fruits. Fuller-bodied and inviting, but still fresh. Drink immediately."	Classic Series	87	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montes 2009 Classic Series Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Montes
US	"This dry rosé takes a serious approach and can be enjoyed in lieu of red. It has a salmon color, plummy and lightly earthy aromas, and red cherry fruit with a hint of meatiness on the palate."		86	20	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	1850 2015 Rosé (Amador County)	Rosé	1850
Argentina	"Intense black-fruit aromas mix seamlessly with notes of graphite, cedar and dried Gouda cheese. This Bordeaux blend is firm and bolstered by grabby tannins and fresh acidity. Ripe flavors of blackberry, cassis, mocha and vanilla end with a lemony oak note, additional mocha and a hint of wood spice. Drink through 2022."	Synthesis The Blend	93	53	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Sophenia 2012 Synthesis The Blend Red (Tupungato)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Finca Sophenia
Spain	"Bread, apple cider and yeasty complexity grace the nose on this Brut Nature. A smooth palate is now mature, ready and doesn't scrape or scour. Dry stone-fruit flavors blend with apple notes in front of a bready, toasty finish that has seltzer-like crispness. Drink through 2020."	Kripta Gran Reserva Brut Nature	90	85	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Agustí Torelló 2007 Kripta Gran Reserva Brut Nature Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Agustí Torelló
Romania	"An intriguing nose of tobacco, mint, cherry and spice leads this earthy red. Flavors of spice, tobacco, red berry and tea are supported by ageable tannins and good complexity."	Rosso di Valachia	85	12	Dealu Mare			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Byzantium 2005 Rosso di Valachia Red (Dealu Mare)	Red Blend	Byzantium
US	"Strong in oak and ripe fruit, this tastes overworked. It's dominated by buttered toast, butterscotch and pineapple jam flavors. It will satisfy legions of Chardonnay lovers who like this popular style."	Block 210 Estate	86	30	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Sierra Madre 2010 Block 210 Estate Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Sierra Madre
US	"Good, rich and spicy Zin from Williams Selyem winemaker Bob Cabral. It's not the most memorable Bacigalupi ever, with a somewhat soft, simple structure. But the raspberry, vanilla, toast and spice flavors are fine for drinking now."	Bacigalupi Vineyard	87	50	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2009 Bacigalupi Vineyard Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Williams Selyem
Australia	"A slightly confected, slightly herbal Cab, with sweet cherry fruit that finishes tart. Still, it's nicely creamy in texture and while simple, is pleasant enough for a midweek quaff. Drink now."		84	13	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Red Knot 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (South Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Red Knot
Canada	"This Bordeaux-style blend is comprised of 44% Cabernet Sauvignon, 43% Merlot and 13% Cabernet Franc. The fruit flavors of raspberry and blackberry are light and tangy, the tannins mellow. A note of dark chocolate highlights the finish."	Compendium	90	70	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mission Hill 2011 Compendium Red (Okanagan Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Mission Hill
Argentina	"Medicinal cherry and plum aromas set up a palate with clipped, hard tannins. Forced flavors of oak and carob are more obvious than the wine's plum and cassis notes. Oak dominates the creamy, charred finish."	Estate	85	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca El Origen 2016 Estate Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Finca El Origen
Argentina	"Racy plum and cherry aromas lead to an edgy palate with bold acidity. Crisp, foxy flavors of raspberry and plum finish spicy and with pronounced acidity. This wine emphasizes acidity and freshness over ripeness and heft."	Finca Lalande	87	16	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaine Bousquet 2016 Finca Lalande Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Domaine Bousquet
US	"Cherry-berry and vanilla surround a soft, spicy core of high-toned red fruit. Mellowed with age, the tannins linger in perceived sweetness."		90	125	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Azari 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Azari
US	"This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot, Carménère, Malbec and Cabernet Franc offers aromas of purple fruit, green herb, clove, barrel spice and spice box. It's light and supple, filling out with palate-coating fruit flavors. The tannins bring a bit of grip that softens with additional time open. Put it on the dinner table to see it at its best."	Pentad	92	75	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Seven Hills 2014 Pentad Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Seven Hills
Italy	"A blend of grapes including traditional Corvina and Rondinella undergoes air-drying for extra-rich concentration and intensity. That, with careful oak aging, has shaped a richly textured, dense wine that would pair with game meat or bean soup with smoked bacon. It shows raw, slightly chewy tannins on the close."	Palazzo della Torre	88	20	Veneto	Veronese				Allegrini 2007 Palazzo della Torre Red (Veronese)	Red Blend	Allegrini
US	"A rich, evocative, sensual aroma greets the first sniff. The mix of purple fruits, hints of baking spices, and tannins dusted with chocolate is irresistible. Sweet toast comes up next, with pretty fruit flavors in proportion, and a taste of brioche to finish. Aging until 2016–2017 should open it up further."	Karen's Pommard	92	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lenné Estate 2012 Karen's Pommard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Lenné Estate
Italy	"Fresh, alluring aromas of wild berry, pressed violet, dark baking spice and a whiff of new leather all come together in the glass. The firm full-bodied palate offers ripe black cherry, mature plum, cinnamon, licorice and a hint of tobacco. Chewy tannins and bright acidity provide support and balance. Drink 2019–2027."		93	79	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castelgiocondo 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Castelgiocondo
US	"The Dardis designate is a mix of Wädenswil and Dijon 115 clones, aged for 10 months in 30% new French oak. Cherry, berry and chocolate flavors meld gracefully with a thread of cola. There's a briary undertone to the fruit, and a dusting of cocoa over the tannins. This is ready to enjoy immediately."	Dardis	91	52	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Fairsing 2014 Dardis Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Fairsing
US	"Everything about this wine is big and heavy—including the name, the psychedelic label and the massive bottle with wax capsule—but in spite of all that mass, it tastes great. The color is deep and dark, aromas are full of oaky spices of nutmeg and vanilla, and rich fruit flavors are layered with texture."	Genception of Giants	90	175	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Galatea Effect 2011 Genception of Giants Syrah (California)	Syrah	Galatea Effect
France	"A hard and tannic wine, with too much dryness for pleasure. It's not likely to soften enough to balance out."	Réserve	83	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Claouset 2011 Réserve  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Domaine du Claouset
South Africa	"This organic bottling, made by the winery's former Winemaker Craig Hawkins (who now spearheads his own brand, Testalonga), is a blend of 54% Chenin Blanc, 31% Viognier and 15% Chardonnay. There's an immediately attractive richness to the nose, thanks to upfront notes of beeswax, honeysuckle, Asian pear, yellow apple and a touch of guava. The medium-weight mouthfeel is surprisingly direct and clean, with tart white fruit and pure citrus tones that carry through to the bright finish. Drink now–2018."	LAM	89	16	Swartland			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Lammershoek 2013 LAM White (Swartland)	White Blend	Lammershoek
Germany	"Ripe, heady tropical fruit and citrus aromas extend onto the palate of this dry, yet deeply fruity, concentrated Riesling. It's unabashedly juicy, but textured and mineral on the palate, finishing long and with a streak of high-toned acidity."	Dry	90	18	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Weingut Liebfrauenstift 2012 Dry Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Weingut Liebfrauenstift
US	"This has to be one of the last 1996's released, and it shows its age in the bricky-orange color around the rim and the bouquet, which is beginning to be dominated by dried-fruit and cigar-box notes. It's losing fruit in the mouth, too, with the flavors, such as they are, tending toward earth, tea and tomato juice. Yet it's got some interesting complexities, and fans of mature Pinots will find lots to dwell on."	Reserve	85	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Newlan 1996 Reserve Pinot Noir (Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Newlan
France	"Warm and rich, the wine from vineyards on the slopes above Cadillac have the structure of the vintage along with the ripe, blackberry fruits. It is already attractive to drink, and will continue to age nicely over the medium term."		90	15	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Suau 2010  Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Suau
US	"The aromas start out quite brooding, opening to reveal notes of green pepper, vanilla, wood spice, powdered cayenne and dark cherry. The flavors are lithe and polished, with cherry, vanilla and coffee interweaving throughout to an extended finish. It comes off as oak heavy but still impresses."	Andreas Wallula Vineyard	91	80	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Den Hoed 2012 Andreas Wallula Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Den Hoed
Chile	"Fresh, floral raspberry and currant aromas are woody and spicy as they lead to a racy, balanced palate with good acidity but also a sense of oak resin. Raspberry, red currant and wood spice flavors see oak outlast fruit on the finish."		89	25	Aconcagua Costa			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Arboleda 2016 Pinot Noir (Aconcagua Costa)	Pinot Noir	Arboleda
US	"This vintage marks a big step forward for this Oregon Sauvignon Blanc. As fresh and racy as a bright young Quincy from the Loire, this sappy Sauvignon has the snap of natural acidity and a tongue-tingling mix of melon, lime and grapefruit on the palate. It's drinking beautifully right now while at its most fresh."	Blue Eye	90	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kandarian 2012 Blue Eye Sauvignon Blanc (Willamette Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kandarian
Italy	"D'Amare is a rich blend of Chardonnay and Viognier, offering a thick, viscous mouthfeel and bright notes of apricot, pear, pineapple and exotic fruit. It shows fine density and a creamy finish."	D'Amare	88	50	Tuscany	Toscana				Diadema 2011 D'Amare White (Toscana)	White Blend	Diadema
France	"Light, fruity and medium sweet, this is a pleasant, strawberry-flavored sparkling wine that lacks some acidity. It's best as an apéritif."	Rosé Brut	83	12	France Other	Vin Mousseux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Marquis de la Tour NV Rosé Brut Sparkling (Vin Mousseux)	Sparkling Blend	Marquis de la Tour
Italy	"Aromas of ripe berry, fragrant blue flower and a whiff of Alpine herb lead the nose. The generous palate offers juicy black cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon and licorice alongside firm, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2018–2023."	del Comune di La Morra	90	40	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ellena 2012 del Comune di La Morra  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ellena
US	"Canary Hill Shines in this new vintage, with mixed and juicy fruit flavors of cranberry, raspberry and cherry. It has good grip and a well-balanced herbal note, finishing with hints of green tea."	Canary Hill Vineyard	92	60	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2011 Canary Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
France	"A ripe and rounded wine, with friendly apricot and lemon flavors, richly toasty, leaving great acidity and bright fruits at the end."		85	17	Burgundy	Mâcon-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Chevallier 2009  Mâcon-Villages	Chardonnay	Louis Chevallier
France	"Structured with a core of tannin, this is a ripe wine. It has layers of red fruit and attractive acidity, showing the potential to last a few more months before drinking."	Rouge Carmin	85	15	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vins Descombe NV Rouge Carmin Red (Vin de France)	Red Blend	Vins Descombe
US	"This is immediately recognizable as a bottling from a cool-climate vineyard, with tons of cracked black pepper, asphalt and black fruit on the tense and intriguing nose. That pepper character follows through on the palate, mixing with crushed bay leaf, underripe elderberries and a touch of black currant, but fruit plays second to the spice and structure. Drink 2017–2022."	Thérèse Vineyards Lester Family Vineyard	92	38	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Martin Ranch 2012 Thérèse Vineyards Lester Family Vineyard Syrah (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Syrah	Martin Ranch
US	"Acidity and mushroom and earth notes combine to mute the fresh fruits in this Chardonnay. It's rich in apricots, oranges and peaches, enhanced by oak, but has a dry, austere tug that suggests brief cellaring. Drink after 2016."	Brosseau Vineyard	89	41	California	Chalone	Central Coast			Testarossa 2011 Brosseau Vineyard Chardonnay (Chalone)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
South Africa	"An interesting blend of 50% Pinot Noir, 30% Pinotage and 20% Chardonnay, this sparkling rosé boasts bright aromas and flavors of watermelon rind, strawberry hull, peach pit and citrus rind. It's soft and approachable, with a subtle smoky spice tone to the finish."	Méthode Cap Classique Brut Rosé	87	24	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Boschendal NV Méthode Cap Classique Brut Rosé Sparkling (Western Cape)	Sparkling Blend	Boschendal
US	"This wine surprises by being so very pretty—unexpected from such a hot site. Lovely scents of raspberry, strawberry, mint and spice lift the nose; the palate is medium-bodied, nicely tart, perfectly balanced and long. The mix of sweet and tart red fruits lasts deliciously, with the spice adding grace notes. Though blended and aged in 100% new French oak barrels, the oak is muted, and the fruit shines through."	Stone Tree Vineyard Reserve	91	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2007 Stone Tree Vineyard Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Columbia Crest
Italy	"Aromas of game, cured meat, mature violet and a whiff of barnyard lead the nose. It's extremely simple and diluted, with fleeting tannins and brisk acidity. Tried two bottles, same notes."		82	37	Piedmont	Ghemme		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Chiosso 2008  Ghemme	Nebbiolo	Il Chiosso
US	"This is wonderfully aromatic and forward, with lush fruit-pie flavors of blackberry and black cherry. There are graceful notes sprinkled generously throughout, hinting at peppery herb and anise. At once smooth and supple, long and generous, this is drinking exceptionally well."	Milbrandt	92	30	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	K Vintners 2009 Milbrandt Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	K Vintners
US	"It was probably the vintage, which was less than spectacular, but this wine, while a good, elegantly structured Cabernet, doesn't justify its price. It's bone dry and tannic, with flavorful blackberries, black currants, minerals and oak. A fine wine to drink with upscale fare, but the sharp finish suggests against aging."	Home Ranch	87	75	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast			Steven Kent 2006 Home Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon (Livermore Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Steven Kent
US	"A rich, satisfying Cabernet, packed with blackberry, cherry and mocha flavors, with a touch of herbs and mint. Not quite as dense or concentrated as the winery's mountain-appellated Cabs, but quite a good one."		90	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Atlas Peak 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Atlas Peak
France	"This is one of several wines from this producer that are created to give lie to the tannic Malbec. This is soft, ripe and full of the young fruitiness that demands to be drunk now."	Les Comtes de Cahors	85	12	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2015 Les Comtes de Cahors Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Georges Vigouroux
Chile	"This unoaked Chard is light and peachy on the nose, with apple aromas. It's a fruity, driving, almost grating wine with apple, white grape and melony flavors. Super fruity and zesty without the wood tempering, with a citric, lightly bitter and pithy finish."	Natura Un-oaked	87	11	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Emiliana 2010 Natura Un-oaked Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Emiliana
Chile	"This is mild on the nose, with a lemon-lime aroma. The palate is soft, but it has a pulse. The wine's citrus, melon and tropical flavors finish flat. For the most part, it's clean and quaffable."		83	8	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sombras del Sol 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Colchagua Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sombras del Sol
US	"Similar to Pinot Noir in the light, silky texture, easy tannins and cherry flavors. A good, dry wine, but rustic, and a little unbalanced in ripeness levels."		85	40	California	Calistoga	Napa			Madrigal 2009 Tempranillo (Calistoga)	Tempranillo	Madrigal
US	"Sugary, volatile, with flavors of prune and brown sugar. No finesse at all."	Port	82	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Belle Vallée 2005 Port Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Belle Vallée
Spain	"This smells reedy and scratchy, turning more herbal with time in the glass. Astringent acids create a sharp mouthfeel, and while the flavors include raspberry and strawberry, there's also a weedy component that picks up speed as the wine breathes."		82	13	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gladium 2010 Tempranillo (La Mancha)	Tempranillo	Gladium
Italy	"This Barbaresco offers quintessential Nebbiolo aromas of red rose, leather and berry along with succulent cherry and raspberry flavors layered with spice, sage and Alpine herbs. It's wonderfully balanced, with bracing but fine tannins and fresh acidity, and will develop additional complexity with more bottle age."	Sanadaive	94	28	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Adriano Marco & Vittorio 2010 Sanadaive  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Adriano Marco & Vittorio
US	"This has flavors of pineapple, orange and buttered toast, with lots of brisk acidity. It offers the oaky creaminess that many Americans love."		84	18	California	Monterey	Central Coast			La Crema 2010 Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	La Crema
Spain	"A big oaky can't-miss blast of clove and wood spice is more dominating than secondary berry aromas. This is resiny and full in body, with ample acidity. Oak plays a lead role on the flavor profile, which includes toast, mint and herbal black plum. A peppery toasty finish benefits from moderate juicy acidity. Drink through 2021."	Reserva	89	30	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tamaral 2011 Reserva  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Tamaral
Canada	"Aromatically appealing in notes of sarsaparilla, barrel spice and cherry. This full-bodied Pinot brings pomegranate and plum flavors to the palate, showing some dryness from the tannins."	Reimer Vineyard	89	40	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Meyer Family Vineyards 2012 Reimer Vineyard Pinot Noir (Okanagan Valley)	Pinot Noir	Meyer Family Vineyards
US	"Key lime and honeysuckle scents show on the nose of this bottling. Pithy green apple flavors and tightly wound tension mark the palate, finishing rather short."		86	39	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Demetria 2014 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Demetria
US	"This wine's aromas are bright, with honeysuckle, ripe peach, mandarin orange, slate and lime zest notes. It drinks just off dry, with abundant stone fruit flavors, mouthwatering acidity and a balance that's spot-on."		90	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Poet's Leap 2016 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Poet's Leap
US	"There's a fresh taste of green herbs to the 2010 “1772” that must be the result of the unusually cool vintage. It's by no means unwelcome, giving a minty, peppery tang to the green apple, tangerine and lime fruit. Drink now."	1772	89	44	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Tolosa 2010 1772 Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Tolosa
US	This wine is pale salmon in color with aromas of pear and lees. It drinks dry with savory flavors of smoke and spice that linger. It's a unique offering from the appellation.	La Vie Est Belle Estate Grown Pinot Noir	86	25	Washington	Lake Chelan	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Siren Song 2013 La Vie Est Belle Estate Grown Pinot Noir Rosé (Lake Chelan)	Rosé	Siren Song
US	"Savory tones of thyme and nutmeg lend hints of rusticity to sun-kissed blackberry and cherry flavors in this full-bodied Syrah. It's delectably ripe yet elegantly balanced by swathes of dark herb, lavender and black pepper."	East End	88	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Jamesport 2014 East End Syrah (North Fork of Long Island)	Syrah	Jamesport
Chile	"Pleasant red-fruit aromas kick it off, followed by regular-weight cherry and cassis flavors that come with a hint of herbal essence. The finish is racy and almost rough, but there's enough body and weight to the wine to push it across the finish line."	Hacienda Araucano	86	13	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	François Lurton 2008 Hacienda Araucano Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	François Lurton
Chile	"Sharp on the nose, with herbal, cabbage-like aromas. The palate is better, albeit rubbery in feel and infiltrated by bitter notes. Along the way, there's reasonably good berry fruit and then a piquant bite to the finish. Improves with airing; has its merits."	Armador	84	12	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Odfjell 2009 Armador Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Odfjell
US	"This blends 62% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Cabernet Franc and 18% Petit Verdot. Spicy and lean, it was aged in all-new French oak that provides a nice background of structure and strength."	Sun on the Mountain	88	95	California	Howell Mountain	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Galvan 2013 Sun on the Mountain Red (Howell Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Galvan
US	"Made in a toasty, richer style, this bottling shows cherry cola, blackberry brioche, oak-smoked plums and roast beef on the action-packed nose. The palate is dense, with black cherry, blackberry and black plum fruit layered across roasted-pork flavors."	Rita's Crown	92	75	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Walt 2013 Rita's Crown Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Walt
US	"There's a mixture of fruit and barrel on this wine with dark fruit aromas melding with cocoa, clove and spice. Sweet and concentrated flavors coat the palate, with a light squeeze of tannins backing it up."		92	56	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Reininger 2012 Malbec (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Malbec	Reininger
US	"Robust in red berry and vanilla, this wine is big-boned and ripe, with a tartness under lying the fruit and a moderate structure."	Betsy's Vineyard Estate	86	32	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lawer 2014 Betsy's Vineyard Estate Syrah (Knights Valley)	Syrah	Lawer
US	"Soft with cranberry and red currant accents, this fairly priced wine is subtle in tannin and oak, with a core of succulent black cherry and clove flavor. Approachable and round on the palate, it's a good choice for big gatherings."		88	20	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kicker Cane 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kicker Cane
Italy	"Made with 65% Nebbiolo, 20% Vespolina and 15% Uva Rara, this polished red from Piedmont offers aromas and flavors of dried red cherry, clove, baking spice and rust. It's well balanced, with silky tannins and fresh acidity while a graphite note closes the finish."		90	30	Piedmont	Boca		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vallana 2009  Boca	Red Blend	Vallana
US	"That vintage date is not a typo. This winery held onto this wine for over a decade prior to release. After opening with aromas of leather, vanilla, mushroom and wood spice, the palate brings reserved, well-balanced fruit flavors. Drink now."		90	42	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Lawrelin 2003 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Lawrelin
France	"Light, bright and fruity, this has soft tannins, plenty of red fruits and balancing acidity. Just dry to finish, it is ready to drink now."	Le Renard	85	22	Burgundy	Givry		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2010 Le Renard  (Givry)	Pinot Noir	Domaines Devillard
US	"A well-integrated mix of grapes from a broad range of vineyards across the entire Columbia valley, this outstanding value proves that good Chardonnay does not have to be strengthened by age in new oak barrels. Stone fruits, hints of tropical papaya and banana, contribute to a complex, fruit-driven, well-balanced wine with medium-term aging potential."		90	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tamarack Cellars 2012 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Tamarack Cellars
US	"This full-bodied, focused and distinctive wine has a deep, dark color, aromas of black cherry and cocoa, and flavors that are ripe and lingering. It offers power and complexity."	Open Range	88	18	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Casey Flat Ranch 2011 Open Range Red (California)	Red Blend	Casey Flat Ranch
Argentina	"Jammy raspberry aromas come with herb, oak and lactic notes. This Malbec feels chunky and pulpy, with a sticky oak-resin feel resulting in creamy grab. Flavors of red apple skins, plum, cardamom and vanilla finish sweet and slightly exotic."	Stone Soil Select	86	26	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Manos Negras 2012 Stone Soil Select Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Manos Negras
France	This steely mineral wine is still young. It has the crispest apple and lemon fruits as well as a tight mineral texture. It obviously needs to age with its nervy character keeping the more generous fruit in check. Drink from 2018.	La Chatellenie	88	29	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Mellot 2016 La Chatellenie  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Joseph Mellot
France	"This 100% Merlot from a small experimental vineyard is solid, firm and still young. It has a dense structure of tannins and wood aging, showing bitter coffee flavors and an austere character after 14 months in new French oak. It will likely remain a tough proposition."		84	22	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tertre de Belvès 2012  Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tertre de Belvès
US	"With 5% Viognier giving it an extra boost, this richly aromatic wine suggests apricot and dried mango. It drinks quite sweet with abundant stone-fruit flavors. Enjoy as an apéritif or digestif."		87	8	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Snoqualmie 2013 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Snoqualmie
US	"Opulent and ripe but also full of black pepper and clove, this wine is full-bodied, spicy and firmly structured. It has good supportive tannins in the texture while blackberry, smoke and charred oak flavors make for interesting flavor complexity."	The Rules of Fair Play	90	36	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cedarville Vineyard 2014 The Rules of Fair Play Red (El Dorado)	Red Blend	Cedarville Vineyard
Italy	"Subdued aromas of scorched earth, dark cooking spice, black currant and a whiff of game emerge in the glass. The ripe palate offers mature dark-skinned berry, vanilla, tobacco and toast alongside mellow tannins. Drink through 2018."	Kastelaz Riserva	89	45	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Elena Walch 2011 Kastelaz Riserva Merlot (Alto Adige)	Merlot	Elena Walch
US	"There's a sour twinge on the nose that's reminiscent of sweet apple cider vinegar, but the dry, medium bodied palate is pleasant with fresh apple juice flavors and a touch of cream on the finish."	Reserve	82	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Standing Stone 2007 Reserve Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Standing Stone
US	"A classic Napa Valley Chardonnay, this is smooth, rich, balanced and well composed. Flowery aromas of honeysuckle open the way for lemon curd and ripe apple to compete with a depth of crème brûlée character that provides plenty of complexity, with additional accents of honey and spice."	Cuvée Sauvage	91	40	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Franciscan 2012 Cuvée Sauvage Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Franciscan
US	"This has rich flavors of black currants, licorice and sandalwood, and it finishes dry and spicy. This should be relatively easy to find thanks to its 50,000-case production."		86	10	California	California	California Other			Avalon 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Avalon
France	"While this wine is packed with red-berry flavors, it is still too young with its stalky edge. Tannins and smoky flavors are there along with intense acidity. Keep it until late 2016 for it to be at its best."		85	12	Southwest France	Bergerac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Laulerie 2014 Merlot (Bergerac)	Merlot	Château Laulerie
US	"Pretty nice for a statewide appellation, with true Zin characteristics of wild, brambly berries. The alcohol is high and the wine is very dry, a full-throttle assault on the senses, with its maximum load of jammy fruit. Nothing subtle, just a bases-loaded, ripe wine that leaves little to the imagination. Best Buy."		86	10	California	California	California Other			Stonehedge 2000 Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Stonehedge
US	"Velvety, lush and bright, this wine celebrates a warm, wonderful vintage in its exuberance of clove, currant and chocolate-covered cherry, yet the acidity is focused and tense. Lengthy and built to last, the rounded palate is seasoned in black pepper."		94	225	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	The Vineyard House 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	The Vineyard House
Spain	"Neutral on the nose, and then crisp but bland tasting. There's apple and green hints of fresh bell pepper and lettuce, while the finish shows lime, citrus pith and mild bitterness. Light and basic; made from 50% each of Airen and Macabeo (Viura)."	White Wine Made With Organic Grapes	84	10	Levante	Alicante		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vermador 2009 White Wine Made With Organic Grapes White (Alicante)	White Blend	Vermador
US	"This is clean and brisk in lemony acidity, and it offers concentrated, complex flavors of honeyed pineapples, limes, oranges and mangoes. It's dry and finessed."		90	25	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			MacRostie 2011 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	MacRostie
US	"An estate-grown wine from an Oakville-based producer, this is an opaque, concentrated expression of black fig and gunpowder, girded by sturdy tannin and a richness of black cherry and berry. It reveals the power of the appellation well, and a ripeness of the vintage."	Black Label	92	140	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Turnbull 2013 Black Label Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Turnbull
Spain	"Opaque in color, with blackberry and licorice aromas but also a distinct streak of brambly herbs and green. Later on, pine needle and tartness enter the fray. This is a commendable modern Rioja but it does have a few issues, namely a green herbal component."	Selección Especial	86	24	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Terán 2009 Selección Especial  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Marqués de Terán
US	"A touch overripe, showing some bitter, dried raisinskin notes. If you can get past that, you'll find plenty of rich blackberry, dark chocolate, plum, beef jerky and black pepper flavors."	Cuvée Christine	87	45	California	North Coast	North Coast			Pax 2007 Cuvée Christine Syrah (North Coast)	Syrah	Pax
US	"Fuzzy peach with a companionable co-host of Meyer lemon star in this medium-bodied, voluptuously appealing wine. It's balanced and easy to enjoy, its finish taking on added volume and likability."	Bliss	90	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peace Water 2015 Bliss Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Peace Water
Italy	"Here's a young Nebbiolo that boasts floral and berry aromas. The palate delivers ripe strawberry and raspberry with a hint of orange peel. Bright and delicious. Saranty Imports, Pleasure Elite."	Parigi	88	23	Piedmont	Nebbiolo d'Alba		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mauro Sebaste 2011 Parigi  (Nebbiolo d'Alba)	Nebbiolo	Mauro Sebaste
US	"This is an aromatic wine, with notes of blackberry, braised meat, Kalamata olive, iron and French-oak spices. The palate holds nothing back, with bold, rich fruit flavors that coat the palate, showing warmth on the finish. Although the oak seems prominent it still provides enjoyment."	The Sleeping Giant Boushey Vineyard	91	60	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gorman 2014 The Sleeping Giant Boushey Vineyard Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Gorman
Chile	Less adequate than in the past. The wine lacks aromatic zest and pungency before showing tart apple and ultimately vegetal flavors. Canned pea notes are prevalent.	120	80	8	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2010 120 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Rita
Spain	"Berry fruit and mild leather open this good little bargain. There's adequate body and fullness, some oak, and then bright, fresh berry, herb and spice flavors. Finishes dry and lightly toasted, with coffee notes."		86	8	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Maximo 2008 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Maximo
US	"DuBrul is perhaps the single most sought-after vineyard in the entire Yakima Valley, and at this price this Tamarack selection is an absolute steal. Pomegranate, blueberry, black cherry and cassis notes lead into a full-flavored wine that remains concise and perfectly defined. The blend is 62% Cabernet Sauvignon, 31% Merlot and 7% Cabernet Franc. This is concentrated, with earthy depths suggesting Dr. Pepper, espresso and dark chocolate."	DuBrul Vineyard Reserve Red	96	50	Washington	Rattlesnake Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tamarack Cellars 2008 DuBrul Vineyard Reserve Red Red (Rattlesnake Hills)	Red Blend	Tamarack Cellars
US	"New oak brings vanilla bean and buttered toast flavors to the raspberries, cherries and blackberries. The acidity is soft and so are the tannins, resulting in an easy Cab for drinking now."		86	32	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Tin Barn 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tin Barn
US	"This is a brand-new bottling from Merry Edwards. It's her first from Westside Road, which is warmer than her haunting grounds around the southern part of the valley. It's quite a promising debut. The wine is round, soft, charming and complex, with elaborate cherry, blackberry, licorice and cola flavors. It feels important and ageworthy. Drink now, with several hours of decanting, or cellar through 2020."	Georganne	95	54	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Merry Edwards 2009 Georganne Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
Argentina	"Smoky aromas of fresh-cut wood blend with berry and cassis form a welcoming, generous bouquet. This feels lively on the palate, albeit tartaric. Oaky plum, cassis and vanilla flavors finish full and agreeable. Drink through 2019."	Alegoría Gran Reserva	91	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Navarro Correas 2011 Alegoría Gran Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Navarro Correas
Germany	"Dusty earth and mineral tones lend contrast to sweet, sunny tangerine and caramel in this feather-light TBA. The palate is persistent and pristine, awash in stone fruit flavors that pierce with laser-like brilliance. Delectable now for it's youth and fruitiness, but likely to develop mineral complexities for decades to come."	Kiedrich Gräfenberg Trockenbeerenauslese	95	775	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Robert Weil 2013 Kiedrich Gräfenberg Trockenbeerenauslese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Robert Weil
Spain	"Dark and a touch murky, with earthy aromas of black cherry, leather and forest floor. The palate is well sized and feels healthy, while the flavors of plum and blackberry are slightly herbal. Shows pop, length and some bitterness on the finish. A regular wine for regular occasions."		84	9	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Maximo 2006 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Maximo
Spain	"Apple, vanilla and a hint of sulfur is what you'll find on the nose of this consistently solid value-priced Cava. A slightly soft body and flavors of green herbs, melon and white pepper finish well."	Kila	87	10	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vins El Cep 2014 Kila Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Vins El Cep
US	"The Carabella, Hyland and Thistle vineyards continue to be the fruit sources for this gorgeous wine that's tart and stylish. The well-blended flavors mix citrus, tea, mineral and toast, and the length is impressive. Drink through 2025."		93	38	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Winderlea 2013 Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Winderlea
US	"Aromas of coffee, cocoa, green wood and fresh herbs lead to pleasing cherry, cola and chocolate flavors with abundant vanilla and wood accents, with tannins lending some grip."	Reserve	87	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2012 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Waterbrook
US	"Juicy and seductively smooth, this blockbuster beauty from the revered vineyard site is big, bold and intense, with granular tannins and a grip of integrated French oak. Its bright cassis, lavender, Tahitian vanilla and dried herb flavors are irresistible right out the gate. Ripe and rewarding, it's one to remember."	Stagecoach Vineyard	99	250	California	Atlas Peak	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Alpha Omega 2012 Stagecoach Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Atlas Peak)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alpha Omega
US	"Baked blackberries meet with caramel, vanilla, forest floor and a tart plum skin touch on the nose of this bottling by the Paso Robles-based Tooth & Nail team. It's smooth and soft on the sip, with black currant, elderberry, pepper dust, charcoal and rosemary flavors. It's ripe but with a very dry edge."	Murmur Vineyard	91	60	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Amor Fati 2014 Murmur Vineyard Syrah (Santa Maria Valley)	Syrah	Amor Fati
Spain	"Dusty berry, resin and bell-pepper aromas suggest a marginally ripe wine with plenty of oak. A raw punchy choppy mouth feel and woody spicy plum and berry flavors are good but not very deep or evolved. A finish with hard tannins is par for the course."	Crianza	89	20	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tamaral 2013 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Tamaral
Chile	"The nose on this blend of Syrah, Cabernet, Merlot and Malbec is concentrated, with herbal hints of juniper along with brandied berry and cherry. This is firm and tannic, with deep, earthy flavors of licorice, mint and spiced black fruits. It's grabby and big throughout, with all the nutmeg, anise and wood spice the wine can take."	Gold Syrah-Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot-Malbec	89	24	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Estampa 2009 Gold Syrah-Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot-Malbec Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Estampa
US	"This attractive, well-balanced and deeply concentrated wine is also affordable. It wraps fine-grained tannins around a fruity core, making this medium-bodied wine full in flavor."		90	22	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	La Follette 2014 Pinot Noir (North Coast)	Pinot Noir	La Follette
Portugal	"It is the ripe dark Alicante Bouschet that dominates this firmly structured wine. It is packed with tannins along with a hugely dense texture and concentrated juicy berry flavors. It is very firm, still young. Wait until 2017."	Premium	91	15	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Adega Cooperativa de Borba 2012 Premium Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Adega Cooperativa de Borba
Italy	"A lovely, wine, with aromas of red cherry, violet and hints of underbrush. The palate delivers succulent wild cherry, cinnamon and natural vanilla flavors with hint of truffle. It has compelling depth but needs time to tame the structured yet elegant tannins. Drink 2016–2025."		93	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bibbiano 2010  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Bibbiano
US	"Stemmy in earthy pine and clove-like spice, this is a powerfully dense and delicious wine. It's on the higher side in terms of alcohol, though doesn't reflect it in bouquet or taste. Savory dark berry wraps itself around mushroomy truffles and black tea to linger on the tongue through a lengthy, weighty finish."	Sangiacomo Roberts Road Vineyard	91	58	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pali 2013 Sangiacomo Roberts Road Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Pali
US	"High alcohol makes this wine seem hot. It's also very dry, and rich, oily foods will coax out its sweet berry essence."	Rowe Vineyard	84	45	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			St. Francis 2010 Rowe Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	St. Francis
US	"A lovely Sauvignon Blanc for drinking now with cocktail appetizers, like mushroom puff pastry or veggie tempura. A little sweet in lime and guava fruit, it's rich in acidity."		86	18	California	St. Helena	Napa			Charles Krug 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (St. Helena)	Sauvignon Blanc	Charles Krug
US	"Hot in high alcohol, with Port-like flavors of superripe currants and dark chocolate, finished with a raisinskin bitterness."	Carl's Vineyard	83	32	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Wilson 2007 Carl's Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Wilson
US	"Here's a crisp, refreshing SB that shows real elegance. It's dry and brisk in acids, with pleasant flavors of pineapples, dates, mangoes, vanilla and spices."	Feliz Vineyard	87	14	California	Mendocino				Brutocao 2006 Feliz Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Mendocino)	Sauvignon Blanc	Brutocao
US	"From the cooler reaches of the Napa Valley, this Coombsville wine is herbal and leathery, with a taste of bittersweet chocolate at its core. Integrated oak plays a background role behind baked plum and intense, ripe fruit, finishing in tobacco. Drink now through 2020."	District Collection	91	85	California	Coombsville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Raymond 2012 District Collection Cabernet Sauvignon (Coombsville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Raymond
US	"Weirdly acidic and sweet, with cloying raspberry Lifesaver candy flavors."	Vintner's Collection Reserve	82	12	California	California	California Other			Carmenet 2009 Vintner's Collection Reserve Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Carmenet
US	"This pretty Pinot combines aromas of cherry and clove with fresh strawberry and cherry flavors, a lively texture and lingering finish. Refreshing and complete, it would pair well with everything from salmon to steak."		87	25	California	Yorkville Highlands	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Judson Hale Winery 2012 Pinot Noir (Yorkville Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Judson Hale Winery
US	"Jammy in orange, apricot and pineapple fruits, this Chard has an overlay of oak that brings notes of sweet buttered toast and vanilla. It's a simple wine, but has fine acidity."		85	29	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Kessler-Haak 2012 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Kessler-Haak
New Zealand	"Classic Pinot Noir scents of dusty rose blossom and black cherry emerge from the glass. They're followed by flavors and textures that highlight the tension between slightly herbal and tea-like notes with dark cherry fruit. This medium-bodied wine then glides into a long, finely textured finish."	Bannockburn	90	49	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Carrick 2012 Bannockburn Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Carrick
US	"This is locked up tight when opened, and remains massive but inscrutable for several hours. But that is not to say it isn't a killer wine. The dense weave of wild berries, Mediterranean herbs, earth and clay signals a powerful wine with serious aging potential. Drink 2018 through 2028."	Hans Clone Pommard	93	50	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Vidon Vineyard 2012 Hans Clone Pommard Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Vidon Vineyard
US	"Toasty and honeyed in scent, this has aromas of glazed apples and pears, butterscotch and an edge of Meyer lemon zest. Medium to full bodied, the palate is vibrant and expressive, with the lemon note carrying the finish."	Founder's Reserve	86	20	Virginia	Shenandoah Valley				Shenandoah Vineyards 2011 Founder's Reserve Chardonnay (Shenandoah Valley)	Chardonnay	Shenandoah Vineyards
Portugal	"This red wine is ripe and structured. It is has a finely textured mineral character that's typical of the Dão region. Rich berry and spicy fruits are dominant with attractive acidity. Behind this fruit, the tannins give a fine shape to a wine that is ready to drink now."	Catedral	90	12	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Velhas 2013 Catedral Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Caves Velhas
US	"Sweet-leaning aromas of apple, nectarine and mandarin orange are cut by a wet-cement aroma on the nose of this bottling. It's light and easy in style on the palate, with lime rind and chalk flavors. It's altogether quite mellow but very refreshing and quaffable."	Vogelzang Vineyard	90	28	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 7200 2015 Vogelzang Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Foxen 7200
Germany	"Voluptuous and broad, this richly textured auslese suggests soft yellow apples and fleshy tangerines. It's a bit fat on the palate, but sunny acidity lends some freshness on the midpalate. Drink now."	GAu-Bischofsheimer Herrnberg Kerner Auslese	86	16	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fritz Windisch 2014 GAu-Bischofsheimer Herrnberg Kerner Auslese Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Fritz Windisch
US	"Those who buy Riesling for its intense aromas will be disappointed with the subdued nose on this example from the Finger Lakes. Nonetheless, the palate delivers attractive stone fruit flavors of peach and apricot and the truly crisp, dry finish makes for a refreshing package."	Dry	85	13	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes			Lakewood 2007 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Lakewood
New Zealand	"A clean, fresh Chardonnay, with less weight and body than most Central Otago examples. Green apple and lime flavors seem a bit tart, just balanced out by hints of ripe melon."	Blair Gunn Block	85	18	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Sleeping Dogs 2006 Blair Gunn Block Chardonnay (Central Otago)	Chardonnay	Sleeping Dogs
US	"Sanguine in cranberry, red plum and dark cherry, this wine offers sizable tannin and oak around more savory elements of tobacco and black tea, an introduction of soy on the full-bodied finish."	Limited Release	90	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Stallion 2011 Limited Release Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Black Stallion
France	"This is just recognizably Pinot Noir, full of tannins with a tight edge. Bitter cherry flavors and very fresh acidity give a mineral flavor that is only just showing juiciness. Drink from 2016."		84	19	France Other	Vin de Savoie		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Les Rocailles 2014 Pinot Noir (Vin de Savoie)	Pinot Noir	Les Rocailles
France	"This is a rich wine, full of juicy fruit and attractive acidity. A blend of 95% Malbec and 5% Merlot, it has touches of wood aging along with the tannins. It will develop quickly, so drink from 2018."	Arbo Malbec	88	22	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignobles Arbo 2014 Arbo Malbec  (Côtes de Bordeaux)	Malbec	Vignobles Arbo
Argentina	"Malbec and Bonarda are the lead grapes in this four-variety blend that shows improvement from the 2004, which was tough. Loads of ripe, dark fruit lead the way, with chewy, dense berry flavors coming next. It's bolstered by warm, oaky hints that settle on mocha and spice, so it fits the familiar style of what is good Mendoza wine."	Corte B	89	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vistalba 2005 Corte B Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Vistalba
US	"The vineyard lies in the Occidental area, a cool part of the southern valley that's vintage-sensitive. The cold 2010 year has resulted in brisk, citrusy acidity that brightens persimmon, cherry and raspberry fruit flavors that are liberally oaked. Hard to say if the wine is a long-term ager, but it's fine now and will be until 2019."	Stuller Vineyard	89	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Boheme 2010 Stuller Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Boheme
France	"This is a dry wine, packed with tannins at this stage. With concentrated fruits and spice in the background, it will become a rich structured wine. This Merlot/Cabernet Sauvignon wine was vinified for 12 months in French oak and six months in underground cement vats—aiming for drinkability for at least 10 years. But go ahead and drink the wine starting from 2019."	Cuvée Henri	88	29	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Berthenon 2014 Cuvée Henri  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Berthenon
US	"The very hot vintage took its toll on this 100% varietal Syrah. While it's nicely dry, with a finely tannic structure, it tastes a bit soft and hot. The cherry and blackberry flavors have a dessicated, raisiny edge. Drink now."	Hope Family Vineyard	86	42	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Austin Hope 2004 Hope Family Vineyard Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Austin Hope
South Africa	"A lovely flinty character graces the yellow apple, peach and orange cream aromas on the nose of this friendly wine. It's quite round and mouthfilling, with a prevailing smoky flavor on the palate that's reminiscent of baked apple with bacon crumble. Drink now."		85	10	Robertson			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Robertson Winery 2015 Chardonnay (Robertson)	Chardonnay	Robertson Winery
US	"Awesome. A superior California Syrah, one of the finest of the vintage. Although it's dry, it's massive in blackberry and blueberry pie filling fruit, with interesting complexities of smoked meats, black pepper, minerals from the earth, cola and sandalwood. Just delicious now, and should hold in the bottle over the next six years."	Kobler Family Vineyard	94	45	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			Pax 2007 Kobler Family Vineyard Syrah (Green Valley)	Syrah	Pax
US	"This intense blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Cabernet Franc and Mourvèdre is dusty in cassis and leather with nice layers of blackberry, too. Tightly wound and grippy, the wine offers nuanced shades of herb and cedar and a long, satisfying finish."	Estate	90	35	California	Capay Valley	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Casey Flat Ranch 2010 Estate Red (Capay Valley)	Red Blend	Casey Flat Ranch
US	"The wood and alcohol seem to get out front of aromas of plum, raspberry and medicine cabinet. Flavors are sweet and concentrated with a tart, cranberry-filled finish. A lot of good things are going on but they don't quite seem to all come together."	BDX	88	50	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Obelisco Estate 2012 BDX Merlot (Red Mountain)	Merlot	Obelisco Estate
Chile	"This is woody and creamy on the nose, with oak-based spice, balsamic and earth aromas. The palate is overflowing with tannins, such that things feel dry and clampy. Oaky flavors of maple, resin, molasses and mocha finish with roasted berry flavors and lasting grab. The blend is Carmenère, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah."	Vénere	87	70	Loncomilla Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cremaschi Furlotti 2009 Vénere Red (Loncomilla Valley)	Red Blend	Cremaschi Furlotti
US	"Elderberry and blueberry fruit meet with an interesting eucalyptus oil and spearmint component on the nose of this bottling. The minty charatcer shows strongly on the palate, with camphor tones decorating the black-plum fruit."	The Cave Reserve	86	100	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Oak Mountain 2011 The Cave Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Temecula Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Oak Mountain
US	"Sourced entirely from Pepper Bridge Vineyard, this chewy, substantial Cabernet has deep and delicious cassis and berry flavors that are accented with sweet, toasty oak. It spent three years in tight-grain French barrels, bearing the espresso-laden depths to show for it. This is thoroughly delicious and ageworthy."	Caimbry	94	40	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kontos 2008 Caimbry Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kontos
US	"You'll find some fancy elegance in this dry, balanced Cabernet. It's full bodied and tannic, as you expect a Cab to be, and offers a burst of fresh blackberry and cherry fruit. Good price for the quality."		87	15	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Bridlewood 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bridlewood
Austria	"Ripe pear, peach and a wild-thyme-scented edge play on nose. They continue on the slender, focused palate into a long trajectory of flavor that remains dry and refreshing throughout."	Senftenberger Ehrenfels Reserve	92	43	Kremstal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Proidl 2012 Senftenberger Ehrenfels Reserve Riesling (Kremstal)	Riesling	Proidl
US	"Has slight but clean wildflower and peach aromas, and drinks light but fruity, with apple and peach notes. Seems a little off-dry, but with adequate acidity. Nothing wrong with this low-priced, everyday-style wine."	Reserve	82	7	California	California	California Other			Glen Ellen 1998 Reserve Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Glen Ellen
Italy	"Woodland berry, forest floor, blue flower, tobacco and a hint of leather come together in the glass. The chewy, accessible palate offers juicy wild cherry, fleshy raspberry, cake spice and star anise accompanied by velvety tannins."	Lecinquevigne	91	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Damilano 2012 Lecinquevigne  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Damilano
Chile	"At first the raspberry and plum aromas are stunted and the palate seems round but basic. More airing reveals raspberry, cassis and strawberry flavors. In the end it winds up as a friendly, medium-intensity Cabernet that's good for immediate consumption."	Armador	86	13	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Odfjell 2006 Armador Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Odfjell
France	"This wine is smoky and juicy, with swathes of attractive black currant fruit. It's lightly structured, crisp and likely to age quickly. Drink from 2018."		86	15	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Grand Bourgeau 2016  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Grand Bourgeau
US	"Root beer and slate show on the very restrained nose of this wine that combines fruit from Monterey County (66%) and Santa Barbara Counry (34%). The palate is light and slightly metallic, with iron as well as eucalyptus and shreds of cranberry and raspberry fruit."	Grand Reserve	85	26	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kendall-Jackson 2013 Grand Reserve Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Kendall-Jackson
France	"This is the finest Cheval Blanc for many years. It is, quite simply, magnificent. The wine shows the greatness of Cabernet Franc in the vintage, with 57% of the variety in the blend. It is beautifully structured and perfumed, with velvety tannins, balanced acidity and swathes of black-currant and black-cherry fruits. It's well on course to becoming a legendary wine."		100	1500	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Cheval Blanc 2010  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Cheval Blanc
Spain	"Stalky, damp aromas are low on freshness and fruit. This feels full and chunky but lacking in structure. Stalky, rubbery plum and berry flavors lead to a short, low-volume finish that tastes a bit salty."	Crianza	85	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Larchago 2012 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Larchago
Italy	"This bright, medium-bodied red opens with aromas of underbrush, rose, violet and ripe berry. The lively palate offers juicy dark cherry, black raspberry, orange peel and a hint of baking spice alongside fresh acidity and lithe tannins."	Sire	89	20	Piedmont	Langhe		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Monchiero Carbone 2012 Sire Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Monchiero Carbone
US	"From an estate vineyard and given very little oak, this white sings in Key-lime pie and orange blossom, a heady, floral liquid invitation that gives way to unctuous texture and medium weight. Chalky somewhat on the finish, it should continue to integrate over time."		91	53	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Small Vines 2013 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Small Vines
US	"This is the most broadly appealing Chardonnay of Lynmar's wonderful 2011 offering. It makes all the right moves, with fine acidity and a hint of minerals giving structure to the tropical fruit, buttered toast and spice flavors. It's the kind of wine that makes Chard lovers smile. Best of all, it costs considerably less than  the winery's other Chards and is nearly as good."		91	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Lynmar 2011 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Lynmar
US	"Vanilla, thyme, dill and plum aromas are followed by plentiful fruit and barrel flavors that possess a pleasing mouthfeel. The oak is out front at times, especially on the aromas, but the wine is appealing."		89	30	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Bontzu 2013 Malbec (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Malbec	Bontzu
US	"This 100% varietal, barrel-fermented wine from the hallowed site delivers a grip of tension and balanced weight, providing power within its layers of texture. Earthy and pungent with tobacco and herb scents, it offers leather, cedar and black cherry flavors in equal amounts, finishing with length and grace."	Beckstoffer To Kalon	97	250	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Alpha Omega 2012 Beckstoffer To Kalon Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alpha Omega
Chile	"Aromas of mango, pineapple and petrol are pure Riesling. Plump on the palate, with citrusy acidity, this tastes of green melon, lime and tarragon. On the finish, a simple, sweet melony flavor blends into a sharper grapefruit note."	Single Vineyard Block no.23 Rulos del Alta	89	20	Bío Bío Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cono Sur 2014 Single Vineyard Block no.23 Rulos del Alta Riesling (Bío Bío Valley)	Riesling	Cono Sur
Italy	"Made with 90% Sangiovese, 4% Petit Verdot, 3% Merlot and 3% Cabernet Sauvignon, this has restrained aromas recalling mature black-skinned fruit and leather. The approachable palate delivers ripe plum and cedar alongside smooth tannins."	Pergolaia	87	25	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Caiarossa 2012 Pergolaia Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Caiarossa
Chile	"Scratchy rhubarb aromas run tart and weedy. The palate on this basic Merlot is high in acid and thus shrill, with sharp raspberry and cherry flavors. A short, choppy finish with sour plum flavors closes out this marginal, crisp wine."		82	10	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Nicolas 2011 Merlot (Curicó Valley)	Merlot	San Nicolas
	"A dark color and rich, jammy, baked aromas of charred oak and lush berries are the opening to this blend of 72% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Carmenère and 8% Cabernet Franc. Moderately bold acidity and firm tannins lend energy and structure to the palate, while this tastes of blackberry, cassis and spicy oak. A slightly hot finish with a lot of wood spice is the closing act. Drink through 2021."	Catalina	91	50				Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2014 Catalina Red	Red Blend	Santa Ema
US	"A good Sauvignon Blanc, clean and crisp, with slightly sweet lemon, lime and vanilla flavors, brightened by zesty acidity. Easy to drink with roast chicken."		85	15	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Markham 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Markham
France	"This ripe, pineapple- and peach-flavored wine has a soft texture, hints of vanilla and light acidity. It is rounded, full in the mouth and with a light textured aftertaste. Drink now."	Homage to Heritage	85	14	Burgundy	Mâcon-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Trenel Fils 2014 Homage to Heritage  (Mâcon-Villages)	Chardonnay	Trenel Fils
US	"Some green, veggie aromas and flavors compromise this Syrah. Otherwise, it's dry and smoothly tannic, with red currant, cola and pepper notes."	Estate Grown	84	24	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Buttonwood Farm 2010 Estate Grown Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Buttonwood Farm
France	"Light, bright and fresh, this wine is ready to drink. Crisp apple and lemon flavors are lifted by tangy acidity. Juicy and very fruity it has a perfumed aftertaste."		86	24	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Daniel Reverdy et Fils 2014  Sancerre	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Daniel Reverdy et Fils
Chile	"Mild, powdery and innocuous on the nose, this boxed wine is dilute and citrusy in the mouth, with tart orange and lime flavors."		80	25	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Black Box 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Black Box
France	"Structured, concentrated, a wine that shows power from both fruit and tannins. The opulent strawberry flavors are paralleled by firm, dry tannins. As the combination comes together, this will become a glorious wine."		95	164	Burgundy	Charmes-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2008  Charmes-Chambertin	Pinot Noir	Joseph Drouhin
South Africa	"This opens with attractive earthy aromas of forest floor, cola, vanilla bean and toasted spice, grounded in a core of red currant, cherry and raspberry fruit. The medium-weight mouthfeel is lush and seductive, with fine yet structured tannins that result in a satiny texture. Pure fruit flavors dominate the palate, but the finish is layered with notes of white pepper, tea leaf and woody spice. Approachable now, but will age well through 2020."		93	46	Hemel en Aarde			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Hamilton Russell 2012 Pinot Noir (Hemel en Aarde)	Pinot Noir	Hamilton Russell
US	"Lots of raisins, prunes and heavy baking spice show on the nose of this single-vineyard bottling, as well as hints of black pepper and shredded asphalt. Exotic figs and prunes also make an appearance on the palate, which is framed by a decent tannic grip."	Fitzpatrick Vineyard	87	46	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Leoness 2013 Fitzpatrick Vineyard Syrah (Temecula Valley)	Syrah	Leoness
US	"Multifaceted and sophisticated, this nearly dry Riesling packs in crisp apple and ripe peach notes. Deft balance and a lingering finish mean there's a lot to like."		90	20	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Navarro 2012 Riesling (Anderson Valley)	Riesling	Navarro
US	"This is a succulent and structured wine that's priced fairly and a crowd-pleaser to boot, a blend of grenadine, raspberry and currant that's soft and smooth on the palate with a restrained use of oak."		90	24	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Folie à Deux 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Folie à Deux
US	"Predominantly Syrah (80%) with Petite Sirah and Viognier, this wine conveys raspberries, cherries, flowers, black pepper and dark coffee. It's lighter in style with lip-smacking fruit and barrel flavors."	Amatino	87	22	Idaho			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Fujishin 2012 Amatino Red	Red Blend	Fujishin
Italy	"Structured and savory, this opens with aromas of prune, baked plum and cake spice. The full-bodied palate doles out ripe black cherry, raisin, white pepper and mocha accompanied by round, chewy tannins. It closes on a licorice note."		91	80	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tommasi 2012  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	Tommasi
US	"Brisk, citrusy acidity is the best thing about this wine, giving it a clean, tingly mouthfeel. The palate offers jammy flavors of apricot and mango that finish on a candied note."	La Cruz Vineyard	85	30	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Keller Estate 2010 La Cruz Vineyard Pinot Gris (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Gris	Keller Estate
US	"This is a light, simple Pinot Noir. It's not quite ripe, with a mushroomy edge to the cherries, cola and rhubarb. At the same time, it's silky, and fine for drinking now."	Diamond Collection	84	18	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Francis Coppola 2011 Diamond Collection Pinot Noir (Monterey County)	Pinot Noir	Francis Coppola
Spain	"Herbal to the max, with strong bell pepper and pimiento aromas. It feels clacky, with salty, herbal flavors of blackberry and dark plum. Warm almost to the point of being hot on the finish, with burnt notes as well as acidic zip."	Ennak Criança	83	22	Catalonia	Terra Alta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Jordi Miró 2008 Ennak Criança Red (Terra Alta)	Red Blend	Jordi Miró
Australia	"In the crowd-pleasing style that is the hallmark of the brand, this good value bottling shows bold vanilla and coconut aromas overlaying strawberry and cherry fruit. Raspberry coulis dominates the palate which offers just the faintest tannic grip. For near-term consumption."	The Reserve	86	11	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia				Yellow Tail 2006 The Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (South Eastern Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Yellow Tail
US	"The aromas are brooding, with notes of ash, raw meat, smoke, herb, stem, blood orange and mineral. The palate brings a sense of freshness to the generous savory flavors, showing a bit of tannic heft on the finish that should settle with additional time in the bottle."	En Cerise Vineyard	93	85	Oregon	Walla Walla Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cayuse 2014 En Cerise Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (OR))	Syrah	Cayuse
Italy	"White flower, stone fruit, apple and bread crust aromas lead the nose. The fresh palate offers up yellow peach, candied lemon and hints of clove and white pepper alongside a vivacious perlage and brisk acidity."	Blanc de Noir Brut	89	42	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Majolini NV Blanc de Noir Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Majolini
US	"Pressed apple and pear notes are accented by hints of cinnamon and clove in this fresh, approachable wine. It's ripe and rounded but balanced by a kick of lemon-lime acidity that lingers through the finish."		87	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Coffee Pot Cellars 2014 Chardonnay (North Fork of Long Island)	Chardonnay	Coffee Pot Cellars
Chile	"A strong whiff of tomato leaf and herbs leads a stewy bouquet. This is tight in feel, with tomatoey acidity. Herbal red-berry flavors are matched by cherry tomato and oregano, while the finish is wiry in feel, with a green note. This is 55% Cabernet Sauvignon, 25% Carmenère and 20% Syrah."	Ona Special Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon-Carmenere-Syrah	86	19	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Anakena 2011 Ona Special Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon-Carmenere-Syrah Red (Cachapoal Valley)	Red Blend	Anakena
US	"Quite yellow in the glass, this bottling shows cohesive and familiar aromas of buttered toast, jasmine, orange marmalade, sandalwood and smoke on the nose. The palate packs lemon and butter together with walnut oil, proving quite rich and even heavy at times."	Logan Sleepy Hollow Vineyard	88	28	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talbott 2015 Logan Sleepy Hollow Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Talbott
Portugal	This is a rounded smooth wine. It does have a crisp edge of red currants and acidity but the main flavor comes from the ripe red-berry fruits and touch of caramel. Drink the wine now.	Herdade de São Miguel Colheita Seleccionada	86	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas 2016 Herdade de São Miguel Colheita Seleccionada Rosé (Alentejano)	Rosé	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas
US	"From the oldest block of the estate's Seven Hills Vineyard, this pure Cabernet opens with intense aromas of mountain fruit. Bramble, light herb, cement, black cherry and cassis combine in a polished, elegant wine that probes deeply into the palate. Flavors abound—cassis, coffee, licorice and more."	Seven Hills Vineyard	95	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	L'Ecole No. 41 2008 Seven Hills Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	L'Ecole No. 41
US	"From the fine Spring Mountain appellation, this has sweet-and-sour flavors of apricots, pineapples and brown sugar."		82	29	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Keenan 2006 Chardonnay (Spring Mountain District)	Chardonnay	Keenan
US	"With some blackberry, cassis and oak flavors, this is a pretty good wine. It's a little green, and the acidity is sharp. Drink up."		85	15	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Edna Valley Vineyard 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Edna Valley Vineyard
Spain	"This bears some similarities to its Petit Verdot sibling reviewed here, but is not as well-realized. The red berry fruit wears a hint of sourness, showing a green, under-ripe quality that detracts. It's slightly weightier than its stable-mate, but lags behind it in flavor and finesse. —M.M."	Dominio de Valdepusa	84	28	Central Spain	Vino da Mesa de Toledo				Marques de Griñon 1999 Dominio de Valdepusa Cabernet Sauvignon (Vino da Mesa de Toledo)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Marques de Griñon
US	"There's a lot to admire in this robust wine, from its soft, muddled layers of spicy cinnamon to its well-hewn bursts of black licorice and blackberry. While full-bodied and brooding, it drinks with elegance and a brightness of red fruit on the finish."	Knotty Vines	90	25	California	Northern Sonoma	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rodney Strong 2013 Knotty Vines Zinfandel (Northern Sonoma)	Zinfandel	Rodney Strong
US	"The fifth vintage from this cool site near Annapolis, the wine is spicy, creamy and on the fuller-bodied end of the spectrum, aromatically rich in baked strawberry and raspberry. Resolved tannins and integrated oak make for a seamless experience, the wine clean, composed and crisp on the finish."	Ridgetop Vineyard	93	59	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sojourn 2013 Ridgetop Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sojourn
US	"This wine is a blend of Merlot (58%), Cabernet Franc (22%), Cabernet Sauvignon (15%) and Petit Verdot. Brooding aromas of cherry, blackberry, wood spice, anise and bittersweet chocolate lead to dry, incredibly tightly wound tannins. It needs significant time in the cellar to soften a bit. Don't go near it until 2025 unless you give it an extended decant."	Epinette	91	95	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Force Majeure 2014 Epinette Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Force Majeure
Spain	"Yeasty, bready notes blend with nectarine and baked apple aromas in front of a round, layered palate. This offers a complex set of flavors that include yeasty bread, baked apple and citrus fruits. On the finish, leesy richness is cut by a streak of sea brine and nectarine."	Milesimé Brut Reserva	89	22	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps 2011 Milesimé Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Juvé y Camps
France	"This is a firm wine that will take time to show its best. When it does, it should reveals a solid texture, juicy fruitiness and attractive acidity. Wait until 2015."		87	16	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Goëlane 2011  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Goëlane
France	"This is certainly powerful, maybe too much so. It has all the richness and density of ripe and perfumed Malbec, solid with structure, with dark plums and enormous concentration. It is 100% Malbec, aged in new French oak barrels, fulfilling the brand's theme of “one family, one terroir, one grape.” No question, this is a wine to age. Drink from 2020."	Expression	93	42	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lamartine 2011 Expression Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Lamartine
US	"This ambitious, impressively structured wine will appeal to those who run from wines made in the fruit-bomb style. The subdued nose has earthy notes, while the palate is all about minerals and green pepper. A year or two in the cellar will allow the grippy tannins to integrate."	Viridescens	84	46	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes			Red Newt Cellars 2005 Viridescens Red (Finger Lakes)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Red Newt Cellars
US	"A big, thick, massive Cabernet, impressive for sheer volume. Yet it's very tannic and dry. Deep down inside is an intense core of concentrated blackberry essence, coated in smoky new oak. This feels dramatic and important, but nowhere near ready. Give it eight years in the cellar."	Christopher's	94	100	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Stonestreet 2009 Christopher's Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stonestreet
Chile	"Aromas of fresh-cut grass, citrus peel and yeasty dust are typical of the Casablanca region. A round mouthfeel offers proper acidic cut, while flavors of grapefruit, lime and bell pepper finish green but fresh."	Cefiro Reserva	86	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2014 Cefiro Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Viña Casablanca
US	A bit of charred wood and black pepper in the aroma give way to lush berry and cherry flavors that spread across the palate and cling to the sides of the mouth. This wine is lightly oaky and has an attractive richness that lasts on the finish.		85	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Gnarly Head 2015 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Gnarly Head
US	"A slightly earthy aroma leads to lean citrus aromas, attractive kiwi and apple flavors and a somewhat tangy texture. Overall it is light-bodied and modest in flavor."	Blue Quail	84	15	California	Potter Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	McFadden 2014 Blue Quail Sauvignon Blanc (Potter Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	McFadden
US	"Earthy, spicy and big-boned in rich tones of ripe black cherry, licorice and mocha, the wine is fully developed in weight, well-integrated in tannins and hearty, with plenty of power and mouthfilling fruit."	Toboni Vineyard	90	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gary Farrell 2012 Toboni Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Gary Farrell
US	"Dry and tannic, but a bit raw and hard in the mouth, and doesn't seem to be an ager. You'll find modest flavors of black currants, cherries and cola. Drink now."		85	32	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Silverado 2005 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Silverado
US	"A gorgeous aroma like roses and blackberries meets richly concentrated and ripe black-fruit flavors in this full-bodied, luxuriously textured wine. While extremely ripe and bold, the wine is also smooth and voluptuous, balanced out by silky tannins that keep the mouthfeel lively and fresh sip after sip."	Old Vine Rinaldi Vineyard	95	30	California	Fiddletown	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Easton 2014 Old Vine Rinaldi Vineyard Zinfandel (Fiddletown)	Zinfandel	Easton
Germany	"While dry in style, S.A. Prüm's 2005 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Old Vines showcases the staggering ripeness and richness of the vintage with super concentrated flavors of peach preserve and caramel. It's round, rich and textured on the palate, with a lush orange acidity and hints of saffron, fennel and spice that linger on the finish."	Wehlener Sonnenuhr Old Vines Dry	92	47	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		S.A. Prüm 2005 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Old Vines Dry Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	S.A. Prüm
US	"Soft, sweet and robust, with upfront cherry pie, red currant and plum flavors. Lots of spices, too, ranging from cinnamon and anise to black pepper. Easy to like this Cab with a juicy filet mignon."		87	15	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Greg Norman California Estates 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Greg Norman California Estates
Portugal	"This blend of Touriga Nacional and Castelão has produced an impressive wine that is packed with rich tannins and a dark brooding structure. Intense acidity cuts through the rich, powerful texture to give a fresh aftertaste. It is still young, so drink from 2018."	Terras do Anjo Tinto	93	30	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Pinto 2012 Terras do Anjo Tinto Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Pinto
France	"The nose shows restrained citrus and a slightly lifted, very slightly aromatic touch of conifer. The palate is taut and slender, presenting sober, clean citrus flavors. This stands upright and has a wonderful backbone of freshness. I feel it will have more to give in the future. It's refreshing now and promising in the future. The finish is so subtly fruited that this will be worth the wait. Drink now through 2030."		92	34	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Trimbach 2014 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Trimbach
Argentina	"More floral and blueberry driven than Bousquet's regular Merlot from '07 but not discernibly better or worse. The palate is round and the balance and feel are good. Flavors of floral blueberry follow the bouquet, and the finish shows a dash of sweet berry syrup and chocolate."	Reserva	86	17	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaine Jean Bousquet 2007 Reserva Merlot (Tupungato)	Merlot	Domaine Jean Bousquet
France	"A textured wine, this has ripe fruit that still shows a green, herbal character. It has weight and a ripe black-currant flavor, plus juicy acidity and soft tannins. Ready to drink."	Maison Magrez	84	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bernard Magrez 2010 Maison Magrez  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Bernard Magrez
Romania	"An aromatic, fruity nose and balanced fruity/floral flavors recommend this elegant Chardonnay from Recas. Good minerality and acid and a lingering finish add to the appeal. Pair with poultry, pork."		85	8	Recas			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Cramele Recas 2008 Chardonnay (Recas)	Chardonnay	Cramele Recas
US	"Tempting oaky aromas and flavors in this full-bodied and tannic wine run the gamut from clove to nutmeg to cinnamon and wood smoke, backed by low-key dark-fruit flavors. It's a nicely built, complex and satisfying wine."		88	17	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Succulent Vineyards 2013 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Succulent Vineyards
US	"From estate vineyards and winemaker Celia Welch Masyczek, a gorgeous Cabernet with the kind of tannin structure you expect from a great vintage in Napa Valley. Deep, impressive flavors of blackcurrants, but it's pretty tannic now and requires up to a decade to soften. At today's prices, this one is a relative bargain."		92	25	California	Yountville	Napa			H. Gray 1999 Cabernet Sauvignon (Yountville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	H. Gray
Chile	"Early aromas of stalky, herbal berry fruits set up a palate with peppery, herbal flavors of cassis and berry. This is earthy and a touch green on the finish, with notes of fine herbs and oak."	Axel	87	20	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Playa 2012 Axel Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	La Playa
Italy	"Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Merlot, this opens with aromas of black-skinned berry, underbrush and cooking spice. The savory palate offers black currant, clove and a whiff of white pepper alongside smooth tannins. Enjoy soon."		88	17	Central Italy	Romagna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Condé 2015 Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Condé
France	"The heavy bottle leaves little doubt that this is the top wine from Château Eugénie. Inside is an impressive, beautifully balanced wine. It has new-wood mint flavors, with still young fruit. In 4–5 years, this will be at its peak"	Haute Collection	93	40	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Eugénie 2008 Haute Collection Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Eugénie
US	"This wine, which includes 17% Mourvèdre and 8% Grenache, is a blend of fruit from Arianses, Stone Tree, Ciel du Cheval and Heart of the Hill vineyards. Baking spice, vanilla, dark fruit and cocoa aromas lead to ripe, generous black fruit flavors. It's a bold, hedonistic interpretation of the variety, with oak playing a prominent role."		88	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	:Nota Bene 2013 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	:Nota Bene
US	"With Pinot Noir, texture is everything, and this lovely wine is pure silk and satin. That makes it drinkable now, with its pretty flavors of raspberries, cherries, cola, cinnamon butter and sandalwood. But it's also tannicly tough, with a sandpapery scour. Seems like it should mellow over the next 3–4 years, although not much beyond that."	Kanzler Vineyard	92	65	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Landmark 2008 Kanzler Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Landmark
Chile	"There's a funky, strange quality to San Pedro's high-end 2008 Syrahs from Elqui. Like the Kankana ultrapremium bottling, this wine is jammy and exotic smelling, with mulchy notes, rubber and horsey aromas. It's chunky and full in the mouth, with prune, vanilla and canned asparagus flavors. Has the weight and density but smells and tastes too odd to rate higher."	1865 Limited Edition	85	25	Elqui Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Pedro 2008 1865 Limited Edition Syrah (Elqui Valley)	Syrah	San Pedro
US	"Old vines from Russian River and Alexander valleys go into this spicy, briary, gamy Zin. There's a dark undercurrent of tar, pipe tobacco and smoke that runs through the finish. The fruit is subsumed to clove and tobacco flavors; best with strongly spiced grilled foods."	Old Vines	87	18	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rodney Strong 1997 Old Vines Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Rodney Strong
US	"Lush and aromatic, with ripe pear and melon fruit, sweet spices and a streak of vanilla. The 20% new oak seems just right, and the flavors persist through a seductively long finish."	SV Estate	91	28	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Stoller 2009 SV Estate Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Stoller
Italy	"Dried black cherry, pressed violet, tilled soil nutmeg and chopped herb aromas lead the nose on this big, bold red. The round, enveloping palate doles out dried plum, raspberry compote, licorice and black pepper alongside velvety tannins that lend it a polished feel."		92	67	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	I Saltari 2008  Amarone della Valpolicella	Red Blend	I Saltari
US	"Here's a sophisticated Syrah, elegant enough to drink with fine meat and poultry dishes. It's completely dry and rich in tannins, with complex blackberry, leather, pepper and sandalwood flavors. If it had more concentration it would be an ager. Drink now–2013."	Lily Hill Estate	89	40	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Bella 2008 Lily Hill Estate Syrah (Dry Creek Valley)	Syrah	Bella
Chile	"Smoky, roasted aromas of blackberry, cassis and graphite introduce a thick, layered, meaty palate that's well balanced despite being overtly ripe and generous. Flavors of toasty, blackened spice, lush blackberry and cassis finish rich, smoky and warming. Drink this benchmark Chilean Malbec through 2020."	Viu 1	93	70	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viu Manent 2011 Viu 1 Malbec (Colchagua Valley)	Malbec	Viu Manent
France	"Still with its tannins intact, this is a firm wine with as much dry structure as fruit. It will need time for that structure to soften, giving a wine that will remain firm, which is typical for the vintage. The acidity gives the wine a lift at the end."		90	35	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut-Cardinal 2011  Saint-Émilion	Merlot	Château Haut-Cardinal
Chile	"Earthy blackberry aromas come with a leafy note and rusticity. The palate on this Cabernet Sauvignon-led blend is crimped and pinched, with linear flavors of boysenberry and herbs. On the finish, this tastes a bit green, with blueberry sweetness helping to balance things off."	Elements Cabernet Sauvignon-Petit Verdot-Carignan-Carmenere	88	30	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Echeverria 2012 Elements Cabernet Sauvignon-Petit Verdot-Carignan-Carmenere Red (Central Valley)	Red Blend	Echeverria
Italy	"This spicy rosso has plum and pepper aromas that carry over onto the palate, along with a hint of licorice. It's linear, lively and fresh. Pair it with pasta topped with spicy tomato sauces or not too seasoned cheeses."		86	17	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Ciarliana 2010  Rosso di Montepulciano	Red Blend	La Ciarliana
US	"This is very crisply defined, with sculpted fruit flavors of cranberry and raspberry. The wine was aged for 15 months in once-filled barrels, which still add a touch of toast to the flavors. The acids are proportionate and immersive, meaning that they do not intrude, but they support the overall structure beautifully."	Articulate	92	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lundeen 2012 Articulate Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lundeen
France	"This comes from one of the Premier Crus that line the lower slopes of the hill of Corton. It has weight, richness and a densely tannic character that promises aging. Its packed red fruits are cut with juicy acidity as well as a firmer structure and dark-berry flavors. This finely perfumed wine needs to age, so drink from 2018."	Les Moutottes Premier Cru	92	45	Burgundy	Aloxe-Corton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Capitain-Gagnerot 2013 Les Moutottes Premier Cru  (Aloxe-Corton)	Pinot Noir	Capitain-Gagnerot
US	"Dry, creamy and crisp in acidity, this has rich pineapple, lemon, lime and buttered toast flavors. It's easy to drink and enjoy."		88	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Martin Ray 2011 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Martin Ray
France	"There is a touch of smoke and stone that lends a darker aspect to the ripe but crisp apple fruit. The palate has that same taut but very full-fruited feel—of very tightly held ample fruit reminiscent of red-cheeked, aromatic apples. This is both powerful and svelte. The palate is dry and finishes very clean, leaving you with haunting apple notes and fresh lemon."	Kirchberg de Barr Grand Cru	93	38	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Vincent Stoeffler 2014 Kirchberg de Barr Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Vincent Stoeffler
Italy	"Packaged in an elegant bottle with a squarish-squat shape, this pretty Rosé sparkler opens with aromas of Granny Smith apple, citrus and a touch of sweet peach. The perlage is tonic and steely and would pair with spicy Indian samosas."	Otello Rosè Extra Dry	85	19	Central Italy	Emilia				Cantine Ceci 2012 Otello Rosè Extra Dry Sparkling (Emilia)	Sparkling Blend	Cantine Ceci
Argentina	"Lightly tropical, with peach, citrus and pineapple aromas. The palate offers mostly sharp citrus flavors of lime and orange, and the finish holds onto that theme."		83	6	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Funky Llama 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Mendoza)	Sauvignon Blanc	Funky Llama
New Zealand	"Ripe and round in style, this large-production (almost 100,000 cases) Sauvignon Blanc may lack a bit of length, but otherwise offers a lush mouthful of stone and tropical fruit accented by modestly grassy notes."	Vicar's Choice	87	18	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Saint Clair 2011 Vicar's Choice Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Saint Clair
US	"This red aims for smoothness and easy drinkability. It smells like black plums, tastes medium-bodied, slightly sweet, and has a touch of tannin to balance it out. One of many new brands produced at the Terravant Wine Co."		85	23	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Last Judgment 2011 Red (California)	Red Blend	Last Judgment
Moldova	"This blend of Rara Neagra, Malbec and Syrah has espresso, mocha and raspberry scents. It offers smoked meat, tart cherry and black plum flavors before the softly tannic finish."	Indvido	89	15	Moldova			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Château Vartely 2015 Indvido Red (Moldova)	Red Blend	Château Vartely
France	"Honey and nougat scents cling to the plum notes on the nose. The palate comes across as fresh and almost dainty, fizzing with delicate citrus flavours at first. Then, the backdrop of yeast and autolysis becomes apparent. The finish presents lemon freshness and is beautifully dry."	Brut	89	25	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Gustave Lorentz NV Brut Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Gustave Lorentz
Italy	"Aromas of wild berry, crushed aromatic herb and a whiff of dark spice slowly take shape in the glass. On the firm linear palate, tight youthfully austere tannins support tart sour cherry, cranberry, anise and freshly ground clove. This still needs a few years to fully open and develop. Drink 2022–2032."	Villero	92	113	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mascarello Giuseppe e Figlio 2012 Villero  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Mascarello Giuseppe e Figlio
US	"Young and fresh in citrusy acidity, with forward fruit flavors of cherries, raspberries, pomegranates, cola, bacon and sweet oak. Good and dry and silky, but immature."	Stony Point Vineyards	90	35	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			James Family Cellars 2007 Stony Point Vineyards Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	James Family Cellars
US	"Sourced from several different Dundee Hills vineyards, this wraps its black cherry fruit in tart acids, chalky minerals, and a hint of iron. Substantial, muscular and stiff out of the bottle, it will blossom with further bottle age. It's already a sturdy, expressive, impressive wine with deep flavors of fruit, earth and rock."	Dundee Hills Cuvée	92	39	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Christopher 2012 Dundee Hills Cuvée Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	J. Christopher
US	"From a famed old site planted to 75% Zinfandel and 25% mixed black-skinned varieties, this wine conveys a minty-eucalyptus quality that tunes the acidity high against a medium-weight body. Austere at first on the palate, it expands as it goes, offering robust, dry tannins and layers of cardamom and coffee with time and air."	Old Hill	90	60	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ravenswood 2012 Old Hill Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Ravenswood
US	"This is not a successful Sleepy Hollow Vineyard bottling. The cold vintage took its toll, resulting in a wine whose cherry and tart cranberry flavors are cut through with a streak of green veggies. Drink up."	Sleepy Hollow Vineyard	82	42	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Talbott 2011 Sleepy Hollow Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Talbott
Spain	"Values from Spain are becoming less common than they were a few years back, so hail this nicely made Tempranillo that delivers tons of ripe fruit, purity and drinkability. It's nothing difficult or complex; instead it is dark, chewy and pounds you with ripe black-fruit flavors. A mouthfilling, fully ripe wine with a modest upside but no faults."		88	12	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Antigua 2005 Tempranillo (La Mancha)	Tempranillo	Finca Antigua
Chile	"Briny citrus, green melon, bell pepper and grassy aromas are 100% coastal Chile. This has a citrusy yet round palate that's lively but not overtly complex. Salty, briny flavors of lime and white grapefruit ride through the finish."	Specialties	88	18	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2014 Specialties Sauvignon Blanc (San Antonio)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Carolina
US	"Rich and ripe, this intense wine is verging into tropical land with pineapple and mango, plus an overreaching expression of oak and vanilla. It offers medium- to full-bodied weight and a big finish."		86	27	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Matrix 2012 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Matrix
US	"Blended from Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Zinfandel and Syrah, this is a complex wine. Very dry and marked by young, aggressive tannins, it strikes you as dramatic, offering waves of fruit, mineral, spice and oak flavors that carry onto the long, sweet finish. With its tannins, give it until 2015."	Explorer The Illegitimate	92	37	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Château Potelle 2009 Explorer The Illegitimate Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Château Potelle
Italy	"Here's a bright and easy-drinking wine made from Trebbiano, Passerina and Pecorino grapes. It has sensations of acacia flower, lemon and peach alongside vibrant acidity."		85	18	Central Italy	Falerio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Collevite 2012 White (Falerio)	White Blend	Collevite
New Zealand	"Some oak adds butter, vanilla and cream to the nose, and then melon, banana and citrus come on in spades on the palate. The barrel influence provides a fine mouthfeel, and the finish is properly acidic, tangy and eminently clean. Even with the oak, this is a sure thing with shellfish."	Reserve	88	15	Hawke's Bay					Mills Reef 2001 Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Hawke's Bay)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mills Reef
US	"An appellation wine that's affordable and instantly likable, this has strong forest and mushroom elements, seeming at once rustic and sophisticated. Cranberry and orange tones add brightness to the savory character, framed by fine tannins."		90	35	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Siduri 2015 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
US	"This négociant wine, made at a large custom crush facility in Mattawa, Washington, shows traces of the crisp fruit and lively flair of more substantial efforts. But it feels a little faded, and falls a little flat. Not bad, just vin ordinaire."		84	9	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Pacific Flyway 2009 Riesling (Washington)	Riesling	Pacific Flyway
US	"Zesty, full-bodied and expansive on the palate, this is a wine that comes around in time, in the glass and in the bottle or decanter. Briny and dancing a fine line between brawn and beauty, it paints a picture of classic green and yellow apple and subtle vanilla spice, with a tropical flirtation happening in the background. Structured, it should cellar well, through 2020."	Zio Tony Ranch	90	65	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Patz & Hall 2012 Zio Tony Ranch Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Patz & Hall
France	"This is a bright-fruited wine with lively acidity and apple flavors. It has a creamy texture, a touch of spice and a lemon zest aftertaste. Drink now."		86	22	Burgundy	Viré-Clessé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Trenel Fils 2012  Viré-Clessé	Chardonnay	Trenel Fils
Germany	"Manfred Prüm's 2009 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Kabinett is a bit bigger than usual, and perhaps a bit drier as well at 9% abv, but it still displays hallmark notes of slate, lime and apple. Fruit, mineral and gingery spice notes linger on the finish."	Wehlener Sonnenuhr Kabinett	90	37	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Joh. Jos. Prüm 2009 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Joh. Jos. Prüm
Italy	"Aromas include ripe red and black fruit, spice, mint, espresso and oak. The palate is extremely soft and forward, showing mature black plum, toast, coffee and vanilla extract alongside evolved tannins. Reflecting the hot vintage, it lacks energy for the long term so enjoy over the next few years."		87	80	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Polo 2009  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	San Polo
Italy	"This Merlot, Cab Sauvignon and Sangioveto blend is a bit thorny and sharp because high notes of black peppercorn, cola and pine forest seem to rise above the wine's natural fruit."	Poggio alla Guardia	86	24	Tuscany	Maremma				Rocca di Frassinello 2004 Poggio alla Guardia  (Maremma)	Red Blend	Rocca di Frassinello
US	"There's a honeyed note to this wine, yet it's crisp in acidity, giving it a mouthwatering savoriness for drinking now. The flavors veer toward Asian pears, peaches and tart gooseberries."	Le Pich	86	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Purlieu 2012 Le Pich Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Purlieu
US	"Laced with baked apples, ginger and savory spices, there's something unique about the nose on this off-dry Riesling. On the palate, honeyed apples and pears combine with a tart lemon-lime acidity and a hint of bitterness on the finish."		87	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Keuka Spring 2009 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Keuka Spring
US	"A nice, drily crisp Sauvignon Blanc that needs food to show it off. It's tart now, with Meyer lemon and pink grapefruit flavors and a steely, minerally undertow. Feels elegant and clean. Nice with bruschetta topped with grilled veggies and goat cheese."		88	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Envy 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Envy
US	"This 100% varietal wine from the producer's prized estate vineyard is soft textured and full bodied—an exploration of leather, blackberry pie, coffee and cigar. With its long, black pepper-inflected finish, it's ready for steak."	Patriarch Winston Hill Vineyard	91	225	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frank Family 2014 Patriarch Winston Hill Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frank Family
US	"Smooth and complex, this is dry and softly tannic, with pleasant blackberry, black currant, spice and cedar flavors. Ready to drink now."		88	18	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Louis M. Martini 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Louis M. Martini
US	"Perhaps a bit more time in barrel differentiates this from the equally-good Reserve. This is a smooth, supple, deeply-fruited wine, loaded with layers of black cherry, cola and sandalwood. Milk chocolatey tannins roll through the finish, smooth as silk, lingering and luscious."	RR Ridgecrest Vineyards	93	69	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2010 RR Ridgecrest Vineyards Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Chehalem
Ukraine	"This has aromas of white flowers, especially honeysuckle, and flavors of lemon custard, guava and lemon rind. The finish is rounded yet crisp."	Reserve	88	9	Ukraine			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Koblevo NV Reserve Riesling (Ukraine)	Riesling	Koblevo
US	"Forward and open, this has chocolaty, brambly raspberry fruit, along with pleasant hints of tobacco, vanilla and caramel. It glides through the palate smoothly, finishing with an elegant touch of stem, from 15% whole cluster fermentation."	Latchkey Vineyard	91	50	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Purple Hands 2014 Latchkey Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Purple Hands
US	"A floral and cedary aroma leads to rich fruit and dark chocolate flavors. This wine has full body, a smooth, rounded texture and good complexity from the intermingled spice, plum and oak nuances."		90	38	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	En Garde 2012 Tempranillo (El Dorado)	Tempranillo	En Garde
Italy	"This classic Barolo reveals ripe dark fruit and earth aromas, and hints of orange peel and herbs. The palate is still closed, but you can detect ripe fruit, spice and mint notes. It has bracing but fine tannins, and promises to open up in a few more years."	Rocchettevino	91	65	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ciabot Berton 2009 Rocchettevino  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ciabot Berton
US	"A light orange-pink in color, this blend of 51% Grenache, 24% Carignan, 14% Cinsault, 5% Mourvèdre, 4% Counoise and 2% Syrah shows tangy peach, quince, red apple and tropical bubblegum on the nose. There is tremendous tension on the sip, with grippy cement minerality and fresh, brisk flavors of tangerine, light strawberry and lemon."		90	20	California	Adelaida District	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Adelaida 2015 Rosé (Adelaida District)	Rosé	Adelaida
US	"From a Pinot Noir specialist in the heart of the Russian River Valley, this white is equal parts floral and fruity, shy and dry, with a succulent layering of lime, grapefruit and fig. A medium level of acidity wraps itself around a viscous core, keeping the wine fresh on the palate. It's the right kind of weighty, finishing with ginger and honey."	Estate Grown Estate Bottled	90	18	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Balletto 2013 Estate Grown Estate Bottled Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	Balletto
US	"This Merlot is soft, simple and seemingly sweet in fruit and oak. With ripe cherry, mocha and spice flavors, it will partner well with a cheeseburger."		85	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Buena Vista 2010 Merlot (Sonoma County)	Merlot	Buena Vista
US	"Disjointed, sharp, astringent and thin, this shows little of the varietal character usually associated with grapes from the outstanding Destiny Ridge vineyard. There's a whiff of funk in the nose, but only tart, generic and unripe fruit in the mouth."	The Dweller	82	24	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Heaven's Cave 2008 The Dweller Syrah (Horse Heaven Hills)	Syrah	Heaven's Cave
France	"Oak aging has added layers of vanilla and cinnamon, clove and menthol to this wine's ample black cherry fruit. There's a velvety plushness unusual for Crozes-Hermitage, but it adds welcome dimension to the finish."	Oratorio	91	36	Rhône Valley	Crozes-Hermitage		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ogier 2013 Oratorio  (Crozes-Hermitage)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Ogier
US	"Wow. Black Kite's River Turn, one of of its three annual block designates, is invigoratingly inviting, a heady mix of floral cherry pie, bright, full and ripe with a balanced backbone of acidity and a gentle hint of gingerbread. This wine is ready to enjoy this second, but if you can help yourself, it'll also hold up for several years in the cellar and no matter when you decide to drink it, pair exquisitely with a range of deftly mannered food."	River Turn	95	55	California	Anderson Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Kite 2010 River Turn Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Black Kite
US	"While big and brawny in style, this Pinot still maintains good balance. The aromas resemble toasty, spicy oak, with cranberry and dark cherry notes. The flavors echo the nose and are vivid due to lively acidity and a firm layer of tannins."		88	16	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Replica 2014 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Replica
Portugal	"This jammy, fruity offering tastes as though it were made from overripe fruit. Its light structure offers acidity and a Port-like character. Not for aging."	QV Tinto	84	13	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de Ventozelo 2010 QV Tinto Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de Ventozelo
Spain	"Citrus and yeast aromas form the nose on this wine, which feels forward and bubbly, with some sizzle to the palate. Cherry, plum and nectarine flavors are good, and it finishes with vitality. This is sweet and flavorful stuff."	Cristalino Rosé Brut	84	10	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Jaume Serra NV Cristalino Rosé Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Jaume Serra
Chile	"While there are few varietal Tempranillos made in Chile, this one is mostly positive. On the nose, this is dark, with a chocolaty crust along with patented Los Lingues aromas of olive and herbs. A choppy palate is high in acidity, while flavors of heavy oak, vanilla and herbal plum finish peppery, spicy and scratchy in feel."	Royale	88	26	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Koyle 2013 Royale Tempranillo (Colchagua Valley)	Tempranillo	Koyle
US	"This Reserve is higher in alcohol, oakier and contains more Cabernet Sauvignon than Bello's regular '10 Cab. But, like its sibling, the wine is all elbows, with the black currant and dark chocolate flavors sticking out from the other parts. The wine should have no trouble negotiating the years. Try it in 2020."	Reserve	92	250	California	Rutherford	Napa			Bello Family Vineyards 2010 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bello Family Vineyards
France	"This ripe and fruity wine comes from Faiveley's wholly-owned vineyard in Mercurey. A touch of tannin gives structure to the cherry fruits and ripe acidity. It's a rounded wine to drink now, but better to age until 2015."	Clos de Myglands Premier Cru	90	45	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Faiveley 2011 Clos de Myglands Premier Cru  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Faiveley
South Africa	"A blend of 57% Cabernet Sauvignon, 14% Merlot, 13% Malbec, 11% Cabernet Franc and 5% Petit Verdot, this stunning, well-balanced wine will reward patience. Dark and dense, it's a powerful selection that boasts serious fruit concentration and a full, firm structure, with mouthcoating tannins. The black-fruit core is accented by notes of leather, fresh mint, pepper, char and bittersweet cocoa. Additional nuance and layers of complexity will develop with time; drink 2016-2020."	Fusion V	93	55	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	De Toren 2010 Fusion V Red (Stellenbosch)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	De Toren
Italy	"This has dill, minestrone soup, toast and chopped celery aromas. The lean, assertive palate shows oak, raw red fruit and a green note of powdered sage. Grainy tannins leave an astringent finish."	Starderi	86	130	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Spinetta 2014 Starderi  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	La Spinetta
France	"This is Chardonnay from the same region as Muscadet giving it a crisp salty character that has been filled out with some oak aging. The wine is ripe, spicy with a mineral character that comes from the granite soil. Drink now."	La Fruitière	86	15	Loire Valley	Val de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lieubeau 2015 La Fruitière Chardonnay (Val de Loire)	Chardonnay	Lieubeau
US	"An affordably priced wine brings meaty, peppery aromas, interesting fruit, spice and smoke flavors, and a mouthcoating texture. It is full bodied, complex and concentrated."	Crimson Republica de'California	90	17	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Stephen Vincent 2013 Crimson Republica de'California Red (California)	Red Blend	Stephen Vincent
US	"Light pepper, cassis and a hint of leather form the nose on this wine from a brand founded in 1994 specifically to deliver quality wines at affordable prices. The palate offers grilled meat and roasted root-vegetable flavors. Fairly gripping tannins mean that this wine could survive through 2017."		86	11	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Castle Rock 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castle Rock
US	"Ripe fruit flavors and a delicious spiciness combine to make this full-bodied but not very tannic wine easy to love. It smells like cherries and raspberries, tastes full but not sweet, and has a texture that spreads and softens on the palate like melting chocolate. It's made with 50% Zinfandel and almost equal parts Syrah, Carignane and Petite Sirah."	Coro Mendocino	90	40	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Ray's Station Vineyards 2012 Coro Mendocino Red (Mendocino)	Red Blend	Ray's Station Vineyards
Peru	"Radiator dust and Animal Cracker aromas are not typical of Sauvignon Blanc. On the palate, this opens with mild citric notes but quickly shifts to flatness. Pithy orange and apricot flavors finish yeasty, with a distant hint of citrus zest."	Valle del Sol	84	14	Ica			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Intipalka 2014 Valle del Sol Sauvignon Blanc (Ica)	Sauvignon Blanc	Intipalka
Italy	"Loaded with personality and special distinguishing qualities, this blend of Nocera, Nerello Mascalese and Nerello Cappuccio is a wine for those interested in Italy's indigenous grapes. The bouquet is complex and layered with notes of bramble, forest berry, cassis, cola, dried ginger and green curry. The mouthful is tight, structured and streamlined."		92	65	Sicily & Sardinia	Faro				Palari 2009  Faro	Red Blend	Palari
US	"This is a heavy, full-bodied wine, with the weight of a Rhône variety, perhaps Grenache. Purists will criticize it for lacking the elegance you want in an expensive Pinot Noir. It's dry and tannic, with deep flavors of red currants, cherries, licorice, Canadian bacon and peppery spices. Could develop in the bottle, but it's risky."	Lone Oak Vineyard	88	55	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Firefly Night 2008 Lone Oak Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Firefly Night
Argentina	"Black currant and plum aromas come with a defined streak of minty green. The palate, meanwhile, feels boxed in by tannic grip. Flavors of prune, mint and herbal berry lead to an edgy finish with the flavors of carob and herbs."	Reserva	86	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ruca Malen 2008 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ruca Malen
US	"Rich in oak barrel and caramel vanilla, this presents plenty of pear and lemon, even lemon meringue flavors. Ample acidity adds brightness, making this a good match for mussels or roast chicken."		87	25	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Orfila 2011 Chardonnay (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Chardonnay	Orfila
US	"The herb, violet, red fruit and mineral aromas start out light, with earth, smoked meat and black pepper notes lurking in the background. The fruit and savory flavors coat the palate with a pillowy soft texture, displaying an exquisite sense of balance. It's hard to put the glass down but a grilled peppercorn steak pairing demands it."	The Deuce	93	54	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gramercy 2013 The Deuce Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Gramercy
US	"The second release from this impressive new project is a touch lighter than the previous vintage, but just as well built. Blending grapes from four different sub-AVAs, this shows a sleek and detailed mix of fruit—strawberry, plum and cherry—married to just the right amount of new French oak (one third of the barrels)."		93	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Nicolas-Jay 2015 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Nicolas-Jay
US	"Here's a friendly, fairly sophisticated Pinot for drinking now. It's dry, silky and crisp in acidity, with flavors of rich raspberry, cherry pie, vanilla and toasty oak."		87	35	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Sonoma-Loeb 2011 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Sonoma-Loeb
US	"This blend of 27% Mourvèdre, 23% Cinsault, 18% Counoise, 17% Grenache and 15% Syrah by the Fess Parker family shows cherry cola and concentrated plum on the nose. Blackberry and other purple fruits power the palate, with aromatic elderflower elements adding complexity."	Gypsy	88	25	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Epiphany 2012 Gypsy Red (Santa Barbara County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Epiphany
Italy	"Made with 95% Sangiovese and 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, the nose reveals aromas of black cherry and leather. The concentrated palate displays red plum and a touch of anise alongside somewhat evolved but still mouth-puckering tannins."	A Sirio	88	45	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Sangervasio 2010 A Sirio Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Sangervasio
Australia	"Minerally and intense on the nose, this Riesling remains fresh and strident right through the palate and onto the long finish. Apple and citrus flavors seem to carry a hint of sweetness, but it could just be the ripe fruit coming through rather than residual sugar. Drink now."	Iron Knob Single Vineyard	88	18	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Longview 2006 Iron Knob Single Vineyard Riesling (Adelaide Hills)	Riesling	Longview
Argentina	"Cool herbal aromas of blackberry and cola are minty. This feels narrow, with hard tannins that aren't ready to reconcile now. Herbal salty flavors of meaty berry fruits are warm, spicy and steadfast with herbal notes through the finish. Drink through 2020."	Capriccio Reserve Blend	88	17	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Loscano 2013 Capriccio Reserve Blend Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Loscano
France	"Very modern and polished in style, this wine goes for the soft, juicy fruit characters. The tannins are sweet, equally soft, already delicious in character, finishing with smoky cranberry and black currant flavors."		90	40	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Brane-Cantenac 2007  Margaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Brane-Cantenac
US	"American oak is the barrel choice, 100% new, and it shows strongly in the nose of this young Zinfandel. The citrusy acids help to balance out the alcohol, and with additional bottle age the score could certainly rise. If you plan to drink this soon, give it plenty of breathing time."	Reserve	88	25	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Thurston Wolfe 2010 Reserve Zinfandel (Horse Heaven Hills)	Zinfandel	Thurston Wolfe
France	"This is powerful and concentrated, with the high proportion of Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend standing out firmly. It is dark, rich, packed with ripe black fruits and sweet tannins. Drink from 2018."		94	130	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Figeac 2011  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Figeac
France	"Tangy and zesty, this is a crisp wine. It has tight acidity and a strongly citrus character. There are bright gooseberry and herbal flavors that show strongly. The downside is it is one-dimensional: all herbal fruit and crisp acidity. Drink from 2020."		92	63	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Couhins-Lurton 2014  Pessac-Léognan	Sauvignon Blanc	Château Couhins-Lurton
US	"A nose of clean citrus and spice leads on this simple but likeable Chardonnay. On the palate, it offers more of the fresh flavors and the finish is crisp. A nice wine with seafood and salad, and a good choice for fans of lively whites."	Ingle Vineyard Unoaked	83	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Heron Hill 2005 Ingle Vineyard Unoaked Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Heron Hill
Portugal	"When it was planted with Bordeaux grapes in 1974, this vineyard was a first in Portugal. It continues to produce great wines, with this is the latest release. It is sophisticated and rich, while also finely structured. Its wood aging lifts the wine and adds spice and density. As with past vintages, this wine needs to age. Drink after 2020."	Quinta da Bacalhôa	94	38	Península de Setúbal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bacalhôa Wines of Portugal 2014 Quinta da Bacalhôa Red (Península de Setúbal)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Bacalhôa Wines of Portugal
US	"This wine is wound extremely tight, but opens like a lotus with decanting or overnight patience. Aromas of rose buds, black-raspberry extract, wet clay and dried purple flowers show on the nose, bolstered by the slightest smoky kiss of oak. Savory flavors of roasted black-plum skins and elderberry meet with soy, graphite and loam on the palate, which will gain amazing tertiary flavors with time. Drink 2018–2028."	Estate Grown	95	62	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Mount Eden Vineyards 2013 Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Mount Eden Vineyards
Australia	"This wine is packed with bright tropical fruit and citrus aromas and flavors, yet stays balanced and spritely through the long, citrusy finish. It's easy to like and easy to drink."		87	16	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Mak 2001 Chardonnay (Adelaide Hills)	Chardonnay	Mak
Italy	"A blend of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of oak, rubber and unusual sensations that recall petrol. There's more oak than fruit on the palate, delivering toasted oak, espresso, vanilla and coffee alongside hints of black cherry. It closes on an astringent, tannic note."	Riserva	85	29	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Valiano 2008 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Valiano
Argentina	"A little sharp and unfocused on the nose, but the palate is simple and juicy, with tangy red-fruit flavors backed by good acidity and solid tannins. Overall it's healthy and ready but sorely missing that one key ingredient: finesse."		84	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tercos 2005 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Tercos
US	"This wine shows more age than it should, but is quite good now, with aromas of vanilla, honeysuckle, molasses, white-flower extract and liquid marshmallow ice-cream topping. The palate brings apple extract and roasted nut flavors."	Highland Vineyard	88	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joullian 2013 Highland Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Joullian
Portugal	"Rich, but structured and balanced, this is a wine that has delicious swathes of ripe blackberry and black plum. There is a touch of bitter extract, but this will integrate as the wine ages. The acidity goes well with the solid tannins. Drink from 2016."	Monsaraz Reserva	90	16	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cooperativa Reguengos de Monsaraz 2011 Monsaraz Reserva Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Cooperativa Reguengos de Monsaraz
New Zealand	"This is medium-bodied, perhaps a bit broad on the palate, but combines green tomato, pineapple and grapefruit notes with an attractive, silky texture. Drink now."	Black Label	89	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	White's Bay 2015 Black Label Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	White's Bay
US	"This winery's Pinots rarely rise to the top, but are almost always soundly made, very good wines, with extra points for complexity. The '05 is directly on par with previous vintages, a silky, dry wine showing rich flavors of cherries, cola, pomegranates and spices. It's the kind of Pinot that pairs well with foods without taking center stage."		89	35	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Domaine Chandon 2005 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Chandon
Portugal	"A full and rich wine, almost too powerful and concentrated. It has great solid tannins, dark plum and chocolate flavors and a dense texture. It does need aging, so drink from 2016."	Alente Premium	87	14	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cooperativa Reguengos de Monsaraz 2011 Alente Premium Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Cooperativa Reguengos de Monsaraz
France	"Although it effectively disappeared from Bordeaux after phylloxera, Malbec hung on in Blaye on the north side of the Gironde Estuary. This wine, part of a single-parcel (lieu dit in French) single-varietal range, is richly structured and powerfully dense. It has great tannins and also bold ripe black fruits. Drink this concentrated wine from 2020."	Lieu-Dit Ter Pointe	92	40	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Les Vignerons de Tutiac 2014 Lieu-Dit Ter Pointe  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Malbec	Les Vignerons de Tutiac
US	"Intriguing all around, this displays earthy notes of truffle and meat on the nose, and balanced flavors of full raspberry and spicy caramel on the palate. Though a touch angular, the wine has elegance and good fruit."		86	28	Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania		Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Chaddsford 2005 Syrah (Pennsylvania)	Syrah	Chaddsford
France	"Located at the base of the Sainte-Victoire mountain, this vineyard, owned by the Dragon family for four generations, has produced a ripe wine, full-bodied and with concentration. It has raspberry flavors and a touch of spice that gives the wine extra richness. Drink this dense wine from late 2017."		91	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Dragon 2016 Rosé (Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire)	Rosé	Domaine Dragon
Brazil	"A weird Cabernet with unfamiliar, odd aromas. Tight as nails and sheering, with sour plum and incongruent buttery oak flavors. Barrel influence shows up on the finish. Needs polish and improvement."	Gran Reserva	81	36	Vale dos Vinhedos			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa Valduga 2007 Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Vale dos Vinhedos)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Casa Valduga
US	"Bay leaf and eucalyptus figure prominently on the nose and palate of this wine, making for an intensely earthy, herbal experience, peppered by forest-floor notes."		85	10	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kirkland Signature 2015 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Kirkland Signature
US	"Grown in Green Valley, this medium-bodied wine offers heady Asian spices seasoned over tart, tangy orange and cherry. Pretty aromatics ride shotgun over a depth of earth and soft tannin and smoky oak, the wine ultimately plush and lush."	Dutton Ranch	91	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sonoma-Loeb 2014 Dutton Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sonoma-Loeb
Chile	"Prickly aromas of nettle and minerally lime are reflections of the coastal climate that influences this citrusy SB. Flavors of orange peel, white grapefruit and passion fruit turn more pithy and pyrazinic on the finish, which keeps its juicy ripeness without turning green."	Max Reserva	89	20	Aconcagua Costa			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2013 Max Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Aconcagua Costa)	Sauvignon Blanc	Errazuriz
US	"A light rendition of the variety given time in bottle to mellow, this is a stand-out wine redolent of black olive, fig and gamy, sanguine meat. Delicately peppered, it slowly unravels its layers of blueberry and cherry fruit, complementing its savory register of flavor."	Trenton Estate Vineyard	92	36	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Joseph Swan Vineyards 2010 Trenton Estate Vineyard Syrah (Russian River Valley)	Syrah	Joseph Swan Vineyards
US	"With forward pineapple jam, apricot, buttered toast, vanilla and smoky oak flavors, this will satisfy Chard lovers. It's dry, with a creamy mouthfeel."	Artist's Series	86	20	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Stratton Lummis 2006 Artist's Series Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Stratton Lummis
Chile	"Alert but a bit yeasty on the nose, with notes of citrus, tropical fruits and green herbs filling things out, this is weighty and mature, with acidity to spare but also some creaminess to the palate. Briny, salty flavors of orange, tangerine and lime finish long and reflective of the Pacific Ocean, which isn't far from the vineyard that yielded this new-to-the-market SB."	Kuda	89	19	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kalfu 2013 Kuda Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kalfu
US	"Thin and weedy, with minty cherry flavors that finish dry and sharp in acids. A decent introductory wine for those new to the variety."	Vintner's Reserve	83	13	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Sterling 2006 Vintner's Reserve Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sterling
France	"Dominated by its 86% Merlot, this is a fruity wine that is surprisingly light for the vintage. It comes from the plain between Saint-Émilion and the Dordogne River, giving a soft style with just a touch of tannin. Drink from 2017."		85	20	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Joly 2014  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Joly
Portugal	"A wine whose real quality lies in its great fruitiness and open, soft tannins. With just a touch of wood, its stalky black-fruit flavors are all ready to drink. Screwcap."	Cape Roca Fish	84	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casca Wines 2010 Cape Roca Fish Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casca Wines
Austria	"Light bodied and fruit-driven, this wine leads with refreshing, easy citrus notes and friendly red apple nuances. It finishes dry."	Zweigelt	88	18	Niederösterreich			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Unger 2016 Zweigelt Rosé (Niederösterreich)	Rosé	Unger
Italy	"Fragrant, aromatic, grassy aromas give way to fresh, crisp, green fruit and gooseberry flavors. Finishes lively and vibrant."	Castel Ringberg	88	23	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Elena Walch 2002 Castel Ringberg Sauvignon Blanc (Alto Adige)	Sauvignon Blanc	Elena Walch
US	"Smoky and soft, this full-bodied, rounded wine tastes of baked raspberry and vanilla, its texture velvety and likably smooth. Concentrated, it retains only moderate acidity, peaking in freshness on the finish."	Reserve	90	45	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Beaulieu Vineyard 2014 Reserve Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Beaulieu Vineyard
France	"Fruity and bright, this is a lightly textured wine. With lemon and pink-grapefruit flavors dominant and a pale color, it is the crispest possible interpretation of a rosé. Drink this attractive wine now."		87	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Chapelle d'Aliénor 2015 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Chapelle d'Aliénor
US	"Rustic and a little sweet tasting, this has flavors of cherry pie, red currant and toast. Drink it with cheeseburgers."		84	10	California	California	California Other			Insomnia 2010 Red (California)	Red Blend	Insomnia
Italy	"Made of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this has delicate black-skinned fruit and violet aromas. The simple palate offers black cherry and underbrush notes as well as smooth tannins. Enjoy soon."		86	12	Tuscany	Chianti Colli Senesi		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castellani 2015  Chianti Colli Senesi	Red Blend	Castellani
US	"This blend of 44% Cabernet Sauvignon, 34% Malbec and 22% Petit Verdot is rich and layered on the nose with black-cherry, blueberry, dark-chocolate and roasted-beef aromas. The palate kicks off with a touch of mint, then offers thick blueberry, coffee syrup and soy flavors. The structure is still quite sticky, and will open with time."	Ancestor Estate Reserve Estate Bottled	90	55	California	Adelaida District	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Halter Ranch 2013 Ancestor Estate Reserve Estate Bottled Red (Adelaida District)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Halter Ranch
US	"The volatiles are amped up here, providing some aromatic distraction. The palate brings high-octane fruit flavors, supported by lightly dry tannins. Tasted twice with consistent notes."		86	25	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Luke 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (Wahluke Slope)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Luke
US	"The fruitiness of this wine suggests drinking it with simple Chinese foods or ham. With orange, apricot and brown sugar flavors, it's balanced by crisp acidity."	Cellar Club	85	26	California	Calistoga	Napa			Sterling 2012 Cellar Club Sauvignon Blanc (Calistoga)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sterling
US	"While a bit quiet on the nose, watermelon, white-peach and raspberry flavors explode on the palate of this lovely dry rosé. It's exuberantly fruity but neatly balanced, offering spry acidity and a long, floral finish."	Dry Cabernet Franc	90	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hosmer 2016 Dry Cabernet Franc Rosé (Finger Lakes)	Rosé	Hosmer
US	"A whiff of leather opens this wine, which is well along its aging curve. There's a bitter edge to the tannins, along with some rounded cherry cola flavors."		83	38	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lazy River 2007 Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Lazy River
Romania	"With a fresh but earthy nose of flowers, honey and herbs, this approachable white begs for food pairing. Simple but balanced and with a flirty character, it has a summer sipping kind of appeal."	Alb de Murfatlar	86	20	Murfatlar			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	VinArte 2004 Alb de Murfatlar Pinot Gris (Murfatlar)	Pinot Gris	VinArte
Portugal	There is enough crispness to make this ripe wine tight and fruity. Its dry strawberry fruitiness comes with a light touch of pepper. Drink now.	Periquita	84	11	Península de Setúbal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	José Maria da Fonseca 2015 Periquita Rosé (Península de Setúbal)	Rosé	José Maria da Fonseca
US	"Combining estate grapes with others from cooler Carneros, this wine offers a dried herb component and plenty of pencil and cedar. Tannic and oaky before airing, it'll benefit from a decant."		88	39	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Keenan 2012 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Keenan
Argentina	"This clean, mild quaffer offers basic white-fruit aromas and a light-bodied, fresh palate. Apple and mild citrus flavors are short on the finish, which takes on an apricot flavor as it fades away."		86	8	Other	San Juan		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mariposa 2016 Chardonnay (San Juan)	Chardonnay	Mariposa
US	"A bit of bottle age has made this vintage quite fascinating, with cola, black tea, black plum and mulberry on this wine's deep and peppery nose. The flavor profile is hearty with star anise and dried spearmint as well as deeper dried red-fruit touches. The texture is mild but the overall experience is complete."		92	44	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Black Ridge 2011 Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Black Ridge
New Zealand	"From one of the Nelson region's pioneering winemakers, this is as good a wine as I can remember the Seifried family producing. The combination of subtle snow-pea and bold passion-fruit flavors is spot on, and the wine's ample weight, slightly creamy texture and long, grapefruity finish work together to create a harmonious whole."		91	18	Nelson			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Seifried 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Nelson)	Sauvignon Blanc	Seifried
US	"Juicy, bright, loaded with young, grapey, berry flavors. Bright and polished, with a Grenache-like character, though it is 100% varietal."	Summit Reserve	88	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Washington Hills 2007 Summit Reserve Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Washington Hills
Portugal	"This is a jammy wine, soft and rich. It has juicy red berry fruits and a fully ripe character that's enhanced by spice. The tannins are already well integrated into the texture of the wine that is ready to drink."	Cabeça de Toiro Reserva	89	15	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Velhas 2012 Cabeça de Toiro Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Caves Velhas
US	"Here's a pretty Pinot that captures the balanced terroir of Anderson Valley. It's not a big, ageworthy wine, more of a village-type, but elegant and savory in cherry, cola and spice flavors. The crispness makes it an exceptionally food-friendly red wine."		88	30	California	Anderson Valley				Handley 2005 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Handley
Germany	"Dusty pollen and mineral tones lend austerity and elegance to zesty orange peel and lemon flavors in this dry, bracing Riesling. While light bodied and spry, it's surprisingly persistent on the finish. Ends on a delicate floral note."	Qvinterra Trocken	91	18	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Kühling-Gillot 2012 Qvinterra Trocken Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Kühling-Gillot
France	"Creaminess, almost akin to cream soda, emanates from the glass and subdues the soft strawberry fruit. The palate has some of that creaminess, too, but is fresh and pleasingly taut, with bright freshness and a light, dry body. The fizz is frothy and altogether results in an immensely drinkable, easy-to-enjoy crémant."	Brut Zéro Sans Soufre Rosé	89	40	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Zusslin NV Brut Zéro Sans Soufre Rosé Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Zusslin
US	"This is half Merlot, one third Syrah, with a bit of Cabernet and Petit Verdot as well. It's a very light, fruity wine, with no particular focus. Fine for near-term quaffing."	Sharp Sisters	85	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mercer 2010 Sharp Sisters Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Mercer
US	"The aromas of dark plum, thistle and earth captivate the senses, with the variety unmistakable. The flavors coat the palate from end-to-end, lingering on the finish."	Bronco	92	70	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	K Vintners 2012 Bronco Malbec (Wahluke Slope)	Malbec	K Vintners
US	"A superstar in this new vintage, this wonderfully concentrated and well-delineated wine offers precise fruit flavors of etched and sculpted peach, apricot and melon in perfect proportion. There is ample acidity under the 19 g/l residual sugar."	Wind Ridge Block	93	29	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2015 Wind Ridge Block Riesling (Ribbon Ridge)	Riesling	Chehalem
Italy	"Spicy aromas of clove, nutmeg and anise combine in the glass along with scents of baked plum, violet and aromatic herb. The tense palate offers dried black cherry, cranberry, cedar and sage along with a hint of fig. Tensed close-grained tannins and a backbone of firm acidity provide the framework. Drink 2018–2025."	Vigneto Fracia	90	42	Lombardy	Valtellina Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Nino Negri 2013 Vigneto Fracia  (Valtellina Superiore)	Nebbiolo	Nino Negri
Italy	"Raspberry aromas, cherry and strawberry flavors, and a strong hint of milk chocolate throughout best define this Gallo-owned wine. Some raisins and a touch of buttery oak appear late, rendering it a simple quaff."		84	10	Tuscany	Chianti				Ecco Domani 2000  Chianti	Sangiovese	Ecco Domani
South Africa	"Green grass and a hint of baby powder are paired with notes of green gooseberry and lime on the nose, while riper but similarly tart flavors of white cranberry and citrus take hold of the mouthwatering palate. Drink now."		86	13	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Eikendal 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	Eikendal
France	"Ripe and smooth, this rich wine has enough fruitiness and acidity to give a crisper edge, although it is more about a warm, spicy character. Drink now."		85	20	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Denante 2014  Saint-Véran	Chardonnay	Domaine de la Denante
Spain	"Gamy, roasted berry and plum aromas are a bit leathery. This is full in body, with bracing tomato-like acidity. Saucy flavors of bacon and baked fruits finish a touch sticky."	Codice	85	9	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Dominio de Eguren 2013 Codice Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Dominio de Eguren
New Zealand	"This wine shows a fair bit of oak influence; notes reminiscent of brown sugar and mocha mingle with savory, root-vegetable-like fruit. The tannins are supple, the wine reasonably balanced in terms of alcohol and acids. Drink now."	Icon	85	22	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Nobilo 2009 Icon Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Nobilo
US	"There are a lot of varieties in this blend, from Merlot, which makes up the majority, to handfuls of Syrah, Zinfandel and Petit Verdot. Sizable tannins wrap themselves around flavors of tobacco, juicy plum and oaky vanilla, finishing dry and ripe."	Cellar 1879 Blend	87	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Markham 2012 Cellar 1879 Blend Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Markham
US	"This is very acidic, like a taste of sour lemon. The flavors are of lemon cough drops, and the finish is dry."		82	11	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Clos La Chance 2011 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Clos La Chance
US	"Yates Conwill is next to the Resonance vineyard, which was just sold to Burgundy's Louis Jadot. This vineyard is really reaching its prime, showing lovely ripe flavors of raspberry, red plum and sweet cherry. Generous acidity keeps the wine in proportion and leads through a generous midpalate with highlights of black tea and dried herb. Drink now and over the next 10 years."	Yates Conwill Vineyard	94	42	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sineann 2012 Yates Conwill Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Sineann
Italy	"This has a touch of ripe fruit, with pretty nuances of cherry, wild berry and cassis. It also delivers austere tones of smoked spice, leather and tar with an attractive fullness to the otherwise structured finish."		90	43	Piedmont	Barolo				Beni di Batasiolo 2007  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Beni di Batasiolo
US	"There are lots of rich blackberry, cherry and currant flavors in this dry young wine. You'll also find the dried herb flavor that often characterize Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. It's a bit high in alcohol and doesn't seem to be an ager, but it's finely crafted."	Rockaway	90	75	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Rodney Strong 2008 Rockaway Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rodney Strong
US	"Tons of ripe, jammy blueberry, cherry and blackberry fruit in this delicious wine, with the most scrumptious caramel sweetness. Easy to like with almost anything calling for a fruity red wine."		86	9	California	California	California Other			Kumbaya 2010 Red (California)	Red Blend	Kumbaya
Australia	"This wine earns every penny of its modest price tag with a bright palate of petrol, talcum powder and wet stones propping up aromas of white flowers, cumin and lime. The finish could be longer but with this stunning nose and palate, we're not complaining. Drink now."	Magnus	89	12	South Australia	Clare Valley				Leasingham 2008 Magnus Riesling (Clare Valley)	Riesling	Leasingham
US	"This is an almost picture-perfect example of an excellent Washington Merlot, loaded with rich fruit flavors of plum and black cherry. The mouthfeel is satiny, the tannins round and ripe, with a smooth and supple finish."		92	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Elevation Cellars 2010 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Elevation Cellars
France	"This is a stalky wine. Even though it is full in the mouth, it still has a tight, green character typical of unripe Tannat. The blend is 80% Tannat, 10% Cabernet Franc and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon. Tannins and bell pepper flavors go with the firm structure and the acidity at the end. Drink from 2017."	Tradition	85	18	Southwest France	Madiran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Damiens 2014 Tradition Red (Madiran)	Red Blend	Domaine Damiens
Spain	"Aromas of melon, mango and papaya are more yeasty than fresh and alert. This Trepat-based rosé feels foamy and soda-like. Flavors of citrus, melon and brown sugar finish slightly flat but fruity."	Rosé	86	11	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Segura Viudas NV Rosé Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Segura Viudas
France	"A lovely note of mirabelle plum and sponge cake appears on the nose. The palate is fresh and vivid, light-bodied and dry, enlivened by frothy fizz that highlights fresh citrus accents. The finish is very clean, dry and appetizing—ideal apéritif material."	Blanc de Noirs	89	20	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Bott Frères NV Blanc de Noirs Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Bott Frères
US	"Cherry pie and cinnamon dominate the aromas. Sweet oaky influences like baking spices and brown sugar come out in the flavors, as a lush texture soothes the palate. This tastes mild in terms of acidity and tannins so it comes off as soft and almost sweet."	Estate Vineyard	88	40	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Masút 2013 Estate Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mendocino)	Pinot Noir	Masút
US	"The very intriguing nose of this bottling by a winery that explores all types of Pinot Noir sites and styles shows sarsaparilla, sandalwood, incense and fresh boysenberry aromas. The palate is all about freshness, with blackberry and black raspberry flavors lifted by anise, peppercorns and wild thyme. Great depth and verve throughout."	Zotovich	94	70	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tantara 2015 Zotovich Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Tantara
Italy	Haermosa is made with organically-farmed fruit. It shows milky notes of peach yogurt and white chocolate. But it also shows zesty crispness on the close despite the thickness and fullness of the wine's overall texture.	Haermosa	84	28	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Masseria del Feudo Grottarossa 2009 Haermosa Chardonnay (Sicilia)	Chardonnay	Masseria del Feudo Grottarossa
France	"A blend of wines from different vineyards in Pouilly, this powerful wine is concentrated, with tight minerality that demands further aging. Rich and packed with apples and green plums, it is a beautiful wine that will age well. Drink from 2018 at the earliest."	Indigène	94	75	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pascal Jolivet 2014 Indigène  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Pascal Jolivet
US	"Ripe fruit flavors like prunes and raisins, and a soft, smooth texture make this wine easy to drink as it spreads across the palate and fills the mouth with flavor. Relatively light in color, it is gentle in texture compared to many of its peers with more tannin, and should be popped and enjoyed soon."		88	32	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Buck Shack 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Buck Shack
Spain	"Opens with a blast of cola and minty grass, and then comes a raisiny wave and mossy herbal notes that are typical of Navarran Merlot, which makes up 60% of this three-grape blend. Gritty in the mouth, with black cherry, licorice, herbs, raisin and lasting sweetness on the finish."	Finca la Moneda	86	40	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alzania 2004 Finca la Moneda Red (Navarra)	Red Blend	Alzania
France	"Tightly herbaceous and very crisp, grassy and citrusy, this is the epitome of cool, fresh Sauvignon Blanc. It's a light, bright, easy-drinking wine that's ready to go now."		86	11	Southwest France	Côtes de Gascogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Uby 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Côtes de Gascogne)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Uby
Argentina	"This smells big but flat, with rich, jammy scents of berry and cherry. The palate comes across heavy and grabby. Flavors of pastry, lactic plum, berry and cassis are heavily influenced with oak, while the finish is full in feel but short in flavor. A blend of 62% Malbec, 26% Cabernet Sauvignon and 12% Syrah."	Arriero Reserve Blend	87	24	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Hacienda del Plata 2009 Arriero Reserve Blend Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Hacienda del Plata
Portugal	"A great structured, finely textured wine. The black tarry fruit, sweet licorice and black currant flavors all hang together well, leaving ripeness and feel of elegance."	Quinta la Rosa	90	20	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de la Rosa 2005 Quinta la Rosa Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de la Rosa
Australia	"I can't recall a misstep from this reliable producer of Tasmanian sparkling. The latest vintage release is remarkably fresh and zesty, bursting with green apple and citrus, with just hints of toasted brioche. This light- to medium-bodied wine is a blend of 53% Chardonnay and 47% Pinot Noir."	Pipers River	91	40	Tasmania	Tasmania		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Jansz 2009 Pipers River Sparkling (Tasmania)	Sparkling Blend	Jansz
US	"Jammy raspberry, currant and caramel flavors are countered with acidic sharpness and high alcohol in this Zinfandel. It tastes a bit unbalanced, but a juicy cheeseburger will handle it well."		85	19	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Novy 2011 Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Novy
US	"Hinting at oak and steeped in ripe fig, this is a hearty white wine with an herbal edge, fermented in stainless steel and then aged in neutral oak. From prime spots within Dutton Ranch, it provides a layering of tropical pineapple and melon within a suggestion of lemon, finishing dry."	Kylie's Cuvée Dutton Ranch	87	23	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dutton Estate 2013 Kylie's Cuvée Dutton Ranch Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Dutton Estate
France	"Produced by the Château de Bligny close to Beaune, this soft, perfumed wine has stalky red fruits, laced with a dry core of tannin and fragrant acidity. It could age for another year."	Rouge	85	25	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Evening Land 2011 Rouge  (Bourgogne)	Pinot Noir	Evening Land
US	"This wine from the Fess Parker-owned Rodney's Vineyard shows inky purple color, offering slightly reductive aromas of tar and charred meat but also violets and black pepper. It's full on the palate, hitting first with purple fruit and dried purple flowers before delivering plum-skin acidity and peppery spice. It's an attention-grabber."		91	28	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Standing Sun 2011 Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Standing Sun
US	"Dark gold in color, this estate wine from hillside vines aged 11 months in one-third new French oak. Salty brine takes center stage before an unctuous pillow of caramel and honey rides along a full-bodied richness of flavor. A bright spark of lemony acidity marks the finish."	Estate	92	76	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ram's Gate 2014 Estate Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Ram's Gate
France	"A blend of 70% Syrah, 20% Grenache and 10% Mourvèdre, this wine is quite perfumed, with intense aromas of spiced black cherry, forest berry and licorice. The medium-weight palate is plush and mouthfilling, with velvety tannins lending structure to the ripe black-fruit flavors, alongside a touch of graphite. The enduring finish beams with notes of licorice and black pepper."	Grande Réserve	90	20	Languedoc-Roussillon	Saint-Chinian		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Château du Prieuré des Mourgues 2012 Grande Réserve Red (Saint-Chinian)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château du Prieuré des Mourgues
US	"This wine is a unique blend of Malbec (60%), Syrah (20%), Merlot (15%) and Petit Verdot. It opens with brooding but alluring aromas of dark plum, asphalt, and a kiss of baking spice. The flavors are full bodied and palate coating, showing weight but also a sense of suppleness that charms the senses."	Mr. Owl's	91	34	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Reininger 2012 Mr. Owl's Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Reininger
Portugal	"A wine whose real quality lies in its great fruitiness and open, soft tannins. With just a touch of wood, its stalky black-fruit flavors are all ready to drink. Screwcap."	Cape Roca Fish	84	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casca Wines 2010 Cape Roca Fish Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casca Wines
US	"The fruit stars in this tasty Chardonnay. Pineapples, pears, mangoes, green apples and Key lime pie dance on the palate. A touch of oak adds vanilla cream and buttered toast. Drink now."		87	34	California	California	California Other			ZD 2007 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	ZD
Chile	"Crisp aromas of grassy green fruits, cactus and nettle set up a standard palate, which for this wine means ripped and racy. Flavors of stone fruits, lime, passion fruit and bitter greens end lightly bitter, juicy and green."	EQ Coastal	89	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matetic 2013 EQ Coastal Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Matetic
US	"Winemaker Bob Cabral's three 2010 Chardonnays are possibly the greatest he's ever made. This bottling shows fabulous complexity and sheer deliciousness, offering intricate notes of butterscotch, tropical fruit, pear tart, golden apricot, vanilla cream, buttered toast and exotic spice, with perhaps just a trace of honey. Its brilliant acidity and a tangy minerality provide the balance that pushes this wine off the charts."	Drake Estate Vineyard	96	65	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2010 Drake Estate Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Williams Selyem
Canada	"“Open and drink” the instructions should read, as this smooth and luscious wine is best enjoyed young. Half was barrel-fermented, yielding flavors of caramel, almond paste and buttered nuts. Pair with leek, bacon and potato soup, says the winery, which sounds just about perfect."		89	20	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Quails' Gate 2012 Chardonnay (Okanagan Valley)	Chardonnay	Quails' Gate
Italy	"From the coastal Tuscan estate of Lodovico Antinori (brother of Piero), here comes a gorgeous blend of Cabernets Sauvignon and Franc, Merlot and a small percentage of Petit Verdot. Soft chocolate and black cherry opens the nose and segues to enormous richness and length. The wine is excellent but the jury is out on whether it becomes one of the great cult classics of Italy. Hold 10–20 years."	Lodovico	96	280	Tuscany	Toscana				Tenuta di Biserno 2008 Lodovico Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta di Biserno
US	"A good Merlot, although not without some problems. It's dry and silky, with soft tannins framing currant, violet and cedar flavors. However, there's a stubbornly green, minty streak that limits ageability."		86	42	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Arrowood 2006 Merlot (Sonoma Valley)	Merlot	Arrowood
US	"Peppery and hot, with blackberry and currant flavors wrapped into firm tannins. Not showing much openness now, but feels like it has the potential to develop with a few years in the bottle."	Jack London Vineyard	86	35	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kenwood 2005 Jack London Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kenwood
Australia	"For an Australian Cabernet, this is surprisingly delicate on the nose and medium bodied on the palate. Herbal notes intertwine with cassis and licorice, ending with finely ground baking spices. Drink now."		85	10	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Bulletin Place 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (South Eastern Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bulletin Place
US	"This flashy, complex Zinfandel wants to be paired with a burger. It's just luscious in blackberry jam and teriyaki beef flavors, with tart acidity that can't wait to bite into greasy protein and fat."		91	27	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Frog's Leap 2010 Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Frog's Leap
France	"Despite its power, this is so elegant, showing tannins, minerality and generous flavors of black fruits, dark chocolate and spices. The smooth and rich surface belies the inner taut texture, showing how the wine will need many years to finally come round."	Chambertin Clos de Bèze Grand Cru	96	525	Burgundy	Chambertin Clos de Bèze		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Perrot-Minot 2010 Chambertin Clos de Bèze Grand Cru  (Chambertin Clos de Bèze)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Perrot-Minot
US	"Dense olallieberry and asphalt show on the nose of this bottling, as does a tart black-plum-skin scent. There is grape-like sweetness to the palate, and touches of cola, but not much else."	Paso Tombstone	83	20	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Graveyard NV Paso Tombstone Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Graveyard
Chile	"Black cherry and cassis aromas are sweet and ripe. The palate is lively and shows zippy acids along with roasted berry flavors that are juicy due to the fresh acidity. Darkens up on the finish, showing coffee, chocolate and good length. Uncomplicated, fruity Syrah."	Trisquel	88	17	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2008 Trisquel Syrah (Maipo Valley)	Syrah	Aresti
US	"The oak overpowers the limes and mangoes. Despite mouthwatering acidity, the wine is dominated by butterscotch and buttered cinnamon toast."	Ceja Vineyard	85	40	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Olabisi 2011 Ceja Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Olabisi
US	"A rich, decadent and generous wine, 100% varietal, this is both floral and fruity, bright in cherry and raspberry alongside herbal cedar and vanilla. A medium weight surrounds softly integrated tannins, leading the way to an explosive, juicy finish. This is a classic example of the appellation's prowess in approachable power."	Yoeman Vineyard	93	85	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Goldschmidt 2012 Yoeman Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Goldschmidt
US	"Sourced from the Teldeschi and Ramazzotti vineyards, with 12% Petite Sirah and 6% Carignane, this impressively bold, inky wine is undeniably pretty on the nose, recalling strawberries and cherries. Juicy, big and delicious, it has memorable structure and elegance that balances the ripeness of its fruit."		93	39	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Elyse 2013 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Elyse
US	"This wine is Cabernet Sauvignon (63%) blended with Merlot (19%), Petit Verdot (12%) and Cabernet Franc. Aromas of black cherry, herbs, cranberries and dry chocolate are reserved while the palate offers hedonistic fruit flavors, with lightly dry tannins that hopefully will smooth out with additional time in the cellar."		92	55	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Pirouette 2012 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Pirouette
US	"Hailing from the cool 2010 vintage, this 100% varietal wine leads with barrel aromas of vanilla and freshly hewn wood followed by medicine cabinet and dried cherry, seeming advanced for its years. The flavors are elegant in style with the concentration a bit wanting."	Estate	87	32	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Basel Cellars 2010 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Basel Cellars
US	"The flavors in this Zin are very lush and delicious, suggesting a mélange of crushed wild forest berries, freshly ground black peppercorn, mocha, anise and something animal, like sweet, soy-splashed grilled beef. The drawback is excessive softness, which may be related to high alcohol. The correct tannic structure isn't there."	Wine Creek Ranch	85	34	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Quivira 2006 Wine Creek Ranch Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Quivira
Mexico	"Stalky aromas suggest peach, but overall there's hardly any fruit on the nose of this tired wine. A fat palate is low on acidity, while bland citrus, melon and papaya flavors finish in no man's land."		82	13	Valle de Guadalupe			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	L.A. Cetto 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Valle de Guadalupe)	Sauvignon Blanc	L.A. Cetto
Italy	"This easy-drinking blend of 75% Sangiovese, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Merlot and 5% Malvasia has spice-laced ripe black cherry aromas. The light, simple palate shows sour cherry and clove with soft tannins. Drink soon."		85	11	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Caposaldo 2015  Chianti	Red Blend	Caposaldo
US	"This is an elaborate, oaky Chardonnay made in the popular style that has made California Chard such a success. It's rich in pineapple jam, apricot, buttered toast, vanilla and leesy flavors, and grows better as it warms in the glass."	Reserve	92	22	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Santa Barbara Winery 2007 Reserve Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Santa Barbara Winery
Italy	"Aromas of wild berry, leather, sunbaked earth, star anise and a balsamic note of menthol lift out of the glass. The robust, powerful palate offers fleshy blackberry, wild cherry, cinnamon, nutmeg and tobacco alongside chewy tannins. Despite the juicy fruit, there's a warmth of alcohol on the finish but it doesn't dominate."		90	80	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Gode 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Le Gode
US	"Ripe aromas are full of cherries and plums, with a hint of pine. Concentrated flavors recall dark cherries and cinnamon. The texture is full and broad with moderate tannins and fresh acidity to keep it lively."	Thomas T Thomas Vineyard Reserve	91	49	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bink 2012 Thomas T Thomas Vineyard Reserve Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bink
Italy	"Made from Nerello Mascalese and Nerello Cappuccio, this shows bright berry aromas of blackberry and cassis, with cola, dried ginger and polished mineral notes. The mouthfeel is clean and bright, with a touch of chopped mint."	Barbazzale	88	14	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna				Cottanera 2011 Barbazzale  (Etna)	Red Blend	Cottanera
US	"Spicy berry, chocolate and bitter greens are in play, though slightly muted. The components smooth out and surf into a broad, easygoing finish. Drink up."	Hyland Vineyard Reserve	88	38	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	City Winery of New York 2012 Hyland Vineyard Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	City Winery of New York
Italy	"Mostly Cabernet with 305 Sangiovese, Camartina is a thick, solid, streamlined wine that shows the highest level of winemaking expertise. Sweet cherry, bramble, espresso, plum, blackberry peel off layer after layer. The wine boasts chewy tannins and a bold mouthfeel. Drink after 2012."	Camartina	94	104	Tuscany	Toscana				Agricola Querciabella 2004 Camartina Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Agricola Querciabella
France	"Pfister's Riesling is classic, simple and fruity. With its light mineral texture, tight acidity and delicate lemon and grapefruit flavors, it's totally ready to drink."	Tradition	85	29	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Pfister 2012 Tradition Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Pfister
France	"Nicely mature, this is a ripe red-fruit and spice-flavored wine. Soft tannins merge with the fruit to give a wine that is balanced with a fragrant, juicy aftertaste. Drink now."	Cuvée La Grange Dimière	89	28	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Max Roger 2010 Cuvée La Grange Dimière  (Sancerre)	Pinot Noir	Jean-Max Roger
US	"Thick and foresty, this Pinot Noir embodies the extremes of the Perli Vineyard. It bursts with dark blue and earthy red fruits that are tempered by a savory undertone. This wine takes time to reveal itself, so age it for 5–7 years, and pair it with stews, risottos or seasoned braised lamb."	Perli Vineyard	91	52	California	Mendocino Ridge		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Arista 2010 Perli Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mendocino Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Arista
US	"Lots of acidity gives this Chardonnay a real bite, while the fruit is very ripe, expressive of pineapples, tangerines and Meyer lemons. The result is a flavor of sour yellow candy, enriched with the creaminess of lees and a buttered toast note from the oak barrels. Drink with rich, buttery shellfish entrées."	Murphy's Choice	89	35	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Clos La Chance 2010 Murphy's Choice Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Clos La Chance
Germany	"This stunning TBA is a powerhouse of superripe peach, mango and orange flavors. The palate feels smooth and rich, with honey and marmalade flavors, but it's ethereally light, with a dusty minerality and shrieking lemon acidity that reverberates on the finish. Gorgeous now, but should develop an earthy, honeyed intensity over the next decade."	Wehlener Sonnenuhr Trockenbeerenauslese	96	440	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		S.A. Prüm 2010 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Trockenbeerenauslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	S.A. Prüm
US	"This wine starts out a bit reduced, along with aromas of melon and red apple. It drinks a hair off dry, with a blend of stone-fruit and tropical flavors."	Tudor Hills Vineyard	85	18	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Martinez & Martinez 2015 Tudor Hills Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Yakima Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Martinez & Martinez
Italy	"There's always something magical about Gaja's Sorì San Lorenzo. It's the intensity and fullness of the wine that penetrates to the back of the palate and offers many long minutes of persistency on the finish. The bouquet is redolent of black fruit, leather, spice, tar, licorice and dried herb."	Sorì San Lorenzo	96	495	Piedmont	Langhe				Gaja 2009 Sorì San Lorenzo Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Gaja
Portugal	"A rustic wine that blends Cabernet Sauvignon with local fruit. It has a layer of wood, uncomfortable black currant acidity and a core of tannins."	Conde d'Ervideira Reserva	83	20	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Ervideira 2008 Conde d'Ervideira Reserva Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Ervideira
US	"No punches are pulled on this hedonistic wine with its aromas and flavors of blackberry, chocolate and barrel spice. It's rich and high octane but maintains a sense of balance."	The Estates Northridge	91	42	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Milbrandt 2012 The Estates Northridge Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	Milbrandt
US	"Supple, nicely balanced, but less meaty and full than the Merlot. The tannins are very well managed, and surprisingly smooth. Not satiny, given the wind beating that the vines take in the Horse Heaven Hills, but polished and ripe. Flavors of black olives and green tea come in behind the blackberry and cassis. There's a firm, Bordeaux-like profile."	Estate Grown	90	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Canoe Ridge 2006 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Canoe Ridge
France	"There's a medicinal cherry hint to the nose of this Syrah-based rosé, with additional notes of ripe peach and melon. It's fleshy and full-fruited on the palate, with just enough acidity to keep the ripeness in check."	Beau Vignac	84	10	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Les Costières de Pomerols 2016 Beau Vignac Rosé (Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	Les Costières de Pomerols
US	"Deep cherry, sagebrush and cola are laid across wet slate and purple flowers on a complex nose in this appellation-wide blend from Richard Sanford's team. Crushed wild herbs, like mint, sage, thyme and pine needle are prominent on the palate, backed up by a splash of red fruit."		91	40	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Alma Rosa 2013 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Alma Rosa
US	"A single-vineyard wine whose grapes evidently were allowed to get very ripe. Caberent doesn't get much richer than this, with massive waves of blackberries, black cherries, currants, dark chocolate and minty oak. Earns extra points for the elegance of its tannin structure. Drink now–2015."	Leopoldina	93	75	California	Oakville	Napa			Turnbull 2008 Leopoldina Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Turnbull
Italy	"Aged in steel, this vibrant wine shows Nebbiolo's more elegant and youthful side. It weaves together rose, violet, perfumed berries, bright cherry, crushed raspberry and sweet baking spices alongside supple tannins and fresh acidity. Enjoy it soon to capture the crunchy berry flavors."		92	30	Piedmont	Langhe		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina delle Rose 2013 Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Cascina delle Rose
France	"This solid, structured wine has black currant fruit, balanced acidity and firm tannins. The wine has a solid texture, a core of dryness and the potential to age 3–4 years."		87	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Belrose 2011  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Belrose
US	"The blend is Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. The Brut X designation refers to the winery's driest sparkler, but the wine retains plenty of sweet, ripe strawberries, raspberries, limes, vanilla and honey. It's very good, but a minor critique is a certain roughness of texture. Drink now."	Brut X	88	50	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			Iron Horse 2008 Brut X Sparkling (Green Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Iron Horse
South Africa	"Suggestions of soft spice and bark jazz-up the dark fruit center of this blend, made with 75% Syrah, 13% Cinsault, 7% Mourvèdre, 4% Carignan and 3% Grenache. Mouthwatering black cherry and raspberry sauce flavors flood the mouth and stay through the solid finish. Drink now."	Red	85	10	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Goats do Roam Wine Co. 2010 Red Red (Western Cape)	Red Blend	Goats do Roam Wine Co.
Argentina	"Deep berry, cola, mint and leather aromas are classy and not overdone. Feels lush and deep in the mouth, with blatant ripeness and toasty, oaky flavors of cola, coconut and blackberry. Finishes big but not that long or complex. Drink now through 2013; Malbec with Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot."	Synthesis The Blend	91	54	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Sophenia 2008 Synthesis The Blend Red (Tupungato)	Red Blend	Finca Sophenia
US	"A well-made Cabernet, with additions of Merlot and Malbec contributing to the blend. It shows mixed herb and plenty of spice up front, with red berry fruits following. The tannins have been smoothed out a bit, but retain some texture and herbal highlights."	Red Willow Vineyard Ex Animo	89	35	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Manu Propria 2010 Red Willow Vineyard Ex Animo Cabernet Sauvignon (Yakima Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Manu Propria
US	"This is a sweet and round and forward Merlot, at least upon entry. Then it takes a right angle turn, adding more astringent flavors of rock and earth and green tea. It's not quite Jekyll & Hyde, but it's not entirely pulled together. It needs a substantial piece of grilled meat to help soften those finishing tannins."		87	27	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bergevin Lane 2005 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Bergevin Lane
France	"An immensely structured wine, packed with dark tannins promising aging potential. It is complex, powerful, layered with new wood and concentration, finishing with dark plum fruits and acidity."		96	200	Bordeaux	Saint-Julien		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Léoville Poyferré 2009  Saint-Julien	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Léoville Poyferré
Italy	"A liquid lullaby more than a wine, this Brunello caresses and smoothes over your senses with amazing intensity and harmonious aromas of cherry-chocolate fudge, almond paste, ginger, balsamic notes, blueberry pie, firewood and vanilla. There's a shroud of cedar and cherry fruit within the wine's unwavering structure and a seemingly endless finish."	Riserva	95	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino				Poggio Nardone 2001 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Poggio Nardone
France	"Les Cimels is a solid, entry-level Costières de Nîmes blend of Syrah, Carignan and Grenache. Blackberry fruit dominates this full-bodied red, picking up intriguing tarry notes and glancing those with crisp, citrusy acids. Long and mouthwatering on the finish."	Les Cimels	88	20	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château d'Or et de Gueules 2012 Les Cimels Red (Costières de Nîmes)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château d'Or et de Gueules
Italy	"Aromas of resin, nail polish remover and violet lead the nose while the nervous palate delivers raw red cherry, toasted oak, coconut and cooking spice. It lacks fruit richness and the bracing, astringent tannins give it a choppy finish."	Asili	87	40	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Luisin 2012 Asili  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Luisin
Italy	"Beguiling scents of fragrant berry, rose petal, baking spice, new leather and aromatic herbs swirl around in the glass. The vibrant palate is loaded with finesse, doling out morello cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon and star anise, while polished tannins and bright acidity provide impeccable balance. It's just gorgeous and while it's already accessible, it also shows midterm aging potential."	Serralunga d'Alba	95	52	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Massolino 2013 Serralunga d'Alba  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Massolino
US	"A bit unripe, with herb and mint flavors side by side with blackberry and cassis. Shows classic Napa mountain structure of tannins and acids, but the mint reprises on the sharp finish. Not an ager."		85	50	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			Reverie 2005 Merlot (Diamond Mountain District)	Merlot	Reverie
Germany	"A delicate floral perfume mingles with apple and lemon aromas that carry through to the palate. Lusciously ripe, with flavors of white peach and yellow cherry, it's brightened by soft pink-grapefruit acidity. Drink now."	Kiedricher Sandrug Spätlese	91	39	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Baron Knyphausen 2011 Kiedricher Sandrug Spätlese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Baron Knyphausen
Italy	"Aromas of tobacco, scorched earth and grilled herb lead the nose. Smooth and juicy, the palate doles out fleshy wild cherry, cassis and cracked pepper alongside polished tannins. It closes on a smoky note."		88	17	Veneto	Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	SalvaTerra 2015  Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	SalvaTerra
US	"A wine given ample time in bottle, this exhibits a fair amount of ripe fruit and honeyed oak and vanilla. The generous offering of apple fritter and crème brûlée retains enough minerality in the background to stay balanced and refined."	Sexton Hill Vineyard Estate Grown Estate Bottled	91	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Balletto 2012 Sexton Hill Vineyard Estate Grown Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Balletto
Germany	"Spicy orange rind and sunny tangerine notes offset steely shards of lime and mineral in this bracing, deeply concentrated Riesling. The midpalate smooths out richly, glazed by a sheen of lanolin that stretches out the finish. Drinks beautifully already, but should improve through 2020."	Saulheimer Probstey Trocken	93	43	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Thörle 2013 Saulheimer Probstey Trocken Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Thörle
France	"A gorgeous wine, dark and complex, with assertive leather and licorice spice throughout the boysenberry and bramble character. Touches of graham cracker, tobacco leaf and spice unfold in the mouth. Lush and decadent, with a lingering chocolate-raspberry finish. Enjoyable now, it could show more balance and finesse in 2–3 years."	La Forge	93	75	Languedoc-Roussillon	Corbières-Boutenac		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Gérard Bertrand 2007 La Forge Red (Corbières-Boutenac)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Gérard Bertrand
US	"This vineyard has been source to some of the winery's greatest bottlings. The wine is enormously fruity, with raspberry, cherry and red-plum flavors that flood the palate. But it's no mere fruit bomb, offering the most wonderful tannin-acid structure and a dryness that keeps the wine stimulating through a long, spicy finish. Drinkable now, but also cellar worthy through 2018, at least."	Klopp Ranch	95	57	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Merry Edwards 2010 Klopp Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
France	"This is very structured and full, with a powerful minerality, citrus and spice flavors, and a tight, nervy character. It has the weight to age for 3–4 years."		91	56	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2010  Chassagne-Montrachet	Chardonnay	Joseph Drouhin
US	"Sourced from a 2001 planting of Dijon clone 777 vines, this is a dry, slightly leathery wine with tight flavors of dried figs dusted with cocoa and coffee grounds. It shows moderate depth and length, and seems ready for near-term drinking."	Estate 777 Block	88	45	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Arbor Brook 2011 Estate 777 Block Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Arbor Brook
France	"This is the equivalent of a second wine from Les Valentines, a lighter version of the estate wine. With lively acidity, it is fruity while rounded, crisp but also sweet with ripe strawberry flavors. The acidity at the end is soft, light and bright."	Le Caprice de Clémentine	87	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château les Valentines 2015 Le Caprice de Clémentine Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château les Valentines
New Zealand	"The 2006 Maté's Vineyard Chardonnay is the tightest and least evolved of KR's 2006s, showing slightly nutty, toasted-grain notes upfront, followed by crisp, taut flavors of pineapple and lime. Finishes long, with vibrant citrus flavors. Best from 2010-2015."	Maté's Vineyard	91	43	Kumeu			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kumeu River 2006 Maté's Vineyard Chardonnay (Kumeu)	Chardonnay	Kumeu River
US	"This smells like a cherry crumble pie that's been heavily hit with cinnamon and other brown spices and served on slate. It dances across the palate with hearty spice, very vibrant fruit, cola and acidity that carries from beginning to end."		90	25	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	San Simeon 2012 Pinot Noir (Monterey)	Pinot Noir	San Simeon
Italy	"Blue-flower and red-berry aromas lead the way along with a whiff of eucalyptus. The firm palate offers hints of star anise, espresso and a green note of powdered sage that back up unripe red cherry. It closes on a coffee note."	Riserva	87	29	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Casa Sola 2010 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Casa Sola
US	"There's tremendous tension on the nose of this wine, with the slightest hints of yogurt and crushed ant mixing with a pink limeade aroma. The palate is extremely energized, with lime chiffon and tangerine-skin flavors proving simultaneously rich and zesty. It's superb now but has the bones for extended aging."	Langley Hill Vineyard Estate Grown	95	60	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Thomas Fogarty 2012 Langley Hill Vineyard Estate Grown Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Thomas Fogarty
Greece	"The Rapsani Reserve starts with aromas of bitter cocoa, leather and tobacco, leading into savory sips of plum, chocolate, pepper and cinnamon. Intense and assertive, this wine will offer more generous black fruit as it ages. A serious wine that pairs with robust meat dishes."	Rapsani Reserve	89	19	Halkidiki			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Tsantali 2005 Rapsani Reserve Red (Halkidiki)	Red Blend	Tsantali
France	"Vineyards around the ancient castle of Tracy produce fine wines, like this. It has an intense character, still young, full of fragrant lemon flavors and richly crisp. The wine is going to be impressive, with great depths. Drink from 2017."		90	35	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Tracy 2012  Pouilly-Fumé	Sauvignon Blanc	Château de Tracy
Italy	"Tropical fruit and peach aromas take center stage on this bright wine. The round, friendly palate doles out white peach, green apple and passion fruit alongside lively acidity."	Arcosesto	86	16	Central Italy	Orvieto Classico Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cantina Altarocca 2014 Arcosesto  (Orvieto Classico Superiore)	White Blend	Cantina Altarocca
Italy	"Inky and dark, this has modern touches of toasted oak and exotic spice. Those smoky aromas will decrease with time, giving prominence to the cherry and blackberry flavors already present."	Essenze	91	60	Piedmont	Barolo				Terre da Vino 2008 Essenze  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Terre da Vino
France	"This perfumed and wood-aged wine is so stylish. It is smooth in texture, paced with acidity and shows well-balanced red fruits. The wine finishes with fine acidity and delicious fruitiness. Drink now."	Tradition	91	40	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Bernard Fleuriet et Fils 2015 Tradition  (Sancerre)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Bernard Fleuriet et Fils
France	"Bold and juicy, this is a ripe, forward wine. With red berry fruits prominent, it conveys attractive fruitiness. Tannins in the background suggest medium-term aging. Drink from 2016."		85	15	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Mazails 2011  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Mazails
US	"Viticulturalist Ann Kraemer, who farms Shake Ridge Vineyards for many other producers, keeps some of the grapes for Yorba, her label with winemaker Ken Bernards of Ancien. The result is an exceptionally good dark plum, black cherry and blackberry-tinged Syrah with pepper and meat thread throughout the deep fruit concentration of this still-tight, mountain-grown wine. Cellar another 2–5 years."	Shake Ridge Vineyards	92	32	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Yorba 2007 Shake Ridge Vineyards Syrah (Amador County)	Syrah	Yorba
US	"Smells vegetal and unripe, with broccoli aromas that turn medicinal sweet in the mouth."		80	13	California	Monterey	Central Coast			Bocage 2006 Merlot (Monterey)	Merlot	Bocage
US	"This captures the essential flavors of Washington Sauvignon Blanc. There are no aggressive grassy-herbal flavors, none of the vegetal or canned pea flavors that show up in other New World Sauv Blancs. Here it's all about clean melon and yellow fruit flavors, backed with bracing natural acids, round and ripe."		90	19	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ardenvoir 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Ardenvoir
Argentina	"An unusual blend of Riesling, Albariño and Sauvignon Blanc that is largely neutral on the nose and then waxy, honeyed and pithy in the mouth. Along the way there's an appealing dry, melony, petrol character and some good old-fashioned tang. A breed unto itself."	Tiara	85	30	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Alicia 2008 Tiara White (Luján de Cuyo)	White Blend	Viña Alicia
France	"Soft and gently fruity, this has red-currant as well as red-plum flavors lightly cut with acidity. The aftertaste is soft, almost off dry. It is immediately attractive and drinkable."	Alain de la Treille Le Rosé	85	13	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bougrier 2015 Alain de la Treille Le Rosé Rosé (Vin de France)	Rosé	Bougrier
US	"In much the same style as Brandborg's Riesling, this creamy Pinot Gris has a rich, leesy texture, here augmented with streaks of vanilla and toasted almond. The fruit is tangy and refreshing, tasting of ripe lemons and limes, and the balance and full midpalate show a fine winemaker at work."		89	16	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Brandborg 2007 Pinot Gris (Umpqua Valley)	Pinot Gris	Brandborg
US	"You almost need to lean into the glass to perceive this wine's faint citrus, candlewax and herb aromas, which show some reduction. It's equally subtle on the palate and lacks concentration."		84	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Waterbrook
Spain	"Jammy but generic berry fruit aromas are crowded by lactic, pasty oak scents and vanilla. The wine is hard as cement in the mouth, with jagged tannins. Flavors of sun-baked raisin and plum fold in chocolate and rubbery notes on a grabby finish that includes residual resiny oak. This could use more time; try after 2016."	Lo Mon	88	38	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trossos del Priorat 2010 Lo Mon Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Trossos del Priorat
Argentina	"Heavy hayfield aromas are oxidized, and the flavors of almond peel, citrus pith and baked banana do nothing to impress. Not a fresh or healthy wine, if it ever was. Past its prime."		80	12	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alfredo Roca 2007 Sauvignon Blanc	Sauvignon Blanc	Alfredo Roca
Italy	"Forest floor, chopped herb, iris and red berry aromas lead the nose on this medium-bodied red. On the smooth silky palate, notes of star anise and white pepper accent juicy red berry alongside supple tannins and bright acidity."		89	21	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Collosorbo 2014  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Collosorbo
US	"This wine comes in with a low, unheard-of (in Washington) 12.2% alcohol. The aromas offer reticent and unusual notes of wheat, lemongrass, tobacco, vanilla and herbs while the flavors are tart and supple. It doesn't seem outright underripe but comes off as faint."	Estate Grown	85	35	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cougar Crest 2012 Estate Grown Malbec (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Malbec	Cougar Crest
France	"This second wine of Labégorce Margaux is named after the former neighboring estate Labégorce Zédé that was amalgamated after the 2009 vintage. This is a ripe wine, full of the fruit of the vintage as well as having a firm dry tannic structure that will allow it to age. With juicy blackberry fruits still so youthful, it is going to be ready drink from 2019."	Zédé de Labégorce	89	40	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Labégorce Margaux 2012 Zédé de Labégorce  (Margaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Labégorce Margaux
US	"This is lively and tart, suggesting citrus rind, grapefruit and juniper berries. There's a snap to the acidity and some bitterness in the finishing flavors."		87	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Van Duzer 2016 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Van Duzer
US	"Is this a dessert wine or a table wine? It straddles the line. Let's call it off dry, with slightly sugared tangerine, apricot, vanilla bean and spice flavors that finish clean and zesty."		84	8	California	California	California Other			Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi 2010 Riesling (California)	Riesling	Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi
New Zealand	"This is an easy-drinking quaffer, the kind most people think of when they hear Riesling. It's off dry but well balanced, with slightly broad melon and peach notes. A nice patio sipper for summer 2011."		86	8	Waipara Valley			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Skyleaf 2009 Riesling (Waipara Valley)	Riesling	Skyleaf
Germany	"Despite its honey and pressed-apple sweetness, there's a decidedly earthy, savory tone to this light-bodied Spätlese. Citrusy acidity lends refreshment to the midpalate before a slightly dusty pollen and saffron-spiced finish. Drink now through 2018."	Bernkasteler Kurfürstlay Spätlese	86	15	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Leonard Kreusch 2014 Bernkasteler Kurfürstlay Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Leonard Kreusch
US	"Oak barrel aging dominates,bringing buttered toast and caramel flavors. Underneath all that is a dry, tartly acidic wine, with complex tropical fruit, citrus and herb flavors. It might develop bottle complexity over the year four to five years. You can drink it now, but not too cold."	Hudson Vineyard	89	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Failla 2012 Hudson Vineyard Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Failla
US	"This fruity Pinot is loaded with ripe strawberry preserves, mixed in with tomato leaf and slightly resiny flavors that are typical in Oregon. It's an interesting mix, both ripe and herbal at the same time, but not yet entirely melded together. It will be fun to see where it goes in the next five years."	Stewart	88	34	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Boedecker Cellars 2005 Stewart Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Boedecker Cellars
South Africa	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc and Malbec, this is a bold, concentrated and flavorful wine that will mature well over the next 10 years. Aromas of espresso, crème de cassis, spiced blackberry, boysenberry preserves, tobacco and woodspice abound and carry through to the robust, gripping palate. It's firmly structured, but harmonious in it's overall strength, with final notes of campfire, char and cocoa on the long finish."	Signature	93	102	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Ernie Els 2013 Signature Red (Stellenbosch)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Ernie Els
US	"This offers that tempting aroma of toasted baguette with a dab of butter, then the flavors flow fresh and peachy, while the texture feels smooth and the body not too full. Well balanced between flavors, acidity and body, it brings refreshment to sip after another."		89	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Gnarly Head 2013 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Gnarly Head
Spain	"There's a bit of bramble, hard spice and forest fire smoke on the nose, but the palate is largely fresh, with red-fruit flavors such as plum and wild raspberry. The wine is ripe, a bit sweet and solid on the finish. Imported by Altuve Foods and Beverage."	Chantal Brut Rosé	86	19	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vallformosa NV Chantal Brut Rosé Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Vallformosa
US	"Sourced from a cool site in this southern Oregon AVA, this compelling effort rewards both breathing time and extra attention. Classic funk/umami scents and flavors accompany tangy boysenberry fruit. Suggestions of roasted meat, allspice, licorice, espresso and iron filings fill in throughout a long and satisfying finish. This is a wine you may enjoy immediately and on through 2025."	Steelhead Run Vineyard	92	29	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Quady North 2011 Steelhead Run Vineyard Syrah (Applegate Valley)	Syrah	Quady North
US	"Feels lush and extravagant in the mouth, a full-bodied wine with smooth tannins housing powerhouse black cherry, bacon, black pepper and oaky sandalwood flavors. Give it a bit more structural integrity, and the score would soar."	Unti Vineyards	89	38	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Muscardini 2008 Unti Vineyards Syrah (Dry Creek Valley)	Syrah	Muscardini
Italy	"Il Groto is an easy blend of red grapes that are native to the Verona area in northern Italy. This is the kind of wine you'll want to pair with informal, home-cooked meat dishes like stew or roast beef. Aromas here include cherry, almond and a touch of sweet vanilla."	Il Groto	86	14	Veneto	Rosso del Veronese				Aldegheri 2007 Il Groto Red (Rosso del Veronese)	Red Blend	Aldegheri
US	"A rich, brisk and complex Chardonnay that shows cool-climate structure and the ripe fruit that comes from a good vintage and great viticulture, in a difficult growing region. The pineapple, pear and golden mango flavors are enriched with lots of smoky, buttery oak, and offset with crisp acidity. Decadent and delicious."	Paraiso Vineyard	92	40	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Bernardus 2008 Paraiso Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Bernardus
France	"From a small vineyard near the coast at Hyères, this wine has the freshest red-berry fruits and lively, bright acidity. Its freshness and lightness make it a fine apéritif style, delicious to drink immediately."	Château Castel des Maures Cuvée Jeanne	87	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Les Vins Bréban 2015 Château Castel des Maures Cuvée Jeanne Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Les Vins Bréban
US	"Soft supple tannins open a gateway of big bold respectable power and flavor in this vineyard designate from the famous Napa Valley grower. Black pepper, mountain-like sage, milk chocolate, cedar and pencil shavings all rise to the fore of this impressive, complex, interwoven wine that should do well in the cellar and be enjoyable now."	Beckstoffer Missouri Hopper	93	125	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Janzen 2014 Beckstoffer Missouri Hopper Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Janzen
US	"A barrel-selection, top-of-the-line cuvée, this is intensely aromatic with black cherry, soft leather and baking spices in play. Flavors focus in the midpalate, leading into supple tannins and a smattering of cocoa powder. Overall it's a big wine, full flavored, balanced and already drinking very well."	Casteel	93	75	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bethel Heights 2015 Casteel Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Bethel Heights
France	"A blend of Grenache and Rolle, this easy-drinking rosé features peach and canteloupe aromas, simple ripe strawberry and grapefruit flavors and a fruit-driven finish."	Whispering Angel	86	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château d'Esclans 2006 Whispering Angel Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château d'Esclans
US	"Enormously rich and ripe in blackberry jam, cherry pie and chocolate flavors, this 100% varietal wine defines Napa Valley Cabernet, in the modern style. It's high in alcohol, soft despite firm tannins and sweet, with a generous overlay of toasty oak. Delicious now, although it's hard to see it going anywhere, so drink up."		90	85	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Etude 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Etude
US	"Marked by dryness and crisp acidity, this Chardonnay has intricate flavors of pineapples, Meyer lemons, Asian pears and sweet, smoky oak, with a fine minerality. Classic and complex, it should develop in the bottle for up to six years."	Dutton Ranch-Rued Vineyard	92	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Dutton-Goldfield 2007 Dutton Ranch-Rued Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Dutton-Goldfield
US	"The best of the three vineyard designates in 2010, this firm and full-flavored wine is still a bit tight, and rewards extra breathing time. It tastes like a bowl full of berries and plums with pretty mocha highlights."	Ridgecrest Vineyards	90	48	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2010 Ridgecrest Vineyards Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Chehalem
Spain	"Spicy, toasty black-fruit aromas set up a firm palate with wrenching tannic grip. Spicy flavors of dark plum and blackberry are typical of this type of Monastrell blend. Peppery notes and herbal accents are up front on the finish."	C	89	14	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Carchelo 2014 C Red (Jumilla)	Red Blend	Bodegas Carchelo
US	"Made from all red grapes, including Pinot Noir, Gamay, Sangiovese and Zinfandel, this is an elegant, delicious sipper that has more elegance than you might expect at this price. It's dryish and crisply clean, with subtle strawberry, raspberry and yeasty flavors."	Blanc de Noirs	87	12	California	California	California Other			Korbel NV Blanc de Noirs Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
US	"Perfumed with leather and black pepper, this wine is ultimately overly tart and flatly structured."		82	31	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peter Cellars 2014 Syrah (Sonoma Valley)	Syrah	Peter Cellars
Italy	"Fruit and spice aromas show dark cherry, white pepper and toasted oak aromas of espresso and chocolate, with a hint of orange peel. The palate has fresh strawberry, coffee and citrusy notes but not much depth."	Vigna San Giacomo	87	80	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Stroppiana 2008 Vigna San Giacomo  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Stroppiana
US	"Pretty rich and exotic for a Sauvignon Blanc, with tropical fruit and orange fruit flavors that might easily be Viognier. But it shows Sauvignon's zingy acidity, and finishes a little sweet. Easy to drink on its own."	Grandview Vineyard	87	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Paradise Ridge 2009 Grandview Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Paradise Ridge
US	"Fresh blackberries, wild mint, anise and dried purple flowers make for an appealing nose on this appellation blend from one of the region's pioneering and esteemed producers. There is a pleasantly thick yet lively weight to the palate, with flavors of licorice, coffee, violets, lavender extract, dark purple fruits and a hint of asphalt."		91	35	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Leoness 2012 Syrah (Temecula Valley)	Syrah	Leoness
US	"Pungent and spicy, with a sulfurous opening. Once the SO2 blows off, the minty, licorice flavors poke through."	Brut	86	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Ste. Michelle NV Brut Sparkling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Ste. Michelle
US	"Somewhat muted, this estate-grown wine is most exuberant in pine and dusty cherry. Full bodied and robust on the palate, it retains a grip of tannin from start to finish."	Estate Grown Reserve	86	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Balverne 2013 Estate Grown Reserve Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Balverne
France	"This ripe, full wine has an attractive spice and toast character. Warm yellow fruits and a rich feel indicate the generous, rounded potential. The wine has a crisp side as well as a mineral touch. Drink now, but better from 2017."	Vielles Vignes	90	35	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Christophe Cordier 2014 Vielles Vignes  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Christophe Cordier
US	"Raisin-baked plum defines this hearty, full-bodied and ultraripe wine, rich in red berry and robust on the finish."	Arpad's Selection	85	38	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Buena Vista 2013 Arpad's Selection Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Buena Vista
US	"Almond and anise open what evolves into a concentrated expression of a stellar vineyard site in a great vintage in good winemaking hands. Honey and baked peach initially fool the palate into anticipating that this wine might head into full-blown hedonism, but subtle layers of lemon, grapefruit and pear keep it crisp, fresh and ultimately complex. Creamy, it retains plenty of acidity for balance."	Olivet Lane Vineyard	94	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gary Farrell 2013 Olivet Lane Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Gary Farrell
US	"This 100% Cabernet is very rich in blackberries and black currants, with a thick coating of hard tannins. It's bone dry, with crunchy acidity, but not particularly drinkable now. Age until at least 2022 to let it begin to throw some sediment and soften up."	Tietjen Vineyard	93	72	California	Rutherford	Napa			Monticello Vineyards 2010 Tietjen Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Monticello Vineyards
US	"A brooding bottle of tobacco and dark chocolate with ever-present tannins that go down easy and stay awhile. This single-vineyard designate from Livermore will impress Napa Valley Cab fans and encourage them to get to know this producer. Smith Ranch has body for miles, bolstered by flavors and aromas of blackberry, black plum and fig. This wine will develop further over the next 5–7 years."	Smith Ranch	93	60	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Steven Kent 2008 Smith Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon (Livermore Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Steven Kent
US	"This is a spirited, funky white made from old vines, the wine aged in neutral oak. High in acidity, it has flavors of white peach and coconut."	The Hidden One	87	22	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Leto 2015 The Hidden One Sauvignon Blanc (St. Helena)	Sauvignon Blanc	Leto
US	"A sturdy Cab with some hard, edgy tannins that bite, but with enough black currant and spice flavors to satisfy. Might even soften and mellow with a year or so in the bottle."		85	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Sterling 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sterling
US	"Though not labeled as such, this is single vineyard Malbec all coming from Canyon Ranch Vineyard with varietal notes of plum and black pepper. Aged in one-quarter new American and French oak, barrel spices play off the elegant fruit flavors that largely paint around the edges."	Reserve	87	23	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2010 Reserve Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Waterbrook
US	"A blend of Syrah (70%), Grenache (25%) and Mourvèdre, this tantalizing wine offers a near endless list of aromatic descriptors, from white pepper to smoked meat, currant, mineral, licorice, coffee and dried herbs, seeming to evolve with each swirl. The palate is layered and rich with plum, pomegranate and lingering dark fruit flavors. It drinks best at a cool 62 degrees."	Métis	92	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Maison Bleue 2012 Métis Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rhône-style Red Blend	Maison Bleue
Italy	"Rich and concentrated, this opens with aromas of black plum, tobacco and Mediterranean herb. The round palate doles out crushed blackberry, black currant, cracked pepper and sage alongside velvety tannins that gives it a smooth mouthfeel. A graphite note closes the lingering finish. Enjoy through 2020."	Klanis	90	45	Tuscany	Cortona		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Montecchiesi 2011 Klanis Syrah (Cortona)	Syrah	Tenuta Montecchiesi
Italy	"This approachable, bright blend of Sangiovese and Montelpulciano, has forward sensations of black cherry and black berry, with a hint of white pepper. Supple, round tannins make this very drinkable now."		86	13	Central Italy	Rosso Piceno		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cantina Offida 2012  Rosso Piceno	Red Blend	Cantina Offida
US	"Roasted beef, chipped asphalt and black currant conspire for a very deep and brooding but not overly powerful nose on this bottling from winemaker Trey Fletcher. The palate pops with thyme, rosemary, dried flowers and pepper, with the tangy black plum fruit only emerging with patience. Built to last."		92	60	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bien Nacido 2013 Syrah (Santa Maria Valley)	Syrah	Bien Nacido
Italy	"Earthy aromas of game, porcini mushroom, scorched earth, saline and crushed herb meld together on this. The taut palate offers raw red berry, mineral and grilled sage alongside austere tannins. Drink 2018–2023."		88	90	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lambardi 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Lambardi
US	"A blend of Petite Sirah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Zinfandel, Vezer's Jake's has a good, dark earthy personality, with a depth of spice around its big shoulders and dusty Petite Sirah finish."	Jake's Cellar Master Select	85	39	California	Suisun Valley	North Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Vezer Family Vineyard 2008 Jake's Cellar Master Select Red (Suisun Valley)	Red Blend	Vezer Family Vineyard
US	"Cedar and resin notes rise to the fore in this full-bodied wine that's basic and hearty, with blackberry and dried herb flavors."	Estate St. Helena Highway	86	70	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Benessere 2014 Estate St. Helena Highway Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Benessere
US	"Dusty plum flavors meet baked bread aromas in this tightly-wound, tense vineyard-designated wine. It's marked by an undercurrent of pomegranate and rhubarb, the texture taking on more savory tones of forest and black tea as it finishes."	Betty Ann Vineyard	90	50	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Siduri 2014 Betty Ann Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
US	"This opens with a lightly fruity aroma that carries a hint of fresh bread, butter and vanilla. These lead to fresh, straightforward fruit flavors like canteloupe and apple, again with a bit of vanilla kicking in on the finish. The texture is smooth, rather lush and the wine is light to medium bodied."		86	8	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Coyote Creek 2013 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Coyote Creek
US	"Dry and full-bodied, this clean Merlot has enough varietal character to satisfy. It offers blackberry and currant flavors that are touched by a bit of oak."		85	10	California	California	California Other			One And Done 2009 Merlot (California)	Merlot	One And Done
US	"There is distinct black pepper on the nose, as well as fresh raspberry and a minty strawberry sense. There is mild but noticeable tannic grip, tongue-dancing acidity and great flavors, ranging from plum pie to charred beets."	Limited Selection	92	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Gainey 2012 Limited Selection Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Gainey
Italy	"This leads with woodland berry, blue flower and dried herb aromas. The palate is rather closed and austere but eventually reveals cranberry, pomegranate and crushed mint flavors through its frame of tightly wound tannins and vibrant acidity. Give this a few more years to loosen up. Drink after 2021."		88	30	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Piazzo Armando 2014  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Piazzo Armando
Germany	"Layers of pollen, dusty mineral and spice lend complexity to this concentrated wine full of yellow peach and fresh apple flavors. It's delicate and lithe in texture, yet punchy and penetrating."	Bernkasteler Badstube Kabinett	90	20	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Pauly Bergweiler 2014 Bernkasteler Badstube Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Pauly Bergweiler
US	"Dark red cherry, crushed carnations, rose petals and a hint of nutmeg spice show on the nose of this bottling from an increasingly famous vineyard in this region. The palate's rich expression combines black plum, clove, red-cherry and mace flavors, bolstered by a fresh acidity."	Sierra Mar Vineyard	93	55	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bernardus 2015 Sierra Mar Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"Here's a soft, fruity Syrah that brings to mind drinking with a ham sandwich slathered with mayo. The gentle texture frames succulent flavors of cherries, red currants, cola and salty crackers."		84	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Eagle Castle 2007 Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Eagle Castle
US	"Juicy and fresh red fruit meets an herbal woody component in this wine—a nod to its inclusion of 12% Cabernet Franc. Firm integrated tannins support the full-bodied frame of approachable richness and plush texture, working toward a seamless whole."		91	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Amici 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Amici
Italy	"Subdued aromas of wild berry, scorched earth and roasted coffee bean slowly take shape on this. On the bracing palate, assertive, tightly knit tannins support dried red cherry, espresso, orange zest and a hint of grilled herb. Give the tannins another few years to unclench then drink to capture the remaining fruit."	Sassocheto	87	55	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Grappolo 2012 Sassocheto  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Il Grappolo
US	"Too dark and heavy for a Pinot Noir, with extracted, jammy flavors of grilled blackberries and cherries, as well as an herbal note of jasmine tea. Almost more like a Rhône wine, although on its own, it's a nice, dry sipper. Ready now."	Fiddlestix Vineyard	85	35	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Taz 2007 Fiddlestix Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Taz
US	"This lush, attractive Cabernet impresses for its explosion of blackberry, cherry, cassis and dark chocolate flavors that are so rich and fine. It's almost sweet, but stands back at the last second, making the finish dry and spicy. A beautiful wine for drinking now and over the next 4–6 years."		90	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Whitehall Lane 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Whitehall Lane
France	"Chocolate and bitter coffee show the way this wine has been extracted, leaving a hard edge that currently dominates the red berry fruits. It needs time to soften, so wait until 2017."		85	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Mougneaux 2012  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Mougneaux
Italy	"A powerful, modern wine, this Cabernet Sauvignon from Umbria offers thick layers of red cherry, Asian spice, vanilla bean, toasted oak and cherry cola. There are hints of mature fruit yet the wine remains youthful and vibrant overall with balsam flavors and fresh fruit over a long, penetrating finish."	Cabernet Sauvignon	90	19	Central Italy	Lago di Corbara				Castello di Corbara 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon Cabernet Sauvignon (Lago di Corbara)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castello di Corbara
US	"This young wine is finding its way, tight and grippy still, with a strong sense of oak and tannin. Leathery and savory, with a suggestion of the rustic, it offers a crispness of black cherry and plum on the finish. Drink now after a slight decanting."	Bucher Vineyard	90	49	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Siduri 2013 Bucher Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
Israel	"Dark garnet in color, this wine proffers a bouquet of cassis, dark plum and lavender. There is a nice combination of fruit and savory flavors, notably black cherry, strawberry, espresso, smoked meat and oregano. Soft almost sneaky tannins appear on the palate and then retreat just in time for a vivid finish sprinkled with just a touch of Mediterranean herbs."	EDOM	91	39	Judean Hills			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Psagot 2012 EDOM Red (Judean Hills)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Psagot
US	"Juicy black plum finds a robust tension of tar, licorice and meat in a full-bodied expression of this grape, more usually found in blends in the Napa Valley than standing on its own. This one achieves a balance between power and smoky succulence."		90	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rutherford Hill 2013 Malbec (Napa Valley)	Malbec	Rutherford Hill
US	"The color is dark for a rosé, and the wine is heavy, but then, the blend is Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Pinot Noir. You'll find ripe, strong flavors of raspberries, red currants and vanilla."		85	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Envy 2012 Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Envy
Italy	"This boasts alluring aromas of pressed rose, perfumed berry, baking spice and a balsamic note. The elegantly structured palate is still young but already expresses bright red cherry, crushed raspberry, licorice, menthol and chopped herb. Firm, polished tannins and fresh acidity provide the framework."	Bricco Fiasco	93	85	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Azelia 2011 Bricco Fiasco  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Azelia
France	"Light and fruity, this wine has blackberry flavors to balance its soft texture and dusty tannins. The wine has an earthy edge to go with its simple fruit and lively acidity. Drink now."	Cedrus	85	10	Southwest France			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Cèdre 2015 Cedrus Malbec	Malbec	Château du Cèdre
Chile	"Crisp red-fruit aromas are simple, direct and clean. This bounces along on rubbery tannins and tastes like blackberry and toast. Mild bitterness and grabbiness get going on the finish."	3 Generaciones	84	7	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Soleca 2012 3 Generaciones Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Soleca
France	"Big and bold, this lives up to the reputation of richer Meursault. Yet crispness, a core of tight structure, toast and fresh fruits are always present. The play between the characters is delicious and likely to allow the wine to age over several years."	Genevrières Premier Cru	93	110	Burgundy	Meursault		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Père & Fils 2007 Genevrières Premier Cru  (Meursault)	Chardonnay	Bouchard Père & Fils
Israel	"Violet, blackberry, cassis and blueberry aromas immediately waft from the glass. Rich and ripe, the palate boasts more of the same concentrated fruit in a lush, creamy, crushed-velvet-like texture. Notes of charred espresso bean, vanilla pod and licorice root all unfold on the long finish. Balanced, delicious and affordable."	Appellation	90	20	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Carmel 2009 Appellation Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Carmel
Chile	"It's not often that we come across Chilean Malbec (Cot) with several years of bottle age, but this offers that and a little more. The nose is pure, with herbal hints and plenty of sauvage character. Roundness and depth give it length on the palate, which is endowed with solid berry flavors and proper savory accents. A wine with personality that's drinking perfectly right now."	Cot Reserva Limited Edition	90	22	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Pérez Cruz 2003 Cot Reserva Limited Edition Malbec (Maipo Valley)	Malbec	Viña Pérez Cruz
US	"Aromas of raspberry, black licorice, woodspice, toast and cherry are followed by abundant red- and black-fruit flavors. There's plenty of richness and a finish that won't quit."		91	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Northstar 2012 Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Northstar
US	"Very light in the glass, this bottling shows tons of underripe cranberry, dried rose petals, marjoram, white pepper and tangy olives on the nose. The light-bodied palate shows similar qualities, with fully extracted flavors of tart red fruits, purple flowers and white tea."	Gold Coast Vineyard	92	42	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Point & Line 2015 Gold Coast Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Point & Line
France	"Putting alcohol with grape juice has a long tradition right across France. It doesn't make it any less bizarre. The problem is the alcohol doesn't blend with the grape juice, with two elements sitting alongside each other. This wine, with its sweet fruit flavor of marmalade that is cut by a strong brandy spirit sharpness, is for those who like strange drinks. Enjoy as a long drink and as an aperitif."	Macvin du Jura	87	56	France Other	Côtes du Jura		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Savagny NV Macvin du Jura White (Côtes du Jura)	White Blend	Domaine de Savagny
France	"Produced from the organic vineyards of Les Baux, this wine is pale in color but full of fruity flavor. The blend is Grenache (50%), Cinsault (30%) and Syrah (20%). It has a crisp, mineral texture that's tangy and fragrant with white flowers and red currants, giving it delicious apéritif style."	Garrigues	89	14	Provence	Les Baux de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Vallongue 2014 Garrigues Rosé (Les Baux de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine de la Vallongue
Spain	"This has raisin, earth, mint and dried herb aromas. It feels narrow, but concentrated, tasting of earthy tomato, baked plum and fresh green herb. It has a solid mouthfeel, with a mildly briney finish."	Crianza	84	9	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Vieja 2007 Crianza Tempranillo (La Mancha)	Tempranillo	Finca Vieja
South Africa	"From the cool-climate region of Elgon, the Cluver Pinot offers sweet berries and violet on the nose and an unfolding palate of red berry, coffee and chocolate. Restrained and ageable, the wine's acidity gives it food-oriented character; pair with game or wild fish."	Seven Flags	90	65	Elgin			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Paul Cluver 2006 Seven Flags Pinot Noir (Elgin)	Pinot Noir	Paul Cluver
US	"This interesting blend pairs 66% Zinfandel from head-trained old vines with 34% Grenache to offer a wine that, though six years old, manages to maintain a youthful freshness. Aromas of pomegranate, underripe strawberry, raspberry and candied rose petals lead into a juicy palate of hibiscus and rose hips. The marjoram spice and slate minerality keep it serious."	Two Bills	91	35	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	DENO 2010 Two Bills Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	DENO
Argentina	"Ripe black-plum aromas veer towards prune without fully going there. A full chewy palate holds blackberry and plum flavors, while this finishes oaky and lightly herbal. Overall, this captures much of what's good about Mendoza Malbec."	Reserve	89	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Proemio 2015 Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Proemio
US	"This wine suggests green, savory herbs along with cherry and currant. It's elegant in style, velvety in feel, and delivers good concentration to the fruit flavors plus barrel notes (20% new French) on the lingering finish. The variety gets lost with the herbal notes taking over, but it still offers enjoyment."	Sonas	85	25	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	OS Winery 2012 Sonas Merlot (Yakima Valley)	Merlot	OS Winery
US	"The easy-to-find Gnarly Head, a blend of 50% Zinfandel, 20% Merlot, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Petite Sirah and 3% Syrah, is young and ready to drink.Its fruity nose and peppery spice tmakes it a full-blown crowd pleaser ready for backyard barbecues."	Authentic Red	86	12	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gnarly Head 2010 Authentic Red Red (Lodi)	Red Blend	Gnarly Head
Italy	"Dark in color with thick concentration, this “family” Riserva offers loads of spice lavished over fresh cherry, red fruit and plum. In the mouth, the wine feels thick, chewy and well concentrated with ripe cherry flavors that ride over the long finish."	Riserva di Famiglia	89	38	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Cecchi 2005 Riserva di Famiglia  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Cecchi
US	"A barrel-fermented Chardonnay with creamy texture, this opens with bright, prominent Meyer lemon notes before delving into softer flavors of pear and vanilla on the midpalate. The acidity holds through to the finish, accented by a touch of honey."	Sangiacomo Vineyard	90	35	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	B.R. Cohn 2011 Sangiacomo Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	B.R. Cohn
US	"Made from vines planted in 1890, this is a combination of mostly Zin, field-blended with 13% Alicante Bouschet and 7% Petite Sirah. Ripe in raspberry and blackberry, this also has sleek traces of vanilla and brown sugar. Soft and juicy on the palate, it ends in a dusting of cinnamon."	Alegria Vineyard Old Vines Reserve	90	34	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Miro 2013 Alegria Vineyard Old Vines Reserve Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Miro
US	"Dry and balanced, this Cabernet comes from warmer parts of the Central Coast, where Cabernet gets ripe. The wine is full-bodied and savory in blackberries, currants and cedar. Shows lots of class and harmony."		87	11	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Five Rivers 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Five Rivers
US	"Made from 59% Cabernet Sauvignon, 36% Merlot and 5% Cabernet Franc, much of the fruit from the Garvey Home Ranch, this wine impresses with its thick, rich red and black berry, tobacco and dusty gravel flavors. Well-integrated, it shows restraint without sacrificing body, its nuances developing slowly in the glass."	Proprietary Blend	92	60	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pine & Brown 2014 Proprietary Blend Red (Rutherford)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Pine & Brown
France	"Fulsome notes of ripe, juicy pear lead straight to a fluid, concentrated palate that holds a whole world of ripe pear flavors. This is still deep in its shell, ringing with primary fruit but burying many layers of spiced joy: think marzipan and gingerbread. This is one for laying down that will reward patient drinkers. The deep core of fruit, the concentration on the midpalate and the ultraclean finish all suggest a great future. Drink 2018–2028."	Clos Saint Urbain Rangen de Thann Grand Cru	94	105	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Zind-Humbrecht 2013 Clos Saint Urbain Rangen de Thann Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Zind-Humbrecht
Italy	"You'll absolutely love this wine. Barbaresco Santo Stefano offers intensity, harmony and imparts delicious aromas of sweet spice, wild berries, licorice, tar and light touches of smoke or graphite. It boasts a smooth, rich texture with bright acidity on the close. This is a very pure and pristine expression of Nebbiolo that will live long in the cellar."	Santo Stefano	94	58	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Castello di Neive 2007 Santo Stefano  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Castello di Neive
US	"Understated scents of red plum and fresh pear mingle sweetly with brioche and sugar cookie crumb on this gorgeous sparkling blend of Pinot Meunier and Pinot Noir. Dry, yet concentrated with crisp raspberry and rose petal flavors, it has striking acidity and a deeply penetrating minerality."	Blanc de Noirs	90	75	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Sparkling Pointe 2008 Blanc de Noirs Sparkling (North Fork of Long Island)	Sparkling Blend	Sparkling Pointe
US	"Coming from the highest corner of the limestone-laden vineyard at 1,275 feet—with views of the entire Santa Ynez Valley—this gives off broad, approachable aromas of lit match, bacon fat, purple fruits, pepper and smoked meats. Though full of dried cherry and smoked blueberry flavors, it's leaner in texture, with acidity that keeps it fresh. Drink 2017–2025."	Block Six Purisima Mountain Vineyard	92	55	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Beckmen 2011 Block Six Purisima Mountain Vineyard Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Beckmen
France	"Very soft, faint strawberry nose hints at freshness and summery fruit. The palate foams frothily but carries some bitter edges. Nonetheless, the lemony core makes this zero dosage a refreshing, light-hearted apéritif."	Poussière d'Étoiles	89	28	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Vignoble des 2 Lunes 2012 Poussière d'Étoiles Pinot Noir (Crémant d'Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Vignoble des 2 Lunes
France	"While taut citrus is at the core of this dry, zesty Riesling, it has much more going on. Notions of peppery spice play around the edges, with glimpses of red and green apple. This is juicy and moreish, pure and totally refreshing. The dry finish accentuates the citrus zest."		90	27	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Leon Beyer 2014 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Leon Beyer
US	"Coming from 11 different vineyards, Doug Margerum's blend of 43% Grenache, 41% Syrah, 9% Mourvèdre, 4% Counoise and 3% Cinsault offers squeezed olallieberries and dried oregano on the nose. The palate shows lots of boysenberry jam, leveled by pine-sap and herbal elements as well."	M5 Reserve	90	38	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Margerum 2012 M5 Reserve Red (Santa Barbara County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Margerum
US	"From a vineyard known for producing powerfully ripe, dense fruit with wet-stone minerality, this wine delivers on many of those points. It offers intense, rich tastes of baked apple, graham-cracker crust and crème brûlée. Soft and layered, it ends in a statement of big fruit."	Durell Vineyard	88	60	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Agnitio 2013 Durell Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Agnitio
US	"A very interesting wine from a rarely-seen appellation. The fruit is distinctly wild berry—huckleberry maybe—with spice and good acid. But the finish has a bitter, metallic note that lingers unpleasantly."		83	20	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Joullian 1997 Zinfandel (Carmel Valley)	Zinfandel	Joullian
Italy	"Made with Sangiovese and 3% Cabernet Sauvignon, it opens with aromas of plum, berry, spice, leather and a hint of toast. The palate holds fleshy black cherry accented with notes of cinnamon and clove alongside aggressive, dusty tannins that overwhelm the finish. It closes on a drying note."	Riserva	88	29	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa di Geggiano 2008 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Villa di Geggiano
US	"This is very dry, tart, tangy, and lemony, with much of the flavor from skin phenolics and moderate fruit depth. It tastes of lemon rind and grapefruit rind, and shows plenty of acid."	LEHM Dry	86	25	Washington	Chelan County	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Vin du Lac 2008 LEHM Dry Riesling (Chelan County)	Riesling	Vin du Lac
Spain	"Rich in color and aromas; the nose pushes soothing, fragrant dark-fruit aromas that carry a touch of perfume and violets. In the mouth, the wine is only moderately rich. With full acids and zest, it's not as hefty as many modern Riojas. Still, it's a well-executed Tempranillo with ample oak and good mouthfeel."	La Vicalanda Reserva	88	20	Northern Spain	Rioja				Bodegas Bilbainas 2003 La Vicalanda Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Bilbainas
France	"This wine is crisp and refreshingly fruity. A lively texture gives brightness, and a light touch of acidity finishes the wine on a citrus note. Drink now."		85	16	Burgundy	Mâcon-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2016  Mâcon-Villages	Chardonnay	Joseph Drouhin
US	"From one of the four Pinot Noir vineyards that this producer controls as monopoles, this dark-hued bottling shows blackberry, black plum, clove and star anise aromas. Tart cranberry, sour cherry and strawberry fruit marks the palate, rounded with rose petal and sage elements."	Dos Rubios Vineyard	90	65	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2015 Dos Rubios Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
Italy	"Light bodied and easygoing, this has flavors of red cherry, strawberry and clove. It's fresh and simple, with loose-knit fleeting tannins."		85	9	Veneto	Bardolino Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Casetto 2015  Bardolino Classico	Red Blend	Casetto
US	"Very sweet, with white sugar, raspberry, chocolate and sweet vanilla bean flavors, enriched with the glycerine of high alcohol. There's fine acidity and tannins, yet the fruity concentration falls short. Drink up."	Late Harvest Estate	87	20	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Gustafson Family 2010 Late Harvest Estate Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Gustafson Family
US	"Winemaker Greg Morthole plays all the bells and whistles on this Burgundian-style Chardonnay. Barrel fermentation brings toast and sweet vanilla to the tropical fruit and green apple flavors, while the full malolactic fermentation adds notes of buttered popcorn. The acidity is racy and clean."	River West Vineyard	88	30	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Davis Bynum 2011 River West Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Davis Bynum
US	"A whiff of smoky campfire opens this wine, followed by an unlikely counterpoint of lavender. Notes of black cherry and strawberry then unfurl, along with plenty of earthy mushroom and forest floor. The wine reveals a tension of weight and body as it evolves in the glass, with a bite of tannin on the finish. Let it open a bit."	Trenton 1880	91	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	E16 2013 Trenton 1880 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	E16
US	"This is an uninteresting wine, dry and acidic, with watered-down raspberry flavors."	Reserve	81	10	California	California	California Other			Dante 2012 Reserve Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Dante
US	"This wine has ripe black cherry flavors, great acidity and firm tannins that keep it lively enough to balance the fruity richness. Full bodied, broad in mouthfeel, but with a background tanginess, it is well balanced and keeps encouraging another sip."	Stonewall Block	92	38	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Saxon Brown 2011 Stonewall Block Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Saxon Brown
US	"Light, clear and unfiltered, this vineyard-designate has elements of Christmas tree pine, spearmint and forest floor. Crisp on the palate and somewhat austere, it finishes clean and quick."	Bacigalupi Vineyards	86	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Conarium 2013 Bacigalupi Vineyards Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Conarium
Portugal	"As with other wines from Quinta do Cardo, this is packed with minerals and a dark, stony texture. It is concentrated, full of intense acidity and powerful tannins. Rich, it conveys a genuine sense of aging potential. Don't drink before 2018."	Quinta do Cardo Selecção do Enólogo	91	16	Beira Interior			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Companhia das Quintas 2011 Quinta do Cardo Selecção do Enólogo Red (Beira Interior)	Portuguese Red	Companhia das Quintas
Germany	"Fresh green floral and white peach aromas lend a fresh-linen perfume to this dry Riesling. The palate is a joyful array of mango and pink grapefruit flavors, braced with steely minerality and penetrating acidity. Finishes long, with a sensation of lime-pith astringency."	Abstberg Superior	91	58	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Maximin Grünhäuser 2011 Abstberg Superior Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Maximin Grünhäuser
US	"Cherry-vanilla and cola provide a voluptuous, full-bodied outline for this estate-grown wine, given 20 months in French oak, one-quarter of it new."	Estate	88	52	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Nicholson Ranch 2013 Estate Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Nicholson Ranch
US	"An ebullient, gorgeous example of cool-climate Pinot Noir from an 1,800-feet elevation vineyard at the north end of the Anderson Valley. Sheldon's Roma is classic in its layers of nuanced cherry, raspberry, spice and acidity. Focused and intensely delicious."	Roma's Vineyard	94	45	California	Anderson Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sheldon 2010 Roma's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sheldon
Australia	"A big step up from the “regular” Chardonnay, this is riper, richer and longer. Buttered toast and tropical-fruit flavors, a rich, textured mouthfeel and a smooth, easy finish make this a very enjoyable drink."	Reserve	88	13	New South Wales	New South Wales		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Penmara 2000 Reserve Chardonnay (New South Wales)	Chardonnay	Penmara
US	"Lightly dusted with cinnamon and baking spices, this is apple pie in a glass. Along with the lovely apple-pastry richness come lighter suggestions of pear and peach. This immaculate and substantial effort should be consumed now through 2017."	Three Vineyard	92	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2014 Three Vineyard Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Chehalem
US	"A lovely, supple wine that's a joy on the palate, with its silky tannins and round, smooth mouthfeel. The flavors veer toward raspberries and cherries and finish off with a peppery, spicy aftertaste. This is a lighter-style, jammy wine."	Estate Reserve	88	35	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Laetitia 2000 Estate Reserve Pinot Noir (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Pinot Noir	Laetitia
US	This medium-bodied wine has ripe and semisweet flavors like cherry juice and plum jam that give a soft impression on the palate.	Treo Winemaker's	84	19	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Hess Select 2014 Treo Winemaker's Red (California)	Red Blend	Hess Select
US	"Sweet and oaky, with orange, pineapple and pear jam, buttered toast and vanilla flavors. Plays it safe down the middle by appealing to the popular taste."		86	26	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Hanna 2010 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Hanna
Spain	"A full, ripe and generous Tempranillo, with rich aromas of prune and blackberry offset by balsamic notes and tobacco. It feels lush and smooth, with concentrated flavors of roasted berry, coffee, chocolate and tobacco. Huge and lasting on the finish, has subtle tannins and complexity. Drink now through 2016."	Leda Viñas Viejas	92	45	Northern Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Leda 2008 Leda Viñas Viejas Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Leda
US	"Aromas of butterscotch, spice and red fruit are followed by fleshy fruit flavors. The palate shows a pleasing sense of balance, though the tannins bring a slight grit."	Vineyard Series	89	28	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Milbrandt 2012 Vineyard Series Tempranillo (Wahluke Slope)	Tempranillo	Milbrandt
US	"Lots of blackberry, cherry and spicy cola flavors in this dry, clean wine. It has the classic tannins and balance of a fine Cabernet. Drink now with a good steak."		86	11	California	California	California Other			Fat Cat 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fat Cat
US	"With the two varieties co-fermented in concrete, this has no oak to interfere with its aromas of spice, pear and honeysuckle. It drinks off dry, seeming a bit sweeter than recent vintages, but still bringing the acidity that this region is known for."	ALBA Gewüztraminer-Pinot Gris	88	18	Washington	Columbia Gorge (WA)	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cor Cellars 2014 ALBA Gewüztraminer-Pinot Gris White (Columbia Gorge (WA))	White Blend	Cor Cellars
US	"This vineyard has been source to some of Fogarty's greatest Chardonnays, and this 2009 bottling continues the tradition of excellence. It's bone dry and tart in acidity, with smoky oak and lees influences. But the real star of the wine is the fruit; the flavors of lemon and lime custard, papaya, guava and nectarine are delicious."	Damiana Vineyard Estate Grown	93	50	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Thomas Fogarty 2009 Damiana Vineyard Estate Grown Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Thomas Fogarty
France	"This is a pretty and floral rosé, with attractive notes of strawberry, red cherry, sweet pea and white clover. The light-weight palate offers vibrant notes of red currant and lime peel that carry through to the bright and refreshing finish. Drink now."	Les Vignes de Bila-Haut	86	14	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	M. Chapoutier 2015 Les Vignes de Bila-Haut Rosé (Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	M. Chapoutier
Australia	"Nutty, toasty and tropical-fruit elements are nicely balanced in this wine's appealing bouquet. Subdued tropical-fruit flavors, mineral notes and a buttery, elegant mouthfeel with good acidity follow. The lengthy finish shows lingering, complex fruit flavors."	Limited Release	90	38	South Australia	Padthaway				Jacob's Creek 1997 Limited Release Chardonnay (Padthaway)	Chardonnay	Jacob's Creek
Italy	"Bright berry and dark spice aromas waft out of the glass. A blend of Sangiovese and Syrah, the easy-drinking palate delivers blackberries, crushed raspberries and ground pepper alongside polished tannins. Drink soon."	Bacco in Toscana	87	18	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Guado al Melo 2013 Bacco in Toscana Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Guado al Melo
Germany	"An expressive, extroverted style that still communicates a sense of place. There's loads of dried fruit character here, with apple, nectarine, rose and graham flour flavors that build to a long-lasting finish. Light-bodied, with a spice aftertaste. Drink now or hold five-plus years."	G Kabinett	91	29	Rheingau					Johannishof 2008 G Kabinett Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Johannishof
US	"Strong in black currant, raisin, blackberry pie and oaky flavors, this full-bodied effort has thick tannins. It's pleasant for drinking now with barbecue and roasts."		86	30	California	California	California Other			Dark Hundred 2011 Red (California)	Red Blend	Dark Hundred
France	"This bright, young wine is full of citrus, apples and apricots, leaving plenty of room for fresh acidity at the end."	Réserve	85	20	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Père & Fils 2012 Réserve  (Bourgogne)	Chardonnay	Bouchard Père & Fils
France	"A wonderfully aromatic note of tangerine and orange peel appears first. The palate continues with the purity of ripe aromatic citrus flavors: there is zest and freshness on a slender, lively and bundled body that delivers a blast of tangy ripe citrus. The finish is clean, just off dry and almost addictive—you just have to take another sip."	Linsenberg	92	20	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Henri Schoenheitz 2015 Linsenberg Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Henri Schoenheitz
Chile	"Aromas of tomato, plum and spice are fresh and medium in intensity. Flavors of plum, olive, spice and mild oak finish with toasty barrel notes and a spot of licorice."	Reserva	87	11	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2014 Reserva Merlot (Colchagua Valley)	Merlot	Santa Carolina
Chile	"A full, warm, big-fruited Cab with savory, meaty, oaky overtones to go with solid, acid-rich berry fruit and vanilla flavors. Definitely oaky, but not roasted like many Terranoble wines. Shows slight heat and rubbery qualities, but overall it's a good, hardy Cabernet with serious fruit and structure."	Gran Reserva	88	13	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TerraNoble 2007 Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	TerraNoble
France	"Crisply herbal in nature, this is a citrus fruit flavored wine. It's full of refreshing acidity, giving it a lively, bright character and an aftertaste that reinforces that laser focus."	Alain de la Treille	86	12	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bougrier 2016 Alain de la Treille Sauvignon Blanc (Vin de France)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bougrier
Italy	"Delicately scented, this offers subtle aromas of beeswax, yellow stone fruit, Spanish broom and a whiff of Mediterranean scrub. The vibrant elegant palate doles out yellow apple, nectarine and candied lemon drop alongside bright acidity. A savory saline note lingers on the finish."	Occhi di Ciumi	89	20	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Al-Cantàra 2015 Occhi di Ciumi  (Etna)	White Blend	Al-Cantàra
US	"Dried strawberries, wild berries, cloves cinnamon and cocoa powder power the nose on this bottling from a vineyard named after a famous composer who once owned the property. There's not much fruit on the palate, just a touch of dried black cherries, but plenty of dried herbs, milk and dark chocolate and mocha-cappuccino flavors. It's a touch hot."	Paderewski Vineyard	89	65	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Epoch Estate Wines 2012 Paderewski Vineyard Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Epoch Estate Wines
US	"Earthy aromas of turned soil meet with dark red currant and a layer of smoke on the nose of this estate bottling by the historic vineyard. Strawberry, smoked pork and a touch of lavender show on the sip, which rides a strong acidity that arises in the midpalate and persists deep into the finish."		92	60	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bien Nacido 2014 Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bien Nacido
Italy	There's a spicy element of clove or cinnamon (25% of the wine is aged in oak) that is followed by stone fruit and bitter almond. Tonic effervescence and crisp acidity would help pair this wine with quiche.	Brut	87	20	Lombardy	Franciacorta				Cà del Vént NV Brut Chardonnay (Franciacorta)	Chardonnay	Cà del Vént
Italy	"This opens with aromas of leafy underbrush, wet earth, cellar floor and a whiff of stewed fruit. The dense palate is already evolved, showing dried black cherry, game and walnut before a short bitter finish."	Viandante Riserva	86	27	Tuscany	Montecucco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Impostino 2011 Viandante Riserva  (Montecucco)	Sangiovese	Impostino
US	"The best of the three vineyard designates in 2010, this firm and full-flavored wine is still a bit tight, and rewards extra breathing time. It tastes like a bowl full of berries and plums with pretty mocha highlights."	Ridgecrest Vineyards	90	48	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2010 Ridgecrest Vineyards Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Chehalem
US	"This 50-50 split of Zinfandel and Syrah is skunky and heavy, a toasty concoction of boysenberry and blackberry jam that finishes abruptly with an herbal afternote."	Dueling Pistols	83	41	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	The Federalist 2012 Dueling Pistols Red (Dry Creek Valley)	Red Blend	The Federalist
US	"Pretty scents of rose petal and white chocolate introduce this smooth, mouth-coating wine. There's a hint of peppery herb and a finishing touch of light toast, with clean, well-structured red fruits displaying excellent varietal character."		89	26	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Westrey 2010 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Westrey
US	"With cassis and plum aromas, this mid-weight Cabernet Sauvignon from the Foothills has a taste of licorice and vanilla, particularly on the finish, testament to its 33 months in new American oak."	Estate	86	28	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Martin Lane Winery 2009 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Sierra Foothills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Martin Lane Winery
Portugal	"This ripe, black-fruit-flavored wine is concentrated and intense. Big, bold tannins partner with rich blackberry and black-plum fruits. The weight is balanced by acidity and bright fruit at the end. Drink this wine now."	Reserva	91	25	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade do Rocim 2014 Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade do Rocim
Italy	"A blend of 85% Chardonnay, 10% Pinot Nero and 5% Pinot Bianco, this opens with pretty aromas of yellow flower, candied citrus and peach. The creamy palate doles out zesty lemon peel, mature yellow apple and ginger while vibrant acidity generates a clean finish."	Emozione Brut	90	37	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa 2010 Emozione Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Villa
Spain	"A high level of char introduces this saturated, high-energy Rioja, which also shows animal and wild herb aromas. Oak and vanilla flavors share space with plum and blackberry fruit on the palate, a mocha note echoing on the strong, acid-driven finish. Drink through 2027."	Reserva	90	32	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Quasar 2012 Reserva  (Rioja)	Red Blend	Quasar
Spain	"Broad and ripe, this comes across heavy on the nose, with fig and chocolate cake aromas. The palate is huge and tannic but also jammy. Fig, baked berry and tobacco flavors finish hot and toasty, like espresso."	Prestigio	89	35	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Emina 2010 Prestigio  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Emina
Italy	"This bright rosé made with Negroamaro and Malvasia offers aromas of raspberry, cranberry and almond paste. It is balanced and elegant and offers good density in the mouth. The wine delivers everything you should expect from an easy-drinking rosé."	Kreos	87	17	Southern Italy	Salento				Castello Monaci 2007 Kreos Rosé (Salento)	Rosé	Castello Monaci
Chile	"Rich, succulent and exotic, this Syrah captures the appealing spice and leather notes that are capable of accenting any good red wine. Alongside there's immense black fruit flavors and an underbelly of oaky coffee and mocha. A  touch narrow and short on the finish."	Floresta Alto	91	45	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2004 Floresta Alto Syrah (Maipo Valley)	Syrah	Santa Rita
US	"This blend of Mourvèdre, Carignane and Syrah is still quite young but already shows lots of savory potential. Wild berry, underbrush, subtle game and crushed slate aromas lead into a palate of loaded with mulberry, sagebrush and cedar flavors. It has loads of energy out of the gate."	MCS	89	27	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Municipal Winemakers 2015 MCS Red (Santa Barbara County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Municipal Winemakers
Spain	"Leesy vanilla aromas are scattershot and include bready notes of baked apple and pear. This feels round, plump and low on acidity. Flavors of grassy, green citrus and tropical fruits turn bitter before flattening out on a mild finish."	Brut	85	15	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tarantas 2014 Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Tarantas
Chile	"Fresh asparagus, green bean, lime and mineral make for a textbook coastal Chilean SB nose. The palate is fresh, crisp, clear and lean, with zesty lemon-lime, lettuce, asparagus and tangerine flavors. Long and lasting on the finish, with a spot of sweetness at the end."	Amplus	87	18	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2009 Amplus Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Ema
France	"The wine feels light and very soft. There are some attractive red berry fruits, along with acidity and wood flavors, but the tannic structure is hardly there. It's an enjoyable, lightweight wine to drink now through 2016."	Réserve	84	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cheval Quancard 2012 Réserve  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cheval Quancard
US	"Aromas bring notes of white flowers, candlewax and summer squash, showing no overt new-oak influence. The palate is medium bodied, delivering easy-drinking appeal."	Heritage	87	22	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Browne Family Vineyards 2016 Heritage Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Browne Family Vineyards
US	"The vines behind this wine were planted in the 1960s and 1970s, qualifying them as old in the Napa Valley. Winemaker Lisa Warner uses native yeast as well as one from Montrachet to craft this muted, nutty Chardonnay. Richly textured it is otherwise awash in high-toned citrus, both lemon and pineapple."	Old Vine	88	34	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Leto 2010 Old Vine Chardonnay (St. Helena)	Chardonnay	Leto
France	"After several years working in wine commerce and tourism, Céline Guguen-Brocard in 2013 studied winemaking. This is a bright result in partnership with Frédéric Gueguen, a former winemaker for her father, and Jean-Marc Brocard. This rosé is bright, crisp and full of cranberry fruit and tangy acidity. Drink now."	Domaine Marie B.	86	18	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Gueguen 2016 Domaine Marie B.  (Bourgogne)	Rosé	Domaine Gueguen
Spain	"This is flat and lemony on the nose, with a hint of asparagus. It feels zesty and tastes of tart lemon-lime and green bean. Tangy but not edgy or razor-like on the finish. This is a classic cool-climate white with citrus and green elements running the show."		84	26	Northern Spain	Getariako Txakolina		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zudugarai 2011 White (Getariako Txakolina)	White Blend	Zudugarai
US	"While intensely floral from nose to finish, this subtly nuanced Riesling has a more savory side as well, offsetting stark lemon, tangerine and lime flavors against wet stone and clay. It's ethereal and light on the palate, but finishes boldly with a lingering murmur of astringency."	Tanzen Dame Auten Vineyard 2nd Clone 239 Dry	90	40	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bloomer Creek 2013 Tanzen Dame Auten Vineyard 2nd Clone 239 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Bloomer Creek
US	"From a longtime vineyard source, this wine opens with dried herb and menthol aromas. It's exotic on the palate too, with seductive, silky-smooth texture and a tightness of acidity. Black cherry meets black tea and pomegranate, with just the slightest remembrance of cola. Drink now through 2023."	Toboni Vineyard	93	64	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Arista 2013 Toboni Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Arista
France	"This is an attractive, herbal wine. It has light spice and touches of cilantro as well as crisp red fruits. The wine is bright and ready to drink."	La Croix du Prieur	84	16	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Coussin 2016 La Croix du Prieur Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Coussin
US	"A good balance of berry, spice and fruit recommend this; it has balance and structure and a degree of complexity that will lend it to pairing with heartier dishes. An interesting and fun wine."	V. Single Vineyard	83	20	New Mexico	New Mexico		Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Vivác Winery 2005 V. Single Vineyard Nebbiolo (New Mexico)	Nebbiolo	Vivác Winery
US	"This tastes dry, though the 12.5 g/L residual sugar does round off the mouthfeel. Powerful, juicy fruit flavors of lemon pith, orange peel, pink grapefruit and white peach abound, with a touch of honey in the finish. Two-thirds was sourced from the excellent Hyland Vineyard."		92	24	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Penner-Ash 2013 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Penner-Ash
US	"Very dry, tart and brittle, this Pinot, from a famous old vineyard that pioneered the Napa side of Carneros, isn't very lush right now. The cherryskin flavors are more bitter and tannic than you expect from most Pinot Noirs. Really needs lamb, steak or similar rich fare to wake it up."	St. Clair Vineyard	87	75	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Acacia 2006 St. Clair Vineyard Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Acacia
France	"Situated high on a rock overlooking the river Lot, Château de Mercuès, now a luxury hotel, dates from the 13th century. The wine is as ripe and luxurious as the hotel. It is a dense, solid and structured Malbec, with its powerful tannins balanced by big, bold black fruits. It's a classic wine for serious aging, so wait until 2018."	Château de Mercuès Grand Vin Seigneur	92	25	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2011 Château de Mercuès Grand Vin Seigneur Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Georges Vigouroux
Italy	"Aromas of blueberry, baking spice and a whiff of leather lead the nose of this blend of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Merlot. The firm palate offers black plum, raspberry and black pepper alongside smooth tannins. It finishes on a note of mouth-puckering sour cherry."	Yantra	88	24	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Sette Cieli 2014 Yantra Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta Sette Cieli
US	"Sweet and soft as syrup, this cherry-berry flavored wine has a smoky overlay of vanilla-accented oak."	Cabernet Franc-Merlot	82	34	California	Temecula	South Coast			Leonesse Cellars 2005 Cabernet Franc-Merlot Red (Temecula)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Leonesse Cellars
US	"Bright minerality wraps around a taste of wet stone and unctuous, buttery apple in this silky smooth and well-integrated wine. Lemon rind and brioche each make strong companions to the concentrated richness and ripeness of the finish."		90	42	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mi Sueño 2013 Chardonnay (Los Carneros)	Chardonnay	Mi Sueño
Italy	"This deeply colored wine opens with aromas of black-skinned berry, cedar and vanilla. On the dense palate, notes of toast and tobacco underscore mature black plum. Assertive tannins leave a mouthcoating finish. Drink through 2020."	Pruno Riserva	88	38	Central Italy	Romagna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Drei Donà 2013 Pruno Riserva Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Drei Donà
US	"At first stark and steely, this is the earthiest of Bergström's 2009 Pinots, with a streak of beetroot, tightly wound and substantial red fruits, and an earthy base behind well-delineated tannins. Give it time to breathe, and some lovely cinnamon highlights emerge."	Cumberland Reserve	92	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bergström 2009 Cumberland Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bergström
Argentina	"Earth, rubber and blunt black fruit aromas mix with air freshener on the boisterous nose. It's big and rugged in the mouth, with over-the-top herbal fruit and burnt earth. Charred on the finish, with mild bitterness. Funky in the Cafayate mold."		84	26	Other	Cafayate		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Coquena 2010 Malbec (Cafayate)	Malbec	Coquena
Italy	"Fragrant blue flower, tilled soil and wild berry aromas lead the nose. The light-bodied, accessible palate offers tart cherry and a hint of chopped herb. It's fresh and easy drinking, with loose-knit tannins."	Saporoia	87	19	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Baccinetti 2014 Saporoia  (Rosso di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Baccinetti
Australia	"This medium-bodied Pinot features aromas of vanilla, beet greens and a touch of cola to go with extremely soft tannins. Flavors of cola, cedar and earth end on hints of tart berries and coffee."	Charleston	85	20	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Nepenthe 2005 Charleston Pinot Noir (Adelaide Hills)	Pinot Noir	Nepenthe
Italy	"Toast, espresso, oak and grilled sage aromas lead the way while the firm palate delivers ripe raspberry, fleshy cherry, powdered sage and star anise. Astringent tannins provide support but also dry out the finish."	Case Nere	88	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Enzo Boglietti 2012 Case Nere  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Enzo Boglietti
US	"A pretty peach color, this wine is a blend of Cabernet Franc (79%) and Cabernet Sauvignon. Aromas of dried herbs, bell pepper and spice lead to dry cherry and green pepper flavors. There's interest but the bell pepper notes take over."	Estate	85	14	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Three Rivers 2015 Estate Rosé (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Rosé	Three Rivers
Argentina	"Earthy, rubbery red-berry aromas lead to a hard-drilling palate with fiery cherry flavors and an allotment of herbal mint. The hollow finish leaves a salty flavor and heat."	Made With Organically Grown Grapes	84	12	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaine Jean Bousquet 2013 Made With Organically Grown Grapes Malbec (Tupungato)	Malbec	Domaine Jean Bousquet
US	"This has loud, vivid aromas of hazelnuts and roasted popcorn kernels. It has a luscious medium to full-bodied palate, and it bears bold, protracted honeyed flavors. Halibut en croute should prove a rockin' pairing."	Wild Meadow Vineyard	88	29	Virginia	Virginia				Michael Shaps 2010 Wild Meadow Vineyard Chardonnay (Virginia)	Chardonnay	Michael Shaps
France	"The aromas and flavors of new wood are dominant in this soft, ripe wine. It has opulent black-plum fruit that shows through the wood influence. A touch of smokiness adds spice."		86	45	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Moulin de Canhaut 2009  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Moulin de Canhaut
US	"The aromas offer notes of cocoa, herb, cedar, cherry and barrel spice. The palate is somewhat barrel-forward but otherwise shows a pleasing sense of balance along with a lingering finish."		89	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Apex 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Apex
France	"With its sweet wood, dense fruit and jammy character, this is a rich wine. It has some solid tannins, but they are almost lost in the welter of soft strawberry, nutmeg and juicy red berries. Typically with 2005, this is a wine whose opulence appeals now, but those tannins do suggest some good aging."	Les Suchots Premier Cru	91	145	Burgundy	Vosne-Romanée		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2005 Les Suchots Premier Cru  (Vosne-Romanée)	Pinot Noir	Chanson Père et Fils
France	"Named after the steep slopes that back the Bourgeois winery, this powerful, concentrated wine shows both wonderful white and yellow fruits and a mineral character that gives a superb tension. Packed with fruit and impressively textured, it can still age. Drink from 2017."	La Côte des Monts Damnés	93	35	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2013 La Côte des Monts Damnés  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Henri Bourgeois
Germany	"Vibrant strikes of acidity and spicy mineral tones permeate through this brisk, feather-light spätlese. Zesty green-apple and plum flavors are cutting and spry on the palate, accentuated by delicate, lingering sweetness. Invigorating now, it should gain depth through 2025 and hold further."	Ürziger Würzgarten Spätlese	90	34	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Loosen 2015 Ürziger Würzgarten Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
US	"This wine is half Cabernet Sauvignon, with the balance Merlot and Cabernet Franc. It draws you into the glass with light, high-toned aromas of herbs, flowers and assorted spices. The palate brings a medley of black and red-fruit flavors, with herbal accents that display deftness, elegance and length. It's drinking well now but should only improve with additional time in the bottle. Best after 2018."	William Ivey	91	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	àMaurice 2012 William Ivey Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	àMaurice
Canada	"This solidly fruity wine comes with a generous application of toasty, buttery oak flavors. About 40% was barrel fermented, the rest done in stainless steel. Fleshy peach fruit is awash in buttery caramel and toffee flavors."		90	17	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Nk'Mip Cellars 2012 Chardonnay (Okanagan Valley)	Chardonnay	Nk'Mip Cellars
Italy	"Toast, roasted coffee bean and anisette aromas lift from the glass. The tense palate offers dried cherry, toasted oak, star anise and a hint of white pepper alongside bracing tannins."		88	50	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ceretto 2012  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Ceretto
France	"Smoky aromas from wood aging show again strongly in the tough wooden plank notes that dominate this wine. It's a shame, because the fruit is there."	Cuvée Héritage	84	19	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château les Guyonnet 2015 Cuvée Héritage  (Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château les Guyonnet
US	"From the Palindrome Vineyard, this meaty red is perfumed and thick, velvety smooth in texture and substantial in approach. Garrigue, leather pouch and wild strawberry play well together as wafts of cigar filter in quietly. Brawny, this wine manages to also be balanced and delicious to drink."		91	36	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Inspiration 2014 Syrah (Dry Creek Valley)	Syrah	Inspiration
Italy	"This is an interesting and potentially very beautiful wine that probably needs many more years of cellar aging before it is fully formed. At this young stage it shows raw notes of rhubarb, cola and spice backed by dark licorice overtones. It's drying and tight with jackhammer tannins."	Vallegrande	89	70	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Grasso Fratelli 2008 Vallegrande  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Grasso Fratelli
Australia	"Made in a somewhat restrained, focused style, this wine features hints of smoke combined with peach and pineapple notes to create the impression of grilled fruit aromas and flavors. It's linear and crisp on the palate, with admirable length and mouthwatering citrus notes on the finish. Ready to drink now."	Kevin John	92	75	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cullen 2008 Kevin John Chardonnay (Margaret River)	Chardonnay	Cullen
Italy	This is a cheerful and easygoing rosé sparkling wine that offers measured aromas of wild berry and chalky white mineral. The wine is creamy and smooth in the mouth and ends with a playful sweet-against sour-note. Made with Corvina and other grapes found near Verona.	Extra Dry Rosé	85	16	Veneto	Veneto				Monte del Frá NV Extra Dry Rosé Sparkling (Veneto)	Sparkling Blend	Monte del Frá
Austria	"A soft impression of ripe peach mellows the zesty concentration. The wine is still enigmatic at this point, but will open and reveal more fruit, more ripeness and even more citrus flavors. Enjoy as of 2017."	Loibenberg	93	42	Wachau			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Pichler-Krutzler 2012 Loibenberg Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Pichler-Krutzler
US	"One sip of this blend is all it takes to conclude that it's quite a good wine. Dry and balanced, with smooth tannins, it houses blackberry, black cherry, cassis, teryaki beef and sandalwood flavors. Gains extra points for sheer elegance of structure. Now–2013."	Lila's Cuvée Estate Vineyard	91	40	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Clos La Chance 2008 Lila's Cuvée Estate Vineyard Red (Central Coast)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Clos La Chance
France	"Attractive mid-gold color with intense aromas of ripe citrus and stone fruit, strong minerality and hints of spice. Racy with crisp acidity, juicy, rich and smooth texture with lots of concentrated, bright flavors of blood orange, peach, apricot, mango and spice. Strong minerality follows through to a long, precise, juicy finish."	Alsace One	91	13	Alsace	Alsace				Pierre Sparr 2008 Alsace One White (Alsace)	White Blend	Pierre Sparr
France	"Slight smoke mixes in the nose of this wine, with lifted mandarin-peel notes. The dry palate is streamlined and has uncommon lightness. It's weightless but concentrated, with full and bright citrus lift and a lively core brimming with lemon, bergamot and lime. The finish is wonderfully clean. This will drink well through 2024, at least."	Estate	93	40	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Hugel 2012 Estate Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Hugel
Italy	"Here's a full and generous Barbaresco with tones of bold fruit, cola, leather, tobacco and cured meat. The alcohol adds to the overall muscle of this wine."	NonnOrlando	90	50	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Vigin 2009 NonnOrlando  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Vigin
US	"Soft, subtle flavors of classic Chardonnay mingle with warming spice in this friendly but simple white. Pair with salad or seafood."		83	12	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Billsboro 2006 Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Billsboro
Chile	"Grassy, lightly vegetal aromas of briny gooseberry and asparagus come in front of a citric palate. Flavors of citrus fruits, green bean and asparagus finish crisp but green, with scouring acidity."	Reserva	84	11	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2014 Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Carolina
Argentina	"Aromas of cardamom and clove as well as heat make for a challenging nose. In the mouth, heavy fruit combined with chippy tannins create a clipped feel. Ripe berry flavors are a bit jumbled, with oaky spice notes stepping up. A flat chunky finish is missing skip in its stride. This is 85% Malbec with Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah."	Chairman's Blend Malbec-Cabernet Sauvignon-Syrah	86	27	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cruz Alta 2012 Chairman's Blend Malbec-Cabernet Sauvignon-Syrah Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Cruz Alta
US	"This 100% varietal wine is appealing with aromas of coffee, toasty barrel spices, berry and red fruit. It displays good richness and depth, offering plenty of pleasure now but clearly keeping an eye on the future. Best after 2018."	Seven Hills Vineyard	91	38	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Seven Hills 2012 Seven Hills Vineyard Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Seven Hills
US	"This wine is made from 75% Sangiovese with 18.5% Cabernet Sauvignon and 6.5% Merlot. A little pruney, it falls flat and veers hot on the palate, full bodied and quite ripe. Dashes of cinnamon stick brighten the experience."	Tre Uve	83	32	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pope Valley Winery 2012 Tre Uve Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Pope Valley Winery
Italy	"Aromas of pressed blue flower, spiced plum and pipe tobacco mingle in this blend of 75% Cabernet Sauvignon and 25% Petit Verdot. The racy, tight palate offers black currant, black cherry, licorice and espresso alongside assertive but fine-grained tannins that still need to unwind. Drink after 2017."	San Martino	90	52	Tuscany	Bolgheri Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cipriana 2011 San Martino  (Bolgheri Superiore)	Red Blend	Cipriana
US	"A good, clean, tart and lightly spicy all-stainless style. Cool climate fruit puts the accent on lime and lemon flavors, keeps the alcohol low (13.3%), and makes this a fine match to shellfish, white fish and light pasta dishes."	Whiteline No Oak	87	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Buried Cane 2009 Whiteline No Oak Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Buried Cane
US	"This rocky appellation delivers aromas of wet cement, lemon-lime ice, light mint and a tiny bit of asphalt on the nose. The palate shows cut apples, lemon peels and citrus-laced pear cider flavors."		86	16	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Mercy 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Arroyo Seco)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mercy
Italy	"Attractive floral scents of crushed rose and pressed violet are joined by perfumed berry and a hint of menthol. The elegant, focused palate delivers wild cherry, raspberry, white pepper, clove and chopped herb alongside a firm network of fine-grained tannins. It's still young and tight but loaded with finesse. Drink 2019–2031."	Cannubi	93	100	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Paolo Scavino 2011 Cannubi  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Paolo Scavino
Italy	"Juicy red and black cherry, crushed raspberry, violet, white pepper, cinnamon and sage sensations all come together. Assertive tannins and exhilarating acidity balance out the intense fruit and spice flavors. It's still austere and tight but displays great breeding and serious aging potential. Drink after 2020."	Rocche di Castiglione	94	42	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Roccheviberti 2010 Rocche di Castiglione  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Roccheviberti
New Zealand	"This vintage of Matua's Sauvignon Blanc seems more tropical and fruity than other years, offering ripe guava, passion fruit and pineapple aromas and flavors. It's round and easy to drink, finishing on a bit of a sweet-and-sour note. Drink now."		85	13	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Matua 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Matua
US	"Perfumed in rose and violet, this full-bodied wine is leathery and somewhat dull on the palate, opting for savory elements over fruit."	Steffensen Vineyard	85	70	California	Coombsville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	J. Moss Wines 2012 Steffensen Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Coombsville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	J. Moss Wines
Portugal	"A new wine to join the considerable range from Esporão, this is an unusual blend of Touriga Franca and Cabernet Sauvignon. It gives a wine with firm tannins as well as bold red fruits and acidity. It should probably age for a few more months, so drink from 2018."	Esporão Colheita	88	14	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade do Esporão 2015 Esporão Colheita Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade do Esporão
US	"The most easily accessible of J. Lohr's Bordeaux series, this Cabernet Franc-led ode to Saint-Émilion opens with caramel, vanilla and crème de cassis on the lavish nose. There is ample structure on the palate, with medium tannins, but it's soft enough to enjoy now, with rich fudge, clove and chai flavors laid across tasty black fruits."	Cuvée St. E	94	50	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	J. Lohr 2013 Cuvée St. E Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	J. Lohr
US	"Though much lower in price than the single vineyard offerings—and without the microchip on the label—this bottling carries all of the earthy aspects that characterize this iconoclastic winery. Umami aromas of nori wrap meet with dried purple flowers and blackberry on the nose. The mouthfeel is soft and full, with flavors full of loam, beet juice, incense and crushed boysenberry."	Santa Cruz Mountains Estates	94	42	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Clos de la Tech 2012 Santa Cruz Mountains Estates Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Clos de la Tech
France	"There is a distinct tannic edge to this 100% Pinot Noir Champagne. It gives a firm character and with spice as well as red fruits and citrus. These elements, not quite integrated, show the wine needs to age further. Drink from 2019."	Cuvée Royale Blanc de Noirs Brut Nature	89	100	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Perrier 2009 Cuvée Royale Blanc de Noirs Brut Nature Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Perrier
France	"Starts off with slightly confectionary cherry fruit, accented by peppery spice aromas and flavors. The structure is extremely soft, definitely making it a drink-now sort of wine."	La Ciboise	83	17	Rhône Valley	Luberon		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	M. Chapoutier 2009 La Ciboise Red (Luberon)	Rhône-style Red Blend	M. Chapoutier
US	"Pretty good for the price, with jammy cherry, berry, cocoa and spice flavors. An easy Zin to drink with BBQ or pasta with tomato sauce."	Old Vine	83	10	California	California	California Other			Glen Ellen 2009 Old Vine Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Glen Ellen
US	"Pure Cabernet Sauvignon, sourced from Gamache, Stillwater Creek and Red Mountain vineyards. Berry, cherry and plum fruit flavors fill the mouth, gaining strength and detail as they broaden out across the palate. Highlights of loam and tobacco fill in the finish, with just a slight suggestion of alcohol burn."	Acquisition	88	49	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Market Vineyards 2008 Acquisition Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Market Vineyards
US	"This bottling by fine producer Kunde always shows a grassy, hay-like note to the citrus fruit flavors, so if that's your style, you'll like it. The wine itself is only lightly oaked, and feels crisp and clean in the mouth, as well as dry. The low alcohol is a pleasure."	Magnolia Lane	87	15	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kunde 2009 Magnolia Lane Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kunde
US	"Pretty white-flower, lemon and lime notes waft from the glass of this dry light-bodied Sauvignon Blanc. It's vibrantly fruity, full of fresh pineapple and nectarine flavors accented by a swathe of green herb and bramble. The finish is refreshing, crisp and mineral. Drink now through 2019."		89	20	New York	Cayuga Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hosmer 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Cayuga Lake)	Sauvignon Blanc	Hosmer
US	"This demonstrates, as well as any other example, that exceptional wines were made in the often-maligned 2011 vintage. Cranberry, raspberry, cola and allspice elements are woven gracefully in a lovely wine that closes with just a faint, beguiling whiff of smoke."	Estate Justina	93	85	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Alloro 2011 Estate Justina Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Alloro
US	"Brisk tobacco and red fruit aromas mesh with sanguine iron and cola notes on the nose of this appellation blend. The flavors are quite rusty, with fresh plum, sour cranberry and a bit of pencil lead."		86	20	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	EOS 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	EOS
US	"Of medium build and seasoned in oak, this wine has a classic complement of baked apple and baking spice, providing a layered, ripe experience on the palate that finishes cleanly and simply."		88	18	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Franciscan 2014 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Franciscan
US	"Shows off the reasons why Dry Creek has achieved a good reputation for this finicky variety, Merlot. The wine isn't made big, gooey Napa-style. Instead, there's an herbal earthiness to the cherry-berry fruit, and the dry tannins suggest pairing with rich fare."	Reserve	87	20	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Frei Brothers 2005 Reserve Merlot (Dry Creek Valley)	Merlot	Frei Brothers
US	"Orange blossoms perfume this voluptuous yet elegantly structured Pinot Gris. It's lush and ripe in white peach and pineapple flavors, but jolted by a stream of tart lemony acidity. Finishes moderately long."		88	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Sheldrake Point 2013 Pinot Gris (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Gris	Sheldrake Point
Canada	"Essentially a Bordeaux-style blend (just 4% Syrah breaks the mold), this smooth, silky wine is seductive. The blueberry, black cherry and plum fruit has compelling complexity, further enhanced with flavors of coffee and toast from 14 months in French oak."	LFNG Blind Trust	92	30	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Laughing Stock 2011 LFNG Blind Trust Red (Okanagan Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Laughing Stock
US	"A blend of Syrah, Mourvèdre, Malbec and Petite Sirah from Brassfield's Volcano Ridge Vineyard, this intensely bold wine has an herbal streak and generous layers of blueberry and leathery, mountain-tight tannin. On the finish expect tar and espresso."	Eruption	87	24	California	High Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Brassfield 2012 Eruption Red (High Valley)	Red Blend	Brassfield
US	"Feels muscular and dry in the mouth, with powerful black cherry, currant, bacon, black pepper and sandalwood flavors. The tannins are potent, but negotiable, although you should give this Syrah a decant of several hours to let it breathe."		88	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Stepping Stone by Cornerstone 2008 Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Stepping Stone by Cornerstone
US	"Most of what this wine has to offer comes through its enchanting aromas of mint, cranberry, and toasty spice. The palate—light, delicate, and tart—can't quite deliver on this promise. Still, a varietally correct Oregon Pinot Noir at this price? Yes, please!"		86	14	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Windy Bay 2011 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Windy Bay
US	"Opaque and thick, this soft, black peppery wine is ripe and bright in clove, crisp red currant and cranberry, with a streak of eucalyptus-like mint. It finishes in a subtle flourish of cedar and tar."		88	70	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Paratus 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Paratus
Germany	"This medium-bodied kabinett features an appealing lushness to its texture—it's not a slim, racy wine but instead offers hints of honey and diesel oil balanced by ripe apples and citrus. Drink now."	Piesporter Goldtröpfchen Kabinett	88	19	Mosel-Saar-Ruwer			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Matheus 2005 Piesporter Goldtröpfchen Kabinett Riesling (Mosel-Saar-Ruwer)	Riesling	Matheus
US	"This blend has 80% Viognier, which adds a peach and apricot streak that adds interest to the lemony, grapefruity flavors. Drinks tart, bone dry and clean, with sleek acidity. A terrific, elegant wine, perfect for a first course, and a great offering from this top producer. Editors' Choice."	T bar T Cuvée R	90	19	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Iron Horse 2001 T bar T Cuvée R White (Alexander Valley)	White Blend	Iron Horse
US	"This is a big, tough, tight and somewhat puzzling Pinot Noir. It's bone dry, moderate in alcohol and tart in acidity, with sour red cherry, cranberry, Dr. Pepper cola and new French oak flavors. It's hard and rude right now, although its inherent elegance shines through. The question is ageability. Give it until 2018 and see what it's doing."	Chileno Valley Vineyard	89	44	California	Marin County	North Coast			Couloir 2012 Chileno Valley Vineyard Pinot Noir (Marin County)	Pinot Noir	Couloir
France	"Produced with organically grown grapes, the wine is firm, still tight and with ripe black fruits. It is full, structured with enough fruitiness to balance the tannins. As it ages, this wine will come together into a rich while fruity wine. Drink from late 2017."		88	19	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lion des Aubrots 2014  Côtes de Bourg	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Lion des Aubrots
US	"Lightly herbal, scented with tart pear and tasting the same, this organically grown estate wine is King Estate's best Pinot Gris. Their signature bottling sets a good standard for the grape in Oregon; this elevates it with more detail, density and personality. The alcohol is a sensible 13%, allowing subtle green fruit and herb grace notes to emerge."	Domaine	89	25	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	King Estate 2008 Domaine Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	King Estate
Argentina	"Cool, dark-plum aromas are mildly herbal. This feels drawn-in and tough. Disposable berry flavors come with peppery notes, while the finish doesn't offer much new."	Reserve	84	16	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Andean 2013 Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Andean
Argentina	"Matias Riccitelli keeps the hits coming with this concentrated, extracted Malbec that looks like crude oil and smells like baked black fruits. Chunky, tannic and massive on the palate, this tastes of prune, black tea and licorice. A ripe medicinal finish with controlled heat is tannic and a bit tough to wade through. Drink through 2020."	República del Malbec Partida Limitada	90	75	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matias Riccitelli 2014 República del Malbec Partida Limitada Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Matias Riccitelli
US	"A pinkish copper color, light cherry and raspberry flavors and a smooth, rounded mouth-feel make this full-bodied wine easy to sip and enjoy."	Romeo's	87	24	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Julietta 2015 Romeo's Rosé (California)	Rosé	Julietta
US	"Not too deep in color or overly effusive in aroma, this nevertheless full-bodied wine has fresh red cherry and plum flavors backed by firm acidity and tannins. Its relative restraint and balance will make a great accompaniment to grilled quail or chicken or even roast venison."	Charles Vineyard Zero	91	38	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Foursight 2012 Charles Vineyard Zero Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foursight
France	"This is a fresh wine that has been aged in tanks, retaining its bright red fruits and lively acidity. It is still young although it will develop quickly to give a soft fruit-driven wine."		86	11	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Roc de Ségur 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Roc de Ségur
US	"Balanced and elegant, this provides a peak example of the vintage. It's fruit-forward and approachably soft, yet built to age, with plenty of cheekboned structure and finesse. Coffee and dark chocolate fortress around red cassis and berry. Drink now through 2022."		93	98	California	Atlas Peak	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	VinRoc 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Atlas Peak)	Cabernet Sauvignon	VinRoc
US	"Fans of sheer fruit will exult in this wine for its masses of blackberries, cherries, plums, currants, chocolate and even raspberries that flood the palate. Beyond that, it offers good tannins and fine acidity. There isn't much complexity or layering, but it sure is tasty."	Summit	87	52	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Audelssa 2006 Summit Red (Sonoma Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Audelssa
US	"As with the other single-vineyard wines from Brooks, this was give 18 months in French oak, and shows strong accents of baking spices and plum cake. The fruit leans toward raisins and figs—just on the edge of overripe—and continues into a finish with vanilla wafer and macaroons. There's a lot going on, but it has not (yet) knit together."	Big Cheese	87	48	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Brooks 2014 Big Cheese Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Brooks
France	"In an impressive line up of Premier Crus from Mercurey, this is the most structured. With dark dry tannins and a firm structure it has considerable potential for aging. The rich black fruits are still developing, filling the wine with fine perfumes and juicy acidity. The wine needs to wait, drink from 2020."	Château de Chamirey Champs Martin Premier Cru	93	50	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2014 Château de Chamirey Champs Martin Premier Cru  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Domaines Devillard
US	"This is labeled reserve, but it's a tart austere wine with little charm. The diluted raspberry fruit carries a metallic note through the finish. Note that the front label correctly says it's a 2014, while the side (back) label mistakenly reads 2013."	Reserve	85	35	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Montinore 2014 Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Montinore
US	"This sophisticated and beautifully balanced wine shows that Lodi can make crisp and poised whites. It has aromas like white pepper and dried thyme, crisp lemon flavors and racy acidity. It is nicely dry, clean and tautly refreshing. While medium bodied, it has a big, vibrant presence."		90	12	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sand Point 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Lodi)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sand Point
Italy	"Forest floor, mature berry, wild herb, clove, smoke and pressed flower aromas come together on this bright red. The taut palate delivers ripe red cherry, crushed raspberry, star anise and white pepper set against firm, polished tannins."	Bordini	91	53	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Elvio Cogno 2012 Bordini  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Elvio Cogno
US	"Mostly Merlot (68%) and Cabernet Franc (26%) along with a smidgen of Cabernet, this wine brings aromas of toast, vanilla bean, red and black fruit and fresh herb. The palate is dense and full, with firm tannins providing the frame."	2:02	91	78	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tenor 2012 2:2 Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Tenor
US	"Les Chevaux blends 48% Merlot, 46% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Cabernet Franc and 2% Syrah, yielding a wine that is smooth, supple, and complete. It has both roundness and depth, and a lovely melding of cherry, chocolate and tobacco."	H3 Les Chevaux Red Wine	90	15	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2007 H3 Les Chevaux Red Wine Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Columbia Crest
Italy	"Aromas of black plum, black berries, underbrush and hints of espresso and chocolate all carry over to the palate. It's friendly but evolved, and you'll notice the warmth of alcohol although the official level is moderate."		87	40	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Canneta 2009  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Canneta
South Africa	"The 2011 Night Sky shows more earthy character than the 2012, as upfront aromas of soil, blackberry leaf and pepper are grounded by ripe fruit tones of black currant, plum and mulberry. Medium weight on the palate, with velvety tannins that grip through the long, spicy finish. The dense, tight mouthfeel, firm structure and overall balance suggest this wine will age well through 2022."	Night Sky	92	50	Coastal Region			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Fable Mountain 2011 Night Sky Red (Coastal Region)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Fable Mountain
US	"Aromas of raspberries, vanilla and coconut lead to lightly styled fruit and barrel flavors. It's all about elegance."	Snipes Creek Redd	90	26	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Wine o'Clock NV Snipes Creek Redd Red (Washington)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Wine o'Clock
France	"This estate lies in a valley one set of ridges behind the Mediterranean. The sheltered location gives a warm style of wine, properly pale in color but also with delicious ripe red fruits touched by caramel. Drink the wine now."	Bain de Soleil	88	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Saint Roman d'Esclans 2016 Bain de Soleil Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Saint Roman d'Esclans
US	"This nicely structured Bordeaux blend's aromas begin with violets and roll into cherry candy, while in the mouth the wine is sweet yet firm, with tart acids that are tightly wound. A mix of berry, cherry and cassis fruit is counterweighted with citric acids. Tannins are ripe with hints ofcut tobacco, moist earth and black olive."	Ruby Leigh Red	90	42	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sparkman 2006 Ruby Leigh Red Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Sparkman
US	"Tangerine peel and citrus blossom are fragrant and fresh on this flirtatious off-dry Riesling. Straightforward and juicy in style, the palate is saturated with peach and apricot nectar. Zesty lime and touches of mineral add lift to the finish."	Semi-Dry	88	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Lamoreaux Landing 2013 Semi-Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Lamoreaux Landing
Argentina	"Hedonistic berry, raisin and fig flavors are complete. While this is tight and tough on the palate, it's solid as a boulder in terms of structure and balance. A ripe mix of black-fruit and mocha flavors finishes with all the power one could ask for. Drink this Bordeaux blend through 2027."	Aduentus Classic	93	28	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Antigal 2010 Aduentus Classic Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Antigal
US	"A soft, common wine, sweet in raspberry jam flavors. Easy to serve at parties with tasty little appetizers."	The Slammer	83	10	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Big House 2009 The Slammer Syrah (Central Coast)	Syrah	Big House
Italy	"A blend of 80% Chardonnay and 20% Pinot Nero, this opens with aromas of white flower, dried apricot, vanilla and toasted hazlenut. The palate offers tart apple, lemon zest and note of brioche alongside crisp acidity."	Brut Nature	87	45	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ronco Calino 2009 Brut Nature Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Ronco Calino
Chile	"Crisp aromas of grassy green fruits, cactus and nettle set up a standard palate, which for this wine means ripped and racy. Flavors of stone fruits, lime, passion fruit and bitter greens end lightly bitter, juicy and green."	EQ Coastal	89	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matetic 2013 EQ Coastal Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Matetic
France	"Solid tannins and rich fruit come together in this ripe, still-young wine. It has good potential, with bold black fruit and a dense, mineral texture. It will need several years for those tannins to soften. Drink from 2021."		88	15	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château des Demoiselles 2015  Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château des Demoiselles
Italy	"Made entirely from Cabernet Sauvignon, Nemo is hard to analyze. It has typical Cabernet plum and cassis aromas, but also the scent of pickles. The palate is very soft, especially compared to the estate's Chianti. Flavorsof soy sauce, licorice and green pepper make for a confusing palate. It has its virtues, but also some faults. Hence the rating."	Nemo	87	38	Tuscany	Toscana		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castello di Monsanto 1998 Nemo Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castello di Monsanto
France	"This is a “safe” rosé, with nothing outstanding but nothing out of place. It's medium-bodied and round in texture, with notes of stone fruits and berries balanced by crisper notes of underripe melon and a moderately long finish."	Héritages	86	16	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ogier 2012 Héritages Rosé (Côtes du Rhône)	Rosé	Ogier
Austria	"Wonderfully heady notes of berries preserved in spirit, with vague hints of dried apple slices, strike a sonorous note, with a seemingly more grown-up sweetness, tempered by almost autumnal flavors of cinnamon. A rounded but totally precise body speaks of purity, which is only highlighted by glimpses of very ripe, yellow Mirabelle plums. A very elegant BA."	Beerenauslese Selektion	93	37	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Heidi Schröck 2013 Beerenauslese Selektion White (Burgenland)	White Blend	Heidi Schröck
US	"Bring this down to the cellar and let it sleep for at least 5–6 years. It's super-tannic, giving a hard, angular mouthfeel, even though the blackberry, cherry, currant and cedar flavors are powerful. It just wants to throw some sediment and let that mountain fruit shine."	Gist Ranch Estate	90	48	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Thomas Fogarty 2005 Gist Ranch Estate Merlot (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Merlot	Thomas Fogarty
US	"This young Chardonnay packs an overpowering array of scents and flavors, and it may get better if they mellow over time. The nose offers grapefruit, guava and vanilla, while the palate is dominated by canned pears."		85	22	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Still Waters 2013 Chardonnay (Paso Robles)	Chardonnay	Still Waters
Italy	"A bright herbal note of chopped mint or fresh oregano opens the nose of this plush Bordeaux blend from Bolgheri, Tuscany. Within a few minutes in the glass, it starts to deliver attractive notes of black olive, blackberry and wild sage."		89	33	Tuscany	Bolgheri				Campo al Mare 2009  Bolgheri	Red Blend	Campo al Mare
Spain	"Ripe berry, black cherry and leather aromas come together nicely in front of a creamy palate with just enough acid-tannin tension. Lightly herbal, spicy blackberry flavors are savory rather than dark and fruity. The wine tastes spicy and peppery on a finish that feels right."	Crianza	89	18	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Catania 2014 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Catania
Argentina	"Earthy up front, with a heavy, mildly herbal set of berry aromas. The palate is juicy and fairly solid, with fresh red-berry flavors accented by a dose of creamy vanilla. Long on the finish for basic Merlot, with an herbal lasting impression."		85	13	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ombu 2008 Merlot	Merlot	Ombu
France	"This medium-sweet proposition takes off on silky wings of lemony freshness. The interplay thus created spells fun and balance. Citric freshness is the decisive, playful, enjoyable factor here."		88	18	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Joseph Fritsch 2014 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Joseph Fritsch
US	"The historic winery's most widely accessible bottling, this is a solid everyday sipper, showing concentrated olallieberry, black plum, violet and teriyaki aromas. The palate discloses blackberry and mint, with touches of pepper and lavender."		88	25	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2012 Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Zaca Mesa
Chile	"At first the nose is scattered, offering iodine and Italian herbs but little fruit. In the mouth, blackberries appear. The finish is a bit like coffee. This wine has some character and appeal but also some fading characteristics. Maybe this 1998, never a great year, is just too old."	Catalina	85	28	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 1998 Catalina Red (Rapel Valley)	Red Blend	Santa Ema
New Zealand	"This blend of four Bordeaux varieties (40% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot, 29% Cabernet Franc, 1% Petit Verdot) is reasonably full in the mouth, with subdued aromas of blackberry and cola. Dark berry, earth and mocha flavors finish long and velvety. Drink now–2025."	Gimblett Gravels The Gimblett	90	30	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Trinity Hill 2013 Gimblett Gravels The Gimblett Red (Hawke's Bay)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Trinity Hill
France	"Situated in the foothills of the Alpilles mountains, in the heart of the landscape painted by Van Gogh, this estate has produced a ripe style of rosé. A fine reflection of the vintage, it is full of red fruits and touches of orange. The crisp, lighter side makes it refreshing."		89	21	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine d'Eole 2015 Rosé (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rosé	Domaine d'Eole
Argentina	"Herbal, slightly leafy and roasted on the nose. Feels solid, juicy and a touch creamy from the oak treatment, with a spicy, quick-fading palate housing standard raspberry and plum flavors. Shows acidic scour, spice and modest fruit on the finish."		85	16	Other	Patagonia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valle Azul 2009 Malbec (Patagonia)	Malbec	Valle Azul
South Africa	"Everything about this elegant Chardonnay says balance and proportion. The tropical fruit shadings are carried by a solid acid backbone and accented smartly by mineral notes. A subtle yet rich perfume provides unexpected pleasure, and this wine has structure, reserve and depth. Can last two to five years."		90	15	Stellenbosch					Waterford 1999 Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Waterford
US	"Soft, fruity and tannic, this has jammy blackberry, blueberry and currant flavors. It's ripe and tasty, but rustic, with some less-than-ripe mint flavors and edgy tannins."		85	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Ca' Momi 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ca' Momi
US	"It's hard to choose a favorite amongst Harbes' 2014 Merlots but this one stands out for its finessed body and subtle spice and licorice tones. Intensely ripened black plum and berry flavors are concentrated but balanced, offset by brisk acidity and fine-grained persistent tannins. The finish is long with a meandering smoky tone."	Proprietor's Reserve Barrel Fermented	90	42	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Harbes Family Vineyard 2014 Proprietor's Reserve Barrel Fermented Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Harbes Family Vineyard
US	"Dramatically rich and structured, this mountain blend of Bordeaux varieties needs time in the cellar. Right now, it's tannic and astringent, with youthful flavors of blackberries, minerals and smoky new oak. But it's a very fine wine that should hold and mellow through 2014."	Marriage	93	75	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Terra Valentine 2006 Marriage Red (Spring Mountain District)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Terra Valentine
Australia	"Tempranillo could be an interesting variety in South Australia going forward. This rosé features hints of sous bois and cherries on the nose, then adds melon and spice notes on the palate. It's plump in the mouth, then finishes on a dry, silky note."	Luna de Fresca Biodynamic Tempranillo	88	19	South Australia	McLaren Vale		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Gemtree 2016 Luna de Fresca Biodynamic Tempranillo Rosé (McLaren Vale)	Rosé	Gemtree
US	"Substantial and authoritative, this ripe and tannic wine turns quickly to the dark side. Dark fruits—black cherry and cassis—are joined to barrel flavors of roasted coffee and dark chocolate. Yet it's never too heavy, and stays balanced through a medium-long finish."	Reserve	89	29	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Noble Estate 2012 Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Noble Estate
South Africa	"Fresh and vibrant, this offers lively notes of green gooseberry as well as lime pith and leaf that continue on to the light, zippy palate. It's clean, bright and easy to drink, with a saline accent on the close. Drink now."	Christina The Heritage Collection	88	19	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Van Loveren 2016 Christina The Heritage Collection Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	Van Loveren
US	"Dry, tart and citrusy. Offers streamlined flavors of lemons, limes, tannic herb tea and minerals, with oak and lees adding much-needed richness. It's elegant in a Chablisian way, but trades fruity opulence for a more complex, connoisseur's austerity. Drink now, and don't over-chill."	Durell Vineyard	88	53	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Tor Kenward 2008 Durell Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Tor Kenward
US	"The winery's regular Pinot Gris approaches 15% alcohol, and this takes it a step farther. Not overly sweet, but identifiably late harvest, the fermentation has been stopped at 60g/L residual sugar, and fortified with some neutral spirit. White Port may have been the concept, but it hasn't really come together in the bottle."	Indulgence	85	12	Oregon	Elkton Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	River's Edge 2013 Indulgence Pinot Gris (Elkton Oregon)	Pinot Gris	River's Edge
South Africa	"This wine starts with an intriguing nose that is at once floral, fresh and spicy. On the palate, it's racy and fun but has an elegant, delicate edge. A combination of lemon and grass flavors with tropical melons and fruits are balanced and enjoyable. A good go-to white that will pair well with grilled seafood and salads."	Estate	85	17	Robertson			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	De Wetshof 2008 Estate Sauvignon Blanc (Robertson)	Sauvignon Blanc	De Wetshof
Chile	"Lime and passion fruit aromas are subtle and appealing. This delivers a fresh, alert palate and crisp, lightly brined flavors of lettuce, apple and cucumber. On the finish, it runs peppery but not overly aggressive."	Reserve	87	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alba 2014 Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Maule Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Alba
US	"Blossom and berry notes are accented by hints of smoked nut in this refreshingly light-bodied wine. Zesty and lithe on the palate, it's an ideal summer-to-fall apéritif or porch sipper. The moderately long finish is marked with a hint of waxy florals."	Bridge Lane	89	18	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Lieb 2015 Bridge Lane Rosé (New York)	Rosé	Lieb
South Africa	"Cinnamon, plum, blackberry and cedar aromas start this rich but poised red. Savory flavors of black fruit and spice are accompanied by fine, chalky tannins. Pair with lamb, richer fare."	Bonne Nouvelle	90	34	Stellenbosch			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Remhoogte 2003 Bonne Nouvelle Red (Stellenbosch)	Red Blend	Remhoogte
US	"Sadly, only one barrel was made of this exceptional wine, from what may be the best site for Malbec in the entire state. It's a mouth-teasing mix of plum, cherry, cola, chocolate and clean loam, with silky tannins and a hint of Bourbon on the finish."	LVLL Stone Tree Vineyard	93	40	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kontos 2009 LVLL Stone Tree Vineyard Malbec (Wahluke Slope)	Malbec	Kontos
US	"Elyse has emerged as one of the most dependable producers of Zinfandel in California. This wine shows some overripeness in the raisin flavor, but there are plenty of blueberry jam, chocolate, baking spice and sandalwood notes. The tannins are firm yet supple."	Korte Ranch	90	37	California	St. Helena	Napa			Elyse 2009 Korte Ranch Zinfandel (St. Helena)	Zinfandel	Elyse
Israel	"Dark ruby in color, this wine has a bouquet of black cherry, green pepper and pomegranate. Smooth tannins provide a backdrop for flavors of black cherry, cranberry, smoke and Mediterranean herbs that recede slightly on the bright cherry finish."	Adama	91	22	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Tabor 2011 Adama Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tabor
US	"Grown on the producer's 1,800-foot-high, dry-farmed property west of St. Helena from 40-year-old vines, this is a great wine, structured and elegantly designed to highlight cassis, clove and cigar. Thick, heady tannins soften in the glass, allowing room for enviable structure and a black pepper-dotted finish."		93	48	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Smith-Madrone 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Spring Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Smith-Madrone
France	"Produced by the owners of Châteauneuf-du-Pape estate Château Mont-Redon, this is a full and fruity wine. It has a good balance between acidity and red berry fruits that give a rich character. Packed with flavor, it's ready to drink."		91	17	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Riotor 2014 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Riotor
France	Juicy red fruit dominates this wine. It has some firm tannins underneath—just enough to support the delicious raspberry and red-currant flavors. It is maturing well and will be ready to drink from 2017.		88	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Auguste 2014  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Auguste
US	"Another stunning deal on this annual bottling, this wine is jammy and fruity on the nose with buttered cherries and berry jam, yet layered with baking spice and wet clay minerality. Dried strawberries, black cherries and plums show on the palate, enhanced by a toasted clove, graphite, juniper and forest floor mintiness."	Huntington	91	24	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pali 2014 Huntington Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Pali
Italy	"Executed in a streamlined and traditional fashion, this ruby-colored wine shows tart acidity and bright fruit flavors of wild berry and blueberry. Medium bodied, this would pair beautifully with lamb or pork chops."		87	18	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Carpineto 2010  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Carpineto
US	"This Merlot is soft and very rich in forward fruit. The flavors range from cherry jam, red currants and anise to melted milk chocolate and the buttered toast and spice of oak. Seems fully ready to drink now."	Estate	87	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Frazier 2007 Estate Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Frazier
France	"Produced at Château Haut-Bailly, this concentrated red show the attractive fruit of 2011. It's tannins are relatively gentle, a fine counter-point to the red berry and currant fruits. It's a wine for medium-term aging over the next 4–6 years."		89	100	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château le Pape 2011  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château le Pape
Spain	"Take the bubbles out of Cava and this is pretty much what's left. The nose is light, with peach and banana aromas. Tangy flavors of orange and pineapple are lively but lacking, and the finish is ripe but simple. For flush flavors and just enough zap, this is good."	Can Feixes Blanc Selecció	84	13	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Huguet de Can Feixes 2006 Can Feixes Blanc Selecció White (Penedès)	White Blend	Huguet de Can Feixes
Spain	"Dusty berry and cherry aromas include candied notes of cherry cough drop and marshmallow. Simple and choppy in feel, with some resiny oak character, this tastes like red plum and vanilla, while the aftertaste turns salty."	Crianza	85	11	Central Spain	Valdepeñas		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Albali 2011 Crianza Tempranillo (Valdepeñas)	Tempranillo	Viña Albali
France	"The texture and structure of this wine may be light but the fruitiness is so appealing. Soft and ripe with red-berry fruit flavors and refreshing acidity, it will develop quickly and be ready to drink from 2017."	Les Serpentières Premier Cru	88	49	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maurice Ecard 2013 Les Serpentières Premier Cru  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Maurice Ecard
US	"This limited-production Chardonnay has the scents and flavors of just-baked, well-buttered biscuits. The fruit is a mix of peaches and pears, but the barrel influences—fermentation was done in 20% new French oak—have not quite settled into a seamless whole. That raw edge should smooth out with further time in bottle."		86	29	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Benton-Lane 2011 Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Benton-Lane
Italy	"A blend of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot and 10% Petit Verdot, this opens with aromas of red currant, clove and toast. The structured, elegant palate doles out plum, sage and tobacco alongside fine-grained tannins. Drink 2017–2022."	Saffredi	91	100	Tuscany	Maremma Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Le Pupille 2013 Saffredi  (Maremma Toscana)	Red Blend	Fattoria Le Pupille
US	"Plusher and rounder than the Special Reserve bottling, Millbrook's standard label Merlot suggests soft red-cherry flavor accented with cocoa powder, savory mushroom and beetroot. Gentle acidity and fine-grained tannins accentuate its plump juicy feel. Drink now through 2019."		86	20	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Millbrook 2014 Merlot (New York)	Merlot	Millbrook
US	"There's not much Chardonnay grown on Howell Mountain, but here's one to check out. It has an unusually pungent earthiness, leading to rich flavors of yellow apricots, lemon tart and kumquats, with a complex touch of mushroom. Bone dry and crisp, it should develop bottle complexities over the next 5–6 years."		91	45	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Freemark Abbey 2009 Chardonnay (Howell Mountain)	Chardonnay	Freemark Abbey
US	"Though labeled sweet, this has just enough acidity to feel off-dry in the mouth. It brings a mix of pear and peach, apple and orange peel flavors, which fade rather quickly into a flat finish."	Sweet	83	15	Washington	Lake Chelan	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lake Chelan 2009 Sweet Riesling (Lake Chelan)	Riesling	Lake Chelan
US	"A rustic, common wine, marked by some unripe aromas and a sweet, candied raspberry taste. It's okay for big parties."		82	20	California	California	California Other			Jack Tone NV Red (California)	Red Blend	Jack Tone
Spain	"Plenty of new oak is announced via aromas of coconut, mint, vanilla and burnt toast. but offsetting that is lively berry and cola flavors. As it opens and settles in, you get a wall of fierce tannins that aren't likely to fade any time soon. So unless you have years to cellar this wine, it will likely hold onto its hard, tannic personality. Hold another three years, if possible."	Reserva Real	89	150	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Torres 2003 Reserva Real Red (Penedès)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Torres
France	"This is a ripe and fruity rosé, with forward notes of lychee, rose water, peach gummies and tropical fruit salad. The palate is round and plump in similarly rich fruit flavors, with just enough acidity to keep it from feeling completely flat. Drink up."		84	10	France Other	Vin de France		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Scarlet of Paris 2015 Rosé (Vin de France)	Rosé	Scarlet of Paris
Portugal	"Blending Touriga Franca, Syrah and Alicante Bouschet, this is an attractive young wine. With both acidity and tannins already integrated into the ripe black fruit, it is a wine to drink young."		85	15	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Terra Silvestre 2015 Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Terra Silvestre
Israel	"Notes of light grass, green melon rind and a touch of green pepper unfold in the bouquet, while the palate boasts more citrus-based flavors of lime and tart gooseberry. This is bright and lively, with a short, mouthwatering finish."		85	13	Shomron			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Recanati 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Shomron)	Sauvignon Blanc	Recanati
Italy	"This presents aromas of toasted oak, espresso and a whiff of burned tire rubber. The lean palate displays raw, red cherry, coffee and oak extract alongside astringent tannins that leave an abrupt, bitter finish."	Vignabenefizio	84	19	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vignaioli del Morellino di Scansano 2013 Vignabenefizio  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Vignaioli del Morellino di Scansano
US	"This is an ambitious, Super Tuscan-esque blend of 60% Sangiovese, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon 10% and Petit Verdot. It shows woody cedar, violet flowers and dense purple fruit on the nose. Tongue-tingling acidity enlivens the palate, which offers good tension between blackberry juice and tarry grip."	Gemellaia	89	45	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Giornata 2012 Gemellaia Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Giornata
France	"This is a big, weighty tannin- and wood-dominated wine, with a structure that is firm, dry and concentrated. It shows the firm structure of the year, and the juicy black fruits are still waiting to show. Give it 2–3 years."		86	17	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château des Demoiselles 2010  Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château des Demoiselles
US	"Has the richness, weight and texture of a barrel-fermented Chardonnay, but with spicier, tangier flavors. They range from green apples and nectarines all the way over to mangoes, papayas and vanilla bean."	Basor Terrace Vineyard	87	19	California	Santa Cruz County	Central Coast			William Knuttel 2007 Basor Terrace Vineyard Pinot Gris (Santa Cruz County)	Pinot Gris	William Knuttel
Australia	"Herbal and lean, with hints of sweet charred oak and tart cherries that combine to yield a slightly confected impression on the palate. Drink now."	Yellow Label	83	13	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Wolf Blass 2008 Yellow Label Cabernet Sauvignon (South Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Wolf Blass
Spain	"Gritty earthy aromas come up short on freshness and clarity. This feels raw and pinching, with dry rubbing tannins. Gritty peppery berry flavors are oaky, while this finishes with savory berry, herb and tobacco flavors. Hammering tannins suggest decanting and/or service with hearty foods."	Reserva	89	50	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salcis 2009 Reserva  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Salcis
US	"Woody, wet herbs of oregano and thyme mix with bitter chocolate, a whiff of smoke and extract cranberry and blueberry on the nose of this winery's top-end bottling. Dark flavors of black cherries, blueberries and pencil lead show on the highly structured palate."	Astral	88	90	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Star Lane Vineyard 2011 Astral Cabernet Sauvignon (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Star Lane Vineyard
US	"Softly delicious, this is a beautiful Merlot to drink now. It's a little hot in alcohol on the finish, but feels elegant in the mouth, offering waves of cherries, currants and mocha."	Unfiltered	87	35	California	Calistoga	Napa			Barlow 2009 Unfiltered Merlot (Calistoga)	Merlot	Barlow
US	"This is a real New Zealand-style Sauvignon Blanc. It's dry and tart, with rich gooseberry, lime, green apple, Asian pear, vanilla and white pepper flavors. A touch of oak brings a pleasant, buttery toastiness. The grapes come from the cool Arroyo Seco AVA and the warm San Lucas AVA, a brilliant blending decision that makes this wine especially balanced."		89	16	California	Monterey	Central Coast			Morgan 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Monterey)	Sauvignon Blanc	Morgan
France	"A smooth, deliciously drinkable blend of Mauzac and Loin de l'Oeil gives crisp acidity, green fruits and tangy acidity. It's a wine that's fresh and ripe at the same time, a very dry wine that will certainly be best with food. Drink from late 2016."	Grande Tradition	86	15	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Terrisses 2015 Grande Tradition White (Gaillac)	White Blend	Domaine des Terrisses
US	"This shows petrol, honey and brie cheese rind notes on the nose, and is quite creamy once sipped, yet the edges are punctuated with orange peel bitterness. The tartness ensures cellaring potential, so drink 2018–2025."	Paragon Vineyard	91	20	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zocker 2012 Paragon Vineyard Riesling (Edna Valley)	Riesling	Zocker
US	"Oak sticks out, giving a caramelized richness that dominates the underlying fruit. While it's dry and moderate in alcohol, it tastes and feels overly-manipulated."	The Bombadier	84	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Ernest 2012 The Bombadier Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Ernest
New Zealand	"Driven by bold pineapple and passion fruit aromas, this medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc boasts a smooth mouthfeel and silky texture. It's a nice drop, with the only quibble being that the herb and citrus flavors peter out a bit quickly on the finish."		88	20	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Long Boat 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Long Boat
US	"Aromas of pear, brioche and citrus peel are forward. The palate brings lively citrus and spice flavors that linger."	Blanc de Blancs Brut Méthode Champenoise	89	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Treveri Cellars NV Blanc de Blancs Brut Méthode Champenoise Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Treveri Cellars
US	"A complex mélange of briny, preserved lemon, apple crisp and caramel brittle, this wine is deceptively elegant and refined, with a dark, brooding finish."	Oro de Plata	92	33	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Keller 2013 Oro de Plata Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Keller
Italy	"Here's a bright and delicious Morellino made from a blend of Sangiovese (85%) and Ciliegiolo (15%). It begins with a mouthwatering fruit fragrance of red cherry and strawberry with whiffs of white pepper that carry over to the palate. The juicy fruit flavors are accompanied by fresh acidity and supple tannins. This is made to be drunk young so enjoy soon. Vos Selections, Tosco Wine."	Bellamarsilia	88	16	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio Argentiera 2012 Bellamarsilia  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Poggio Argentiera
US	"There's a feral quality to this single-vineyard bottling, with dried rose petals, damp pine needles, dehydrated shiitake mushrooms and touches of violet, potpourri and dried ginger on the nose. The mouthfeel is velvety, with lilac and lavender decorating a base of cranberry and boysenberry fruit."	Ashley's	92	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fess Parker 2013 Ashley's Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Fess Parker
Portugal	"Produced from old vines in a quinta in the high eastern end of the Douro, in Douro Superior, this wine is aged for 15 months in wood. That has broadened the tannins and given the wine its rich, opulent black fruit character. After four years, it is still young, and should not be touched until 2018."	Quinta da Pedra Cavada Grande Reserva	93	69	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Colinas do Douro 2012 Quinta da Pedra Cavada Grande Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Colinas do Douro
US	"You won't miss the presence of oak in this Chardonnay. It's brilliantly forward, ripe and savory, with orange, mango and lime flavors. Natural acidity and a creamy, leesy richness bring extra layers of appeal, and the finish is thoroughly dry."	Unoaked	92	27	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			Iron Horse 2010 Unoaked Chardonnay (Green Valley)	Chardonnay	Iron Horse
US	"A touch of mushroomy unripeness undermines this Pinot Noir. That is a limiting factor, but the wine does show beautiful Pinot silkiness, and good enough raspberry and cola fruit."		84	23	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Sonoma Hills 2011 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sonoma Hills
Austria	"A dry, lively, raspberry-flavored wine, with a light mousse. Fruity, fresh and streaked with lemon-zest acidity, it has just the right texture and balance."	Brut Rosé	88	44	Österreichischer Sekt			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bründlmayer NV Brut Rosé Sparkling (Österreichischer Sekt)	Sparkling Blend	Bründlmayer
US	"Light aromas of cocoa, herb, licorice and barrel spice are followed by medium-bodied cherry flavors. The finish seems a bit clipped."	The Chief	88	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Board Track Racer 2015 The Chief Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Board Track Racer
US	"Aggressively herbal, dark and slatey, this arresting Pinot Noir is distinctive and powerful; it won't appeal to everyone, but those who like it will appreciate its uniqueness. There is an impression of clay and a hardness to the fruit, but it's compact enough to suggest a reasonably long life ahead."	Temperance Hill Vineyard	90	60	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Torii Mor 2006 Temperance Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Torii Mor
US	"Strong and punchy in orange, pineapple, peach, apricot and green apple flavors, this unoaked wine has a honeyed sweetness that makes it taste like fruit punch."	Kylie's Cuvée Dutton Ranch	85	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Dutton Estate 2009 Kylie's Cuvée Dutton Ranch Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Dutton Estate
Italy	"Leather, tobacco and light Bresaola open the nose of this dark, masculine Barolo. But wait a few minutes and the wine starts to deliver elegant tones of rose, violet, tar and polished granite stone. The wine is not propped up by huge intensity, but it does offer a cool, streamlined feel."	Bussia	91	69	Piedmont	Barolo				Barale Fratelli 2007 Bussia  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Barale Fratelli
US	"Chard fans will exult in this spicy wine. It packs a potent punch of pineapples, apricots, tangerines and honey, and is nicely balanced with crisp acidity."	Blue Ash Road	87	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Parkers Estate 2010 Blue Ash Road Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Parkers Estate
US	"An uneasy mix of steel and butter, this may just need a bit more time to settle. At the moment, the twin elements of metal and popcorn clash and compete. For those who love the buttery style, this should prove pleasing."	Grand Estates	86	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2010 Grand Estates Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Columbia Crest
France	"The weight of the bottle seems to foretell this wine's weight, structure and judiciously layered oak influence. With ripe cherry and berry flavors, it's a wine that can age. Drink from 2015."	Côte de Rouffach	90	30	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rieflé 2011 Côte de Rouffach Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Rieflé
US	"This delightful bottle opens gracefully with lush aromatics, showing snap and complexity. The palate mixes red fruits with hints of seed, grain, pepper and pretty herbs. It's long and seamless, with a coffee streak across the finish."	The Kilmore	91	42	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Owen Roe 2010 The Kilmore Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Owen Roe
Chile	"A straightforward example of Chilean SB, meaning there's citrus and mineral on the nose, juicy acidity and lime, grapefruit and tangerine flavors. It's clean and solid, with slight pithiness. Delivers a lot for $9; drink now."		86	9	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tololo 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tololo
Germany	This wine is a shining example of the glorious minerality that singles out Mosel Riesling. The nose shows really appealing pear and gardenia scents overlaying wet stone notes. The mouthwatering acidity wakes up your palate and is in perfect balance with the substantial residual sugar. Drink now (with sushi) or hold five or more years for even more complexity.	Erdener Treppchen Spätlese	91	30	Mosel					Dr. Loosen 2008 Erdener Treppchen Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
Chile	"Black fruit up front has an earthy, composty quality; the palate's mixed berries take a back seat to wood. Persistent herb and white-pepper flavors on the finish persist longer than I wanted them to. A rustic, rough-around-the-edges wine that begs for stew or black beans."	Don Maximiano Estate - Reserva	86	25	Aconcagua Valley					Errazuriz 1999 Don Maximiano Estate - Reserva Syrah (Aconcagua Valley)	Syrah	Errazuriz
Italy	"Underbrush, tobacco and spiced plum aromas lead the nose. On the straightforward palate, notes of anise and clove add depth to the black cherry core. It's easy drinking, with lithe tannins."	Emilio Primo	87	25	Tuscany	Bolgheri		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Terre del Marchesato 2012 Emilio Primo  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Terre del Marchesato
US	"A site planted to the Rued clone of Chardonnay in classic Russian River Valley Goldridge soils, Searby is expressive in honeysuckle and orange blossom floral tones. This balanced wine is soft and round, its time in oak reaching an apex on the finish."	Searby Vineyard	87	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Migration 2012 Searby Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Migration
US	"Made with 54% Merlot and 46% Cabernet Franc, it spent 23 months in one-third new French oak. The overall structure is impressive, with firm acidity and streaks of iron and mineral around tight, taut black fruit. It will get even better with ample breathing time and/or further cellaring."	Archimage	91	52	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sleight of Hand 2011 Archimage Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Sleight of Hand
US	"Hints of toast and brioche add interest to this fruity, floral sparkling wine sweetened with a proportion of ice wine. It's a bit confected on the palate, but enjoyable for its perfume and exuberance."	Fiori Delle Stelle Ice Cuvée	86	30	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Casa Larga NV Fiori Delle Stelle Ice Cuvée Sparkling (Finger Lakes)	Sparkling Blend	Casa Larga
US	"There's a peppy ease to the aromas of this bottling, with light raspberry and rhubarb lifted by cola and sarsaparilla notes. The palate is a tad fruit-punchy, with red cherry and some thyme to give depth."		85	25	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Carmel Road 2014 Pinot Noir (Monterey)	Pinot Noir	Carmel Road
US	"Reserved in aromas at first, this shows charred wood, red cherries, pomegranate and graphite on the nose. Quite intriguing texturally, the palate is sticky with tannins but light in body, offering flavors of cola and tart cranberry."	Rancho Santa Rosa	87	40	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foley 2013 Rancho Santa Rosa Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Foley
US	"Barrel aromas of vanilla and mocha are at the fore, followed by blue fruit and blackberries. The palate displays a mixture of fruit and barrel flavors that linger through the finish."	Grand Estates	88	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Crest 2014 Grand Estates Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Columbia Crest
Spain	"A tan color and dusty, tired aromas put this Chardonnay on short notice. Its plump palate delivers a mix of stone fruit and bitter, skin-based flavors, with a static finish."	Finca del Mar Chardonnay	84	17	Levante	Valencia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vicente Gandia 2016 Finca del Mar Chardonnay Chardonnay (Valencia)	Chardonnay	Vicente Gandia
US	"This 100% Cabernet is a charming wine. It's dry and balanced in tannins and acidity, with tasty cherry jam, red currant, rosehip tea and cedar flavors that are drinking well now."	Rancho Galante Estate Bottled	88	25	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast			Galante 2010 Rancho Galante Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Carmel Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Galante
US	"Thick, rich and intensely velvety, 1910 Block is structured and surprisingly elegant, with developed acidity surrounding a taste of chocolate-covered strawberry. Leather and black pepper give it a burly robustness that complements the ripe fruit, while the tannins come off as dusty and rocky at the same time."	1910 Block	93	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Limerick Lane 2013 1910 Block Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Limerick Lane
Italy	Here's an easy value wine from the eastern flank of the Italian peninsula that offers nice crispness and easy aromas of cassis and currant berry.		83	8	Central Italy	Terre di Chieti				Spinelli 2008 Sangiovese (Terre di Chieti)	Sangiovese	Spinelli
US	"Larger than life in terms of oak and tannin on the entry, this wine is elusive in fruit. Medium-bodied, it feels weighty and sharp-shouldered, while being clearly well-made and expressive of its appellation and variety. A cherry-vanilla note rings on the finish."		88	52	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	RMH 2012 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	RMH
Greece	"This fun, fruity white starts with aromas of pear, melon and flowers and leads into an easy-drinking array of refreshing white fruits and spice. A great go-to white that's not overly fussy and will pair well with spicy ethnic cuisine and poultry."	Kidonitsa	86	40	Monemvasia			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Vatistas 2007 Kidonitsa White (Monemvasia)	White Blend	Vatistas
Chile	"This smells mostly of oak and barrel spice, with barely any fruit seeping through all the wood grain that's on display. Plump on the palate, this overoaked Chardonnay tastes almost entirely of resin and spice. Throw in clove and vanilla flavors on the finish, and you get the picture."	Duette	84	18	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Indomita 2016 Duette Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Indomita
France	"Smoky wood aromas are repeated on the palate. Although prominent, they do not suppress the juicy blackberry flavors and crisp acidity. Already balanced, the wine is likely to mature quickly. Drink from 2017."		86	18	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Charmail 2013  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Charmail
US	"This is very rich, ripe and oaky, but a little over the top, with strong flavors of buttered toast, caramel, orange jam and spice. An outgoing wine crafted in the popular style."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	87	40	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Conway 2009 Bien Nacido Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Conway
France	"Pale in color, this ripe, full-bodied wine has a rich core of red fruits and spicy acidity. The wine is concentrated while still keeping elegance and fresh fruitiness. The aftertaste is full and smooth."	Cuvée Prestige	90	26	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château les Crostes 2014 Cuvée Prestige Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château les Crostes
US	"A standout among the winery's vineyard designates, this puts ripe raspberry jam and cherry-pie fruit front and center. There's a dollop of balsamic and chocolate as well. Native yeast fermentation may have contributed to the unusual flavors of toasted peanuts that linger in the finish."	Fairsing Vineyard	91	60	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Eisold-Smith 2014 Fairsing Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Eisold-Smith
Portugal	"Smooth and soft, this easygoing wine has spice, touches of wood from the barrel aging and a firm tannic core. It is balanced and ready to drink."	Hat Trick	86	18	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2015 Hat Trick Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
Chile	"Candied white-fruit aromas are generic and rudimentary. This feels flat and doesn't show much life on the palate. Flavors of canned pear, oak and related spice finish bland."	Petirrojo Reserva	82	10	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Bisquertt 2013 Petirrojo Reserva Chardonnay (Colchagua Valley)	Chardonnay	Viña Bisquertt
France	"This is a small, 10-acre property, owned by the Moueix family, at the heart of the Pomerol plateau. With its 30% Cabernet Franc it is perfumed and ripe, giving delicious black fruits as well as a firmer structure. The wine is set for a long aging with great potential. Drink from 2024."		94	130	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Hosanna 2014  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Hosanna
US	"Right out of the chute this has sappy, delicious black cherry fruit, accented with scents of tobacco and graphite. Streaks of ash and more juicy berries fill the middle, as it unfolds into a taut, sculpted finish. A classical style from a vintage that favors it; accessible, yet built for cellaring."	Seven Hills Vineyard	93	28	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Seven Hills 2008 Seven Hills Vineyard Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Seven Hills
France	"With its striking (and heavy) square white bottle, this wine will certainly make a statement on any table. The wine itself, with Hubert de Bouärd (whose family owns Château Angélus) as consultant, is impressively ripe and concentrated, but still retains its crisp, fresh poise. The acidity at the end is intense and tight."	Pur	92	36	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Berne 2015 Pur Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château de Berne
US	"A dash of Sémillon adds to the playfulness of this wine, which is medium-built and moderate-to-high in acidity. Tangy curls of lemon, lime and grapefruit evolve into a bristling back note of crispness that just begs for oysters."		91	19	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Starmont 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Starmont
Chile	"Powdered sugar and other lightly confected aromas set up more steely apple and pineapple flavors. Finishes pithy, with grapefruit. Drying and short, but still a reasonable facsimile of Champagne."	Brut	83	12	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña La Rosa NV Brut Chardonnay (Cachapoal Valley)	Chardonnay	Viña La Rosa
US	"This new offering from the sparkling wine producer reveals strongly crafted layers of creamy apple pie, crème brûlée and toasty oak flavors. Made in a full-bodied, concentrated style, it doesn't hold back on its spicy acidity and lemony finish."	Estate Grown	90	40	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	WindVane 2015 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	WindVane
US	"Peppery and trending toward stemmy flavors, this has a phenolic bite. The brambly berry fruit runs quickly into a slightly warm finish."		89	34	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	àMaurice 2009 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	àMaurice
US	"Equal parts Syrah and Merlot with a dash of Mourvèdre and Cabernet Franc (3% each), this wine brings notes of biscuit, cherry, dill and dried cranberry. Like many wines from this vintage in Washington, it's quite tart out of the gate, supported by chewy tannins."	Boss Lady Estate Grown	85	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Stemilt Creek 2010 Boss Lady Estate Grown Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Stemilt Creek
US	"This méthode Champenoise blend of 76% Pinot Noir and 24% Chardonnay impresses with its inviting mousse of peach and strawberry. It's fresh and lush, aged on the lees for three years, giving it body without an overabundance of alcohol. Dry, it finishes with a twist of candied orange peel."	Brut Rosé	92	55	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frank Family 2012 Brut Rosé Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Frank Family
US	"Directly appealing, this wine is bursting with aromas of plum, red currant, herb and spice–all showing freshness and purity. The palate is packed to the brim with supple fruit flavors, full of density and weight, while never getting bogged down. It hits the delicious gong hard."	The Pundit	93	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tenet 2014 The Pundit Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Tenet
US	"Another great success from Merryvale. Somehow they manage to make red wines that are ripe, oaky and opulent, yet maintain balance so that you can drink it over the course of a meal without the flavors palling. Dry and tannicly sophisticated, it shows complex waves of blackberries, cassis, cherries and sweet, smoky cedar."		93	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Merryvale 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Merryvale
Argentina	"La Grava (gravel) shows only modest differences from the silt, stone and sand wines in TintoNegro's soil-based series of 2012 Malbecs. Black-fruit aromas, herbal notes and solidity define the nose, while the palate is tight, juicy and racy, with red-fruit acidity. Nervy plum and raspberry flavors come with chocolaty oak and an agile, spicy finish. Drink through 2021."	Finca La Escuela La Grava Soil Experts	91	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TintoNegro 2012 Finca La Escuela La Grava Soil Experts Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	TintoNegro
US	"A plush, fancy Cabernet with all the trimmings. Ripe, opulent fruit is the foundation; above that, oak provides spicy complexities. The tannins are supersoft and plush, like drinking velvet, which may not contribute to the wine’s longevity but definitely makes it pleasing to drink right now."		88	16	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Rodney Strong 1997 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rodney Strong
France	"A fragrant, fresh rosé that is full of red fruits and tight acidity. Crisp and bright, it makes a delicious summer refresher. Drink now."	Origine Rosé	86	30	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Matthias et Emile Roblin 2013 Origine Rosé Rosé (Sancerre)	Rosé	Domaine Matthias et Emile Roblin
US	"An extremely dense nose reveals espresso bean, blackberry paste, caramelized berries, black pepper and a hint of tobacco, reminiscent of a fruit-laced, heavily spiced crème brûlée. The blend of 54% Cabernet Sauvignon, 23% Merlot, 17% Cabernet Franc and 5% Syrah is silky on the palate with oregano, dill and fennel giving nuance to dried blueberry fruit, laid across a powerful structure. Drink 2016–2027."	Senito	93	60	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Summerwood 2012 Senito Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Summerwood
US	"Pretty standard Chardonnay, with fruity, oaky flavors that are diluted, and a creamy texture. The finish is nice and dry and the acidity is balanced. It's alright for the price."		84	16	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Santa Barbara Winery 2011 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Santa Barbara Winery
US	"A color so deep it could be a Pinot Noir, flavors bursting with plum and wild blackberry and a velvety texture make this dry rosé taste more like a red. Bucking the trend toward lightness, it has medium body, a creamy mouthfeel and lingering finish."	Wild Thing Rendezvous Dry	90	15	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Carol Shelton 2014 Wild Thing Rendezvous Dry Rosé (Mendocino County)	Rosé	Carol Shelton
Italy	"Bright, brambly berry and forest floor notes open this bouquet of this 80-20 Nergroamaro and Malvasia Nera blend. Touches of cherry and sun-ripened prune also make an appearance, especially on the finish."	Liante	87	15	Southern Italy	Salice Salentino				Castello Monaci 2010 Liante Red (Salice Salentino)	Red Blend	Castello Monaci
US	"This blend of 33% Cabernet Franc, 27% Merlot, 27% Petit Verdot and 13% Cabernet Sauvignon is mildly concentrated on the nose and palate, with rubbery blackberry, cranberry juice and geranium leading the way. Light bodied, with a soft grip of tannins, these flavors lead to a short finish of green peppercorn."	Kilravock	84	33	Virginia	Virginia		Alexander Peartree		Rosemont 2013 Kilravock Red (Virginia)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Rosemont
US	"This is a classy bottle of bubbly from the light copper color to the lightly fruity, yeasty aromas to the crisp mouthfeel and satisfying spice and raspberry flavors. A sense of layered richness is balanced by good acidity for balance."	Brut Rosé Excellence	91	23	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Scharffenberger NV Brut Rosé Excellence Sparkling (Mendocino)	Sparkling Blend	Scharffenberger
US	"A beautiful, brilliant but immature Cabernet. It's massively rich in blackberry and cherry pie filling, cassis, dark chocolate and fine, smoky oak flavors, wrapped into thick but fine, sweet tannins. Shows elegance and finesse despite the power, but needs time. Best after 2014."	Bone Ash Vineyard	95	76	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Venge 2008 Bone Ash Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Venge
US	"Lush and lavish in all the right ways, this blend of 70% Syrah, 21% Cabernet Sauvignon and 9% Petite Sirah shows vanilla cream, clove chiffon and blueberry pudding on the nose. The palate packs more blueberry fruit as well as black pepper, graphite, espresso bean and toasted sage, all framed by a solid structure of tooth-coating tannins."	Savant	94	50	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Justin 2012 Savant Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Justin
US	"Made from 100% Syrah, this wine is dark red and intense, offering flavors of baked strawberry-rhubarb and savory cranberry and pomegranate. Perfumy in jasmine, it finishes ripe and succulent."	Rosé of	87	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peju 2013 Rosé of Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Peju
France	"Produced from Niellucciu, this wine is ripe, perfumed and also packed with crisp acidity. Fresh raspberry, citrus and a touch of caramel are brought comfortably together by the acidity and zesty aftertaste. Drink now."		86	20	France Other	Patrimonio		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos Alivu 2015 Rosé (Patrimonio)	Rosé	Clos Alivu
France	"This branded wine produced by the Cazes family of Château Lynch-Bages is ripe and rounded with dense tannins and sweet fruit. It has weight, spice from wood and a fine ready-to-drink balance."	Michel Lynch	87	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Michel Cazes 2009 Michel Lynch  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Jean-Michel Cazes
US	"A good, mouthfilling wine, this smells like black olives and a cigar box. Round in texture, it tastes earthy and fruity, surrounded by firm tannins."		84	22	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	IL Gioiello 2011 Sangiovese (Amador County)	Sangiovese	IL Gioiello
US	"This opens with a full and succulent burst of fruit, notably cherries and plums. The rich and juicy flavors are highlighted with a streak of cola and buoyed with ample acids. This is just flat-out delicious."		90	30	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Purple Hands 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Purple Hands
Spain	"Apple and melon aromas are mild, straightforward and devoid of oak. A chunky melony palate doesn't have much stuffing, while this tastes of mild peach, papaya and other tropical fruits. Overall, this is inoffensive but hollow."	3055	84	15	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Jean León 2014 3055 Chardonnay (Penedès)	Chardonnay	Jean León
Israel	"Dark garnet in the glass, this wine features aromas of black cherry, candle wax and freshly picked oregano. Soft tannins offer a foundation for flavors of cherry, cassis, mint, espresso bean and Mediterranean herbs. Fruit and savory notes continually make way for one another on the palate, concluding in an herbal and lemon zest finish."	Superieur	89	65	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Barkan 2011 Superieur Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Barkan
Argentina	"Aromas of matchstick, crushed vitamin and white fruits feed into a lean, hollow palate with surface-level oak. Lemon and oak are the key flavors, while this tastes oaky but feels rather watery on a light finish."	Estate Bottled	86	14	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pascual Toso 2016 Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Pascual Toso
US	"This is a good Pinot Noir for drinking now. It has uncomplicated flavors of cherries, red plums and spices, and is dry and silky in the mouth. Acidity is high, giving it a tart bite throughout."		87	36	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Athair 2008 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Athair
US	"Shows the dramatic structure of a fine coastal Chardonnay, with crisp acidity and a bracing minerality framing ripe, lush flavors of pineapples, tangerines, pears and sweet, caramelized oak. Very rich and fine, deserving of the best shellfish, salmon, ahi tuna."	Alder Springs Vineyard	92	38	California	Mendocino				Townley 2008 Alder Springs Vineyard Chardonnay (Mendocino)	Chardonnay	Townley
Portugal	"Dense and powerful, this is an impressively concentrated and intense wine. It brings out rich tannins, equally rich black plum and spice flavors, a layer of smokiness plus a strong slash of minerality that cuts across the texture. For aging 5–6 years."	Grande Reserva	92	37	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Portal 2006 Grande Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Portal
US	"A vibrantly aromatic wine with notes of freshly peeled tangerine, sliced apricot and white flowers. It's off-dry (23g/L residual sugar) with zippy acidity keeping it all together."		87	11	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2012 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Waterbrook
US	"There are light and airy elements of nectarine flesh and lemon blossoms on the nose of this first Chardonnay ever made by veteran Doug Margerum, who also imparts warmer scents of toast and clarified butter. The palate is tightly coiled, simultaneously soft with stone fruit and sharp with chalky texturality."		93	48	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Barden 2014 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Barden
France	"Undoubtedly one of the top wines from the Costières de Nîmes, this is 90% Mourvèdre, from the oldest vines on the estate, matured in oak for 18 months. It's dark and plummy, full bodied and richly textured, with hints of chocolate fudge and closet cedar. Drink now–2020."	La Bolida	91	40	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château d'Or et de Gueules 2010 La Bolida Red (Costières de Nîmes)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château d'Or et de Gueules
US	"A classic coastal California Pinot, dry, silky and complex. So easy to like, gliding across the palate with raspberry, cherry, Canadian bacon and smoky sandalwood flavors that are filled with umami richness. Best over the next four years."	Amber Ridge Vineyard	90	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Waits-Mast 2009 Amber Ridge Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Waits-Mast
US	"Too sweet by far for a table wine, with simple, medicinal cherry and blackberry flavors and a harshly tannic mouthfeel."		80	10	California	California	California Other			Esser Cellars 2005 Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Esser Cellars
US	"A nice tarry funk along with dried mint and menthol cigarette scents characterize the nose of this blend of 63% Cabernet Sauvignon, 33% Syrah and 4% Petite Verdot. The creosote sense carries to the palate, meeting with black cherry, dried bouquet garni and quite grippy tannins."	Profonde Winemaker's Reserve	88	48	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Callaway 2010 Profonde Winemaker's Reserve Red (Temecula Valley)	Red Blend	Callaway
Argentina	"Rubbery and leathery smelling at first, with berry and cassis aromas resting below the surface. Feels tannic and closed on the palate, with syrupy, reduced plum, berry and currant flavors. Not too much shows up on the finish other than thickness and a subtle plum nuance."	Paso de Piedra	86	20	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Alicia 2008 Paso de Piedra Cabernet Sauvignon (Luján de Cuyo)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viña Alicia
US	"Sanguine in cassis, cranberry and wild strawberry, this relatively inexpensive Napa Cab has an herbal edge that suggests elegance and balance. The finish is stamped in oak that lingers on the palate without overwhelming."		87	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Stickybeak 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stickybeak
France	"A soft, full-bodied wine, this has touches of caramel and ripe strawberry flavors. It is rounded, smooth and rich, while the acidity adds the essential freshness."	Rimauresq	88	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Rimauresq 2014 Rimauresq Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Rimauresq
US	"There's a strong menthol, juniper and pine needle kick to the nose of this bottling, alongside intriguing green tea and tart plum-skin aromas. Eucalyptus oil leads the lively herbal kick of the palate, giving intense depth to the hearty black-plum and tobacco flavors, all framed by a fresh acidity."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	92	60	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Flying Goat Cellars 2013 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Flying Goat Cellars
US	"The 2009 DTR Syrah won't be available until 2013 and is appropriately still tight, waiting to resolve itself into the superbly structured, bone-dry, savory wine it will become. There's a lot of minerality lurking between walls of black fruit and white pepper spice."	DTR Ranch	89	38	California	Fiddletown	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Terre Rouge 2009 DTR Ranch Syrah (Fiddletown)	Syrah	Terre Rouge
US	"Big, round and lush, this is the fourth vintage for this wine, one of the best Chardonnays in Washington state. In this vintage it did not go through full malolactic, leaving a nice underlying acidity with a leesy, creamy freshness. Golden apples, stone fruits and a lick of butterscotch add to the luscious, generous finish."	Big Sissy Conner Lee Vineyard	93	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gorman 2009 Big Sissy Conner Lee Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Gorman
US	"Consistent year after year, this frizzante style Muscat is off dry, fresh and aromatic, with Muscat's sweet orange flavor up front. Serve it chilled or try it as a mixer in place of Prosecco."	Early Muscat Semi-Sparkling	88	16	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Silvan Ridge 2015 Early Muscat Semi-Sparkling Sparkling (Willamette Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Silvan Ridge
Italy	"This dense wine starts with aromas of blue flower, black berries, vanilla and toasted oak. The palate delivers ripe black cherry and raspberry accented with clove and white pepper alongside astringent wood tannins that dry out the mouth. Drink 2015–2020."	Riserva	88	28	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Viticcio 2010 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Viticcio
Chile	"Hints of melon and talcum powder suggest sweetness, and the palate is ripe, a little soft and dominated by pear and even some lychee flavors. Maybe there's a hint of residual sugar, but if so, it's minor. Mild bitterness doesn't really help the finish, but overall this is a flavorful and competent value wine."		84	7	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Quasar 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Quasar
US	"Fresh blueberry and blackberry juice aromas meet with pepper and pressed lavender on the nose of this sleek bottling by Michael Larner, one of the Ballard Canyon appellation's loudest proponents. Black plum and dried black raspberry flavors show on the palate, which is layered with cracked pepper, cigar box and a minty lift on the lengthy sip."		93	40	California	Ballard Canyon	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Larner 2012 Syrah (Ballard Canyon)	Syrah	Larner
US	"This is an unusual blend of Viognier, Chardonnay, Roussanne and Orange Muscat—quite different from previous vintages. Crisp and penetrating, it's a mix of lime, melon and kiwi flavors that are etched with skin phenolics, putting some delicious bite into the finish."	Gossamer	91	22	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kontos 2011 Gossamer White (Columbia Valley (WA))	White Blend	Kontos
US	"Two bottles were tasted; the first showing some signs of incomplete fermentation. The wine is lean, grapy and tart—stylistically apart from the other 2012 releases. Though relatively high in alcohol, the flavors don't seem to have the full physiological ripeness you might expect. This may need additional bottle age."	Murto Vineyard	87	48	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Winderlea 2012 Murto Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Winderlea
US	"Lots to like in this vibrant young Pinot. It's silky yet has some weight to it, with layers of cherry jam, cola and a spicy meatiness. Should develop interest over the next 5–6 years, but you can certainly drink it now."	Parr Vineyard	90	32	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Maldonado 2011 Parr Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Maldonado
US	"A very good Merlot, representing a huge increase in quality over the 2008, and a return to the charms of the 2007. It's ripe and tasty in fruit, currants and sweet oak, and earns extra points for the fine structure. Ready now."		87	38	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Materra Cunat Family Vineyards 2009 Merlot (Oak Knoll District)	Merlot	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards
US	"With a fruity-sugary finish, this Zin will appeal to folks who like their red wines a little on the sweet side. It has pleasantly ripe flavors of black cherries, raspberries, red currants, root beer, mocha and pepper."	Reserve	86	34	California	Mendocino				Brutocao 2006 Reserve Zinfandel (Mendocino)	Zinfandel	Brutocao
France	"The musky touch of botrytized fruit appears immediately, adding even more allure to the golden color. An explosion of golden apricot and luscious peach provide mouthfilling sweetness on the palate. All this is countered by very concentrated lemon freshness. This is not one of the tooth-achingly sweet SGNs—this is fresher and still has vivid fruit flavors. The finish has so much freshness it is lip-smacking. This will be a killer with fruit-centered desserts. Its sweetness-acid balance is of utter poise and a wonderful class act. Drink 2017–2050."	Clos Saint-Théobald Rangen Grand Cru Sélection de Grains Nobles	95	108	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Schoffit 2012 Clos Saint-Théobald Rangen Grand Cru Sélection de Grains Nobles Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Schoffit
US	"Herbes de Provence, lavender soap and baked cherry scents meld with a background of desiccated black fruit. Medium to full in body, this bears brawny tannins and assertive acids, making it a great wine to pair with hearty dishes like sausage-studded Catalonian bean stew."	La Dolce Vita Piemontese	87	29	Virginia	Virginia				Three Fox 2010 La Dolce Vita Piemontese Nebbiolo (Virginia)	Nebbiolo	Three Fox
Portugal	"This is a generous black-fruit-driven wine. It has great fruit with some spice from wood. The tannins are firm while giving plenty of richness. With its black plum and berry flavors now developing well, it should be ready from 2018."	Gáudio Clássico	89	18	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Ribafreixo 2014 Gáudio Clássico Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Ribafreixo
US	"A very pale peach color, this wine brings bright aromas of strawberry Jolly Rancher, cherry and kiwi. It drinks just a hair off dry, with tart fruit flavors, providing plenty of easy-drinking pleasure."	Sangiovese	88	15	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Airfield Estates 2016 Sangiovese Rosé (Yakima Valley)	Rosé	Airfield Estates
France	This white wine is fruity and crisp with a deliciously refreshing herbal edge. Lemon and pink grapefruit are cut by some zingy acidity and finished with a bright aftertaste. Drink now.		85	9	Southwest France	Côtes de Gascogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Touja 2015 White (Côtes de Gascogne)	White Blend	Domaine du Touja
US	"Strongly herbal, with thin, very tart, acidic cranberry flavors."	Estate	83	23	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cubanisimo Vineyards 2007 Estate Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cubanisimo Vineyards
US	"This is a Cabernet Sauvignon-based Bordeaux-style blend with a splash of Syrah. It's made in the modern cult style of softness, extracted fruit and plenty of toasty oak. With blackberry, cassis and dark chocolate flavors, it's obviously delicious, yet has a certain generic quality. Drink now."	Private Reserve	87	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Jack Nicklaus Wines 2009 Private Reserve Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Jack Nicklaus Wines
Portugal	"Attractive fruits with a good, juicy flavor characterize this easy, fresh wine. Black berry flavors and vivid acidity make it ready to drink now."	Serras de Azeitão	85	10	Península de Setúbal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bacalhôa Wines of Portugal 2009 Serras de Azeitão Red (Península de Setúbal)	Portuguese Red	Bacalhôa Wines of Portugal
US	"A coferment of Syrah and Sangiovese from Ballard Canyon, this vintage offers deep, velvety aromas of violet and purple fruits, with hard black licorice candy. The palate trends quite dark, with pipe tobacco and rich blue fruits, but also delivers slightly bitter and sour elements."	La Croce	90	66	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Stolpman 2012 La Croce Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Red Blend	Stolpman
US	"From both Sun Chase and Gap's Crown vineyards, two stellar sites that neighbor one another, this is a medium-bodied expression of high-toned pomegranate and cherry. It unleashes big, soft waves of intense flavor and texture expansively and with panache."		91	65	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Guarachi Family 2014 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Guarachi Family
US	"A vigorous, aggressive Syrah, this is full bodied and tannic, and it deals assertive blackberry, cherry, currant and sandalwood flavors."	Zabala Vineyard	86	28	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Mercy 2009 Zabala Vineyard Syrah (Arroyo Seco)	Syrah	Mercy
US	"With an inviting strawberry sundae nose, this bright pink rosé of Syrah from the longtime organically minded team at Buttonwood is all about summertime hedonism. There's creaminess on the palate, with some apple tartness in the middle and, again, long strawberry elements on the finish. Pair with beef sliders on soft, sweet rolls that are adorned with gourmet condiments and cheeses."	Estate	89	18	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Buttonwood 2013 Estate Rosé (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rosé	Buttonwood
US	"Blended from Verdelho, Viognier, Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc, it has tropical fruit, peach and apple flavors balanced with citrusy acidity."	Knockout	84	16	California	California	California Other			X 2012 Knockout White (California)	White Blend	X
Italy	"From the new estate run by Giovanni and Paolo Bulgari (of fashion and jewelry fame), this pure expression of Sangiovese shows very interesting aromas of bright red cherry, perfumed blue flower and a touch of sweet spice. The wine is focused, compact and crisp on the close."	Sotirio	90	40	Tuscany	Toscana				PoderNuovo a Palazzone 2009 Sotirio Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	PoderNuovo a Palazzone
Italy	"A brand new product from the folks at Rotari, AlpeRegis is a fresh and vibrant sparkling wine that offers easy-drinking appeal with subtle hints of elegance and sophistication that set it apart. Baked bread, apricot and citrus notes flavor the finish."	AlpeRegis Millesimato Extra Brut	88	25	Northeastern Italy	Trento				Rotari 2007 AlpeRegis Millesimato Extra Brut Chardonnay (Trento)	Chardonnay	Rotari
France	"This wine is smoky and juicy, with swathes of attractive black currant fruit. It's lightly structured, crisp and likely to age quickly. Drink from 2018."		86	15	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Grand Bourgeau 2016  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Grand Bourgeau
Spain	"Toasty, warm, charred aromas accent earthy, enticing plum and prune scents. This ripe, round, well-structured Rioja is moderately deep on the palate but also bouncy and elegant. Earthy baked-plum flavors come with leathery accents and savory oak, while the finish is lasting and balanced. Drink through 2018."	Crianza	91	16	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Olabarri 2011 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Viña Olabarri
US	"This vineyard, and the AVA it occupies, is often characterized by some sharp metallic mineral-driven flavors. Here it seems just marginally ripe, with beet, black tea and metal dominating the astringent finish."	Hyland Vineyard	87	55	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Soléna 2015 Hyland Vineyard Pinot Noir (McMinnville)	Pinot Noir	Soléna
US	"Made from fruit grown both on Howell and Diamond mountains, this wine is powerful and concentrated, bursting in mountain tannins. Waxy plum, dried herb, graphite and pencil shavings provide a savory tangy underbelly of woody accents, met and complemented by robust black cherry and cassis, the palate rounded at the finish."	Estate	91	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ladera 2014 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ladera
US	"An  everyday Chard, with superripe pear and apricot flavors and a thick coat of smoky oak."	Reserve	83	10	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Napa Family Vineyards 2005 Reserve Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Napa Family Vineyards
US	"Very yeasty and slightly clouded in the glass, this wine by regional bubbly pioneer Norm Yost shows buttered plums, rising sourdough bread and freshly picked scarlet red rose petals on the nose. The mouthfeel is noticeably creamy, with more bready yeast, citrus peels and hints of hibiscus and jasmine."	Clos Pepe Vineyard Blanc de Noir	91	60	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Goat Bubbles 2012 Clos Pepe Vineyard Blanc de Noir Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Goat Bubbles
Chile	"Piercing aromas of red-berry fruits and red-apple skins are a touch rough but improve with airing. This feels fresh, medium in size, and tastes of herbal plum and cherry prior to a lightly herbal finish."	Casillero del Diablo Reserva Privada	87	16	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2014 Casillero del Diablo Reserva Privada Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Concha y Toro
US	"Stunning is the only word that does justice to this exceptional wine. It's fragrant and compelling, from the first sniffs of almond paste, butter cream and apple pie, right on through a magnificent palate loaded with well-balanced fruit, pastry and nut flavors. Rich, complex, and beautifully proportioned, it rolls into a seamless, toasty finish."		95	42	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Fairsing 2013 Chardonnay	Chardonnay	Fairsing
France	"Powerful and finely structured, this rich wine has swathes of red plum and red berry flavors that balance the core of solid tannins. It shows the ripe fruit and structure of the vintage. Age this for 2–3 years."		90	50	Burgundy	Gevrey-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jaffelin 2010  Gevrey-Chambertin	Pinot Noir	Jaffelin
Italy	"Leafy underbrush, moist soil, asphalt and sweet plum take center stage on this dense wine. The palate delivers espresso, toasted oak, vanilla and dried black cherry alongside drying wood tannins."	Cent'Anni Riserva	88	130	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Trabucchi d'Illasi 2006 Cent'Anni Riserva  (Amarone della Valpolicella)	Red Blend	Trabucchi d'Illasi
US	"Technically off dry, this has so much defining acidity that the sweetness is just detectable, serving principally to round out the lush fruits. Delicious, lingering flavors of tangerine, pink grapefruit and orange peel combine in a wine with a sensational yum factor."	Coast Range Estate	94	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2015 Coast Range Estate Riesling	Riesling	Trisaetum
Spain	"Red-fruit aromas come with notes of leather, spice and stalkiness. Spiky acidity creates a sharp mouthfeel that turns earthier as the acids fade. The flavor profile is tart, with herbal leanings and raspberry. A slight bitterness and not much fruit are what you get on the finish."	Ibéricos Crianza	86	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Soto de Torres 2010 Ibéricos Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Soto de Torres
US	"Approaches a fine North Coast Bordeaux bottling in the complex blackberry and currant flavors and dryness, but there are problems. Acidity is high and fairly intrusive, and the oak tannins seem to dominate. Work needs to be done, but this Merlot-based blend gets an A for effort."	Barrack Brand	87	40	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Happy Canyon Vineyard 2006 Barrack Brand Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Happy Canyon Vineyard
Spain	"Oddly tropical aromas of pineapple and orange peel dominate this juicy number. In the mouth, a sense of grape skins and abrasive tannins make things coarse. Minimal berry flavors mix with citrus leftovers prior to a drawing finish."		85	14	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Rios de Tinta 2014  Ribera del Duero	Tempranillo	Rios de Tinta
US	"This is ripe and complex, with thick tannins that frame flavors of blackberry, cherry jam and a hint of violet. Give it an hour or two in the decanter, or cellar it for a few years."	Estate	92	45	California	Oakville	Napa			Oakville Winery 2009 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Oakville Winery
Italy	"Basarin unveils super seductive aromas of mocha fudge, clove, toasted almond, sweet cherry and cured meat. There's enormous depth and density here and the finish is thick and chewy. The wine lasts long on the palate and would pair perfectly with any truffle-based dish. A Marc de Grazia selection; various American importers."	Basarin	93	60	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Moccagatta 2005 Basarin  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Moccagatta
England	"Faint hints of red currant join the creamy notes on the nose. The palate falls in with more fresh berry fruit and paints a picture of utter charm. The mousse is creamy and fine, supporting those tender, lithe berry notes. This is one for a balmy summer night and someone you love."	Cornwall Rosé	90	27	England			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Camel Valley 2013 Cornwall Rosé Pinot Noir (England)	Pinot Noir	Camel Valley
US	"Sharp in acidity while silky on the palate, this blend of 12 estate blocks is the Pinot made in the largest quantity by the winery. Soft, pretty and approachable, it offers red cherry, blackberry, rose petal and cola spice, with a bite of oak on the finish."	Estate	88	50	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Iron Horse 2012 Estate Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Iron Horse
France	"Named after the Negrel family, owners of the estate, this is the top cuvée in their range. Aging in wood gives it a surprising series of flavors ranging from caramel to spice to buttery toast. While some of the fruit is lost along the way, the wine has a rounded, very complete character that is rich and made for food."	Mas Negrel Cadenet	93	40	Provence	Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mas de Cadenet 2015 Mas Negrel Cadenet Rosé (Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire)	Rosé	Mas de Cadenet
US	"Lighter in color, this wine packs fruit punch, cola and ripe cranberry into the nose. Flavors mix juicy strawberries with Earl Grey tea, marjoram and orange rind elements."	Small Lot Reserve	86	16	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Irony 2013 Small Lot Reserve Pinot Noir (Monterey)	Pinot Noir	Irony
US	"A fine California bubbly, soft and luxurious in the finesse of its bubbles. The orange, strawberry and vanilla cream flavors are overtly sweet, making this a good partner for wedding cake."	Cuvée M	87	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Mumm Napa NV Cuvée M Sparkling (Napa Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Mumm Napa
US	"Great price on a Merlot this good. Most others would charge $25 or more, but Goldschmidt has held the line. It appeals for the soft tannins and easy flavors of raspberries, cherries, cocoa and sweet, smoky oak. Drink now."		88	15	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Chelsea Goldschmidt 2009 Merlot (Dry Creek Valley)	Merlot	Chelsea Goldschmidt
Argentina	"Musky orange and grapefruit aromas include asparagus and bell pepper scents. This is flat in feel, with mostly vegetal flavors of asparagus and green bean."	RD	82	30	Other	Salta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Tacuil 2014 RD Sauvignon Blanc (Salta)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bodega Tacuil
US	"From a promising new project, the nose of this wine is linear and focused, with black raspberry, black licorice, cola, wet sagebrush and rain-on-slate scents. The tactile acidity once sipped creates a fascinating soft buzz on the tongue, with flavors of dried mint, brisk raspberry and cherry tomato. Camphor and eucalyptus add intrigue on the finish."	Estate Reserve	91	55	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Albatross Ridge 2012 Estate Reserve Pinot Noir (Carmel Valley)	Pinot Noir	Albatross Ridge
US	"Sophisticated, delicious and tight enough to age through 2018. The color is a deep but not dark ruby, the aromas suggest fresh crushed cherries. Flavors blend crisp, jazzy raspberry with deeper plum and currant notes, wrapped in a lively texture of bright acidity and tannin."		91	44	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Stemmler 2012 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Stemmler
France	Frothy fizz carries fresh lemon and lime scents to the surface. The palate has the same citric flavor profile and is diffuse with lots of bubbles—which exaggerates the lightness of the dry palate even more. While there is not a lot of substance there certainly is lots of refreshment.	Tradition	87	18	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Fernand Engel 2013 Tradition Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Fernand Engel
Chile	"Your first take on this heavily oaked, natural-yeast Chard is that it's a three-alarm smoke alert. Few, if any, Chilean Chardonnays are this overtly oaky. But the wood is of high quality, and the more time you give it the more you find apple, citrus and spice. Yes, it's still resiny. But the balance and natural character of the wine are very good. Best if you like a New World style with plenty of barrel character."	Wild Ferment	89	21	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2007 Wild Ferment Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Errazuriz
France	"A soft earthy character adds depth to the strawberry and rhubarb fruit aromas and flavors. The palate is clean and bright, with a cocoa-dusted red-berry fruit finish."		85	10	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Le Grand Noir 2010 Pinot Noir (Pays d'Oc)	Pinot Noir	Le Grand Noir
US	"In honor of Adam Comartin's daughter, who's named after the Australian city where he learned a bit of winemaking, this bubblegum pink wine offers plush and inviting aromas of light strawberry, peach skins and watermelon juice. Rounded pink and red fruits show on the palate, cut by orange zest, packed up with edgy acid and grippy tension. Quite complex."	Adelaide's	91	25	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Comartin 2015 Adelaide's Rosé (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rosé	Comartin
New Zealand	"This is a solid, well made Pinot Noir, just one that shows more oak than fruit at this stage of its evolution. Vanilla and coffee flavors overshadow pleasant cherry and herb notes in this medium-bodied, slightly chewy wine."	The Great Walter	86	40	Martinborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Palliser Estate 2008 The Great Walter Pinot Noir (Martinborough)	Pinot Noir	Palliser Estate
US	"Rapture is Michael David's small-production Cabernet, blended with a small percentage of Petite Sirah, then aged 17 months in French oak for a full-bodied figure. Purple-black in color, it's mouth-filling, jammy and extracted with flavorful blackberry and cherry fruit and a streak of vanilla and fig on the finish."	Rapture	87	59	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Michael David 2011 Rapture Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Michael David
France	"Mordorée's Côtes du Rhône is a classic blend built around 40% Grenache and 30% Syrah, with smaller amounts of the other permitted varieties. The result combines scents of leather and roasted meat with cherries and dark overtones of cocoa and coffee. It's a nicely balanced, full-bodied wine, with just a touch of coarseness to its texture. Drink now-2016."	La Dame Rousse	88	19	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine de la Mordorée 2010 La Dame Rousse Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine de la Mordorée
Canada	"This wine is the vinous equivalent of biting into a ripe, juicy mango that has been drizzled with honey. It's viscous and full in feel, loaded with tropical flavors that linger on the finish. Perhaps a bit one note but represents it well."	Icewine	92	70	Ontario	Niagara Peninsula		Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Stratus 2008 Icewine Riesling (Niagara Peninsula)	Riesling	Stratus
US	"Cody Wright sources his fruit from an A-list of Willamette Valley vineyards, and Shea is right at the top. Cloaked in a milk chocolate shell, this sophisticated wine melds blackberry fruit with flavor-extending streaks of cola and caramel. In scent and finish, there is a slight intriguing hint of pine sap."	Shea Vineyard	93	50	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Purple Hands 2015 Shea Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Purple Hands
Argentina	"Light, leafy, earthy aromas of plum and tomato accurately announce a lively, fresh palate with spicy, peppery flavors of earth, red plum and cranberry. Juicy acidity, dry but ripe red fruit and earthy complexity make for a strong finish."		89	20	Other	Alto Valle del Río Negro		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Verum 2013 Pinot Noir (Alto Valle del Río Negro)	Pinot Noir	Verum
France	"This almost white rosé is produced from selected parcels of the estate. Citrus and pepper dominate, supported by ripe red fruits and delicate acidity. It is a beautiful wine, elegant and with a fine balance between the fruit and the crisp texture. Drink now."	Confidentielle	92	34	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Figuière 2016 Confidentielle Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Figuière
US	"Made from 75% Merlot with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine saw just a 25% new French oak, putting the focus squarely on the fruit. Aromas of spice, prune, medicine cabinet and cherry cola are followed by luscious, full-bodied black-fruit flavors that bring some warmth on the finish. Drink now."	Quell	87	34	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dubindil 2012 Quell Merlot (Red Mountain)	Merlot	Dubindil
Australia	"At this price, it would be hard for this wine to live up to expectations—which is why we taste blind. But without any preconceptions, this wine was still delicious. The promising oaky aromas of honey drizzled over toast, coconut and vanilla are backed by white peach. It's tightly wound and less giving on the palate."	Tiers Vineyard	89	120	South Australia	Piccadilly Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Petaluma 1999 Tiers Vineyard Chardonnay (Piccadilly Valley)	Chardonnay	Petaluma
Italy	"Made from organically farmed grapes, this structured wine opens with an intense fragrance of violets, iris, leather and Mediterranean herbs. The concentrated palate delivers layers of rich, wild cherry, mocha, white pepper and clove alongside bracing but fine tannins. This needs time to unwind and develop complexity. Drink 2015–2025."	Coltassala Riserva	92	68	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Volpaia 2010 Coltassala Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Volpaia
US	"Leading with a slightly sour smell of tart apple and lime rind, the aromas from this single-vineyard Pinot Gris also pick up a wet rock minerality. Upon sipping, flavors of apple pie and peach emerge on the backdrop of a light, vibrant mouthfeel thanks to the stainless-steel processing, making this an excellent companion for fruit-topped salads or spicy food."	Turner Vineyard	86	22	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Carr 2013 Turner Vineyard Pinot Gris (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Gris	Carr
Austria	"Fruity and aromatic, inviting and fresh—there is real zip and a spring in the step of this citrus-focused, slender Riesling. Zesty lemon and grapefruit peel take center stage on the streamlined palate and make for a super-refreshing finish."	Silberbichl Reserve	91	36	Kremstal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Stift Göttweig 2013 Silberbichl Reserve Riesling (Kremstal)	Riesling	Stift Göttweig
US	"Friendly and flavorful, this offers bright butter and fruit aromas, opulent pear and baking spice flavors and a lingering, vanilla-like finish. The texture is plush and the balance leans toward ripe and rich."		87	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dachshund 2013 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Dachshund
Spain	"This multigrape blend opens with spicy aromas of baked plum, tomato and cumin. The mouthfeel is fresh and dry, with focus. In terms of flavors, it's earthy, with baked berry, baking spice and licorice notes. The finish is smooth and earthy tasting, with roundness. Drink now through 2016."	#NAME?	90	32	Central Spain	Dominio de Valdepusa		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marques de Griñon 2007 + Summa  Varietals Syrah-Cabernet Sauvignon-Petit Verdot Red (Dominio de Valdepusa)	Red Blend	Marques de Griñon
US	"Aromas of tire rubber, plum and red currant are followed by sweet plump fruit flavors. Chalky tannins provide the frame."		86	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Diversion 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Diversion
US	"This estate red is named after its mountainous locale—a brambly vineyard on Pritchard Hill above Oakville. It combines quite ripe Cabernet Sauvignon with 15% Cabernet Franc, 15% Petit Verdot and 5% Merlot, projecting power and prestige with perfumed violet, dark cherry and savory leather and tobacco notes. Soft, pliable tannins add weight and texture. More time in bottle should add nuance; enjoy 2024–2034."	Sage Mountain Vineyard Proprietary	93	225	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Continuum 2014 Sage Mountain Vineyard Proprietary Red (Oakville)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Continuum
Italy	"Aromas of stewed plum, dried hay, toasted oak, espresso and game lead the nose. The palate delivers succulent wild cherry, fig, baking spice, tea leaf and pipe tobacco balanced by polished tannins. It's already accessible. Enjoy through 2019."	Riserva	90	52	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria La Lecciaia 2009 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Fattoria La Lecciaia
US	"A Rhône blend that will, in future vintages, not be varietally named, this is far from a standard Washington Syrah. It's threaded beautifully with nuances of fruit and spice from the Viognier coferment, Grenache and Mourvèdre that are included. Aromatic, spicy and weaving together chocolate, licorice, granite, roasted meat and berry flavors, it is both substantial and forward."		92	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tulpen 2007 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Tulpen
Chile	"Rubbery berry aromas come with a note of raw oak. On the palate, this is drawing and hard, with drying tannins. Jammy berry flavors are generic and a bit hot, while hard tannins reappear on the finish, which has a natural but raw tomato character."	Gran Reserva	87	15	Aconcagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	In Situ 2014 Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Aconcagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	In Situ
US	"This is a blend of Cabernet, Pinot, Sangiovese, Zin and three other varieties, and it will please fruit-forward fans for its wealth of cherries, raspberries, cola and peppermint candy flavors."	Rosato	84	17	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kuleto Estate 2006 Rosato Sangiovese (Napa Valley)	Sangiovese	Kuleto Estate
Moldova	"This Moldovan Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of cherry vanilla, plum and cassis. In the mouth it has soft flavors of black currants, prunes and fresh black plums before the persistent finish."	Taraboste Rezerva	89	25	Moldova			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Château Vartely 2011 Taraboste Rezerva Cabernet Sauvignon (Moldova)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Château Vartely
US	"Here's a good example of what's so disturbing about the rash of expensive Cabernets and blends that has possessed the minds of consumers. This is an awkward, cumbersome wine. Sure, the fruit is as ripe as anything on earth, but what good is extract if it doesn't have balance? The wine is excessively soft. It's cloying, and to add insult to injury, it's tannic. There are wines that cost one-fifth the price that are far better."	Tresca	86	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Allora 1999 Tresca Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Allora
France	"This impressive wood-aged wine shows both the rich side of Pouilly Fuissé and its taut, minerally character. It is full and rich, yet always expressing a nervy, zingy edge. Age for at least three years."	Vieilles Vignes	91	30	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Vitallis 2010 Vieilles Vignes  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Château Vitallis
France	"This is a rugged, firmly tannic rendering of Châteauneuf-du-Pape that requires time in the cellar to reach its full potential. That said, it may also pose a risk, because there are hints of Band-Aid on the nose and a slightly metallic edge to the finish that may worsen over time. The other flavors are potent and concentrated: plum, chocolate and licorice all leave lasting impressions on the palate. Try after 2016."	Vieilles Vignes	92	77	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Tardieu-Laurent 2009 Vieilles Vignes Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Tardieu-Laurent
France	"The wine is ripe and firm with great concentration. It comes from old vines in this southeast-facing vineyard. Rich and full of white stone fruits that are cut with citrus, it is a wine to age. The aftertaste has spice and strong minerality. Drink this wine from 2019."	Les Vieilles Vignes Montmains Premier Cru	92	36	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pascal Bouchard 2014 Les Vieilles Vignes Montmains Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Pascal Bouchard
US	Whiffs of spice and dark toast lend warmth to ripe black cherry aromas on this Syrah-Viognier blend. The palate is brisk with tart cassis and plum flavors wrapped up tightly within layers of mouthfilling tannins.		87	24	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Martha Clara 2010 Syrah (North Fork of Long Island)	Syrah	Martha Clara
US	"Plummy, smoky, chocolatey aromas lead to a richly flavored but slightly heavy wine. The soft, gentle tannins are easy to negotiate. There's a big wad of rich, jammy fruit that hits midpalate, while the finish is juicy and fruity."		84	18	California	California	California Other			Stratford 1999 Syrah (California)	Syrah	Stratford
France	"A fine, elegant wine, with balanced toast and acidity, great ripe apricot flavors along with spice from the toast, acidity, citrus and a hint of ginger. Still very young, this pure fruited wine could age over 6–10 years."	Les Pucelles Premier Cru	95	260	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Leflaive 2008 Les Pucelles Premier Cru  (Puligny-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Domaine Leflaive
France	The nose is shy but the palate is full of generous ripe pear fruit that's wonderfully countered by equally ample freshness. This interplay between opposite poles creates a friendly and appetizing wine. The finish is clean and just off dry.		90	23	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Charles Baur 2015 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Charles Baur
France	"Rich red fruits combine with good acidity, raspberry flavors and soft tannins. Ripe and juicy, it shows great fruitiness at the end."	Cuvée des Deux Papis	88	30	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Alex Gambal 2011 Cuvée des Deux Papis  (Bourgogne)	Pinot Noir	Alex Gambal
US	"Not fully ripe, this has a flavor of green tomato jelly alongside notes of cherry and cola. It shows the delicate texture and crisp acidity you expect from this coastal vineyard, but don't try to age this wine. Drink it now."	Devil's Gulch Vineyard	86	58	California	Marin County	North Coast			Dutton-Goldfield 2010 Devil's Gulch Vineyard Pinot Noir (Marin County)	Pinot Noir	Dutton-Goldfield
Italy	"Exotic spice, espresso, dried herb and berry aromas lead the way while the dense palate shows raspberry jam, vanilla and roasted coffee bean. It's tightly compressed, with close-grained, clenching tannins that leave an astringent finish."	Cannubi Boschis	89	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Virna Borgogno 2013 Cannubi Boschis  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Virna Borgogno
US	"Masses of cherries and raspberries in this single-vineyard wine, and also lots of acidity. It cuts across the palate like a squeeze of lime juice, tart and mouthwatering. Oak shows up in this equation as sweet buttered toast. Altogether, it's a complex, elegant, delicious wine that will develop bottle bouquet over the next 10 years."	Hallberg Vineyard	93	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Gary Farrell 2011 Hallberg Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Gary Farrell
US	"Soft in texture and semi-sweet, this simple Merlot has sugary cherry and blackberry flavors."		82	8	California	California	California Other			Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi 2010 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi
US	"Acidity, heat and green, stalky flavors mark this Pinot Noir. It does offer some decent cherry and cola flavors, and is properly silky and dry."		82	14	California	California	California Other			Heron 2011 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Heron
US	"This approachable Cab is from both estate and sourced fruit, all Cabernet Sauvignon. It opens with a waft of tropical coconut before delving classically into smooth black cherry, cranberry and licorice, the tannins still monstrous and the oak packing a punch."		90	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Janzen 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Janzen
US	"This is made from fruit sourced from the Milbrandt, Olsen and Kiona vineyards, which are located in three different AVAs. The wine is packed with black fruit, with light accents of smoke, toast, espresso and dark chocolate that add interest to the finish. Merlot and Petit Verdot are also in the mix."		89	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Purple Star 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Purple Star
France	"Apple, lemon oil and vinosity unite to such a degree that the nose is completely heady: here is a Riesling at the very cusp of maturity, a trajectory that has only just begun. The dry palate also reveals hints of lanolin and peach but is utterly governed by lemon freshness. This is sleek and taut, and gives you a glimpse of what mature dry Riesling can be: incisive, complex but eternally fresh. The finish is utterly clean. Drink now through 2030."	Mambourg Grand Cru	94	26	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Michel Fonne 2012 Mambourg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Michel Fonne
Spain	"Blueberry, savory plum and lemony oak are the key aromas on this firmly structured RDD. Flavors of blackened toast, blackberry, pepper and creamy oak finish pure, strong and long, with mint, licorice and chocolaty residual notes. Drink through 2022."		92	90	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alion 2009  Ribera del Duero	Tempranillo	Alion
US	"Sweet tannins and an extracted, concentrated sense of brambly blackberry make for a robust wine, puckering in weight and oak. Rustic, leathery overtones dominate the bouquet and finish."		84	95	California	Howell Mountain	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards
US	"There's very little if any oak on this wine, which has a classic Central Coast profile of high acidity and bright, intense fruit. The flavors of limes, kiwis, passionfruit and vanilla finish long and bright. Good value in a classy, superdrinkable Chardonnay."		87	11	California	Monterey	Central Coast			Hess 2006 Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	Hess
US	"Dry and papery, this not-quite-settled wine shows threads of fruit (green apple, pineapple), toasted cracker (odd in a Riesling) and plenty of sharp acidity. Time may be the missing ingredient here, but it's difficult to assess at the moment."		86	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amity Vineyards 2008 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Amity Vineyards
France	"Mainly made from the local star Négrette, this is a rounded ripe wine. It has spice and attractive caramel flavors as well as plenty of fruity acidity. Made to drink young, it is ready for the summer."	L'Allégresse	87	14	Southwest France	Fronton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bellevue la Forêt 2016 L'Allégresse Rosé (Fronton)	Rosé	Château Bellevue la Forêt
US	"Equal parts Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, the aromas start out quiet, with notes of cherry, wood spice and dark fruit. The flavors are reserved and polished, showing an exquisite sense of balance and a lingering finish."	Doyenne	92	42	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	DeLille 2014 Doyenne Red (Yakima Valley)	Red Blend	DeLille
US	"This is a memorably refreshing and reasonably complex effort, a crisp, delicious mix of tangerine, grapefruit and fresh strawberry made by the saignée method. Meaty, with texture, it's round, balanced and dry. Stock up."	Rosé of	91	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Martin Ray 2015 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Martin Ray
US	"This wine is drinking well right now, benefiting from the tertiary qualities that come from bottle age yet remaining fresh and lively. Aromas of dried red cherry, rust, sandalwood and hibiscus lead to a spice-driven palate that's bright in acidity. That rusty cherry fruit comes through in flavor, boosted by woody spice."	Elizabeth's Vista Estate	94	48	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cottonwood Canyon 2010 Elizabeth's Vista Estate Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cottonwood Canyon
US	"This wine from a historic vineyard is hard to put down. It combines flint, pencil lead, smoked wood, chopped chives, sweet onion, crushed limestone and a touch of white pepper on the stonefruit-based nose. A strong toast and brioche character carries the sip, touching on white sesame, graphite and even shaved parmesan. It's savory, tangy and addictive."	Sierra Madre Vineyard	94	48	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2014 Sierra Madre Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
US	"This wine's peach, melon and flowers aromas are bright. The palate is dry and fleshy with a bitter note that distracts."	Vivacious	83	18	Idaho			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	3 Horse Ranch Vineyards 2014 Vivacious White	White Blend	3 Horse Ranch Vineyards
US	"Kungfu Girl has become an iconic Riesling on the strength of its instantly recognizable label, and surpassing quality. At 11% alcohol and 18 g/L residual sugar, it rests comfortably on the fence between dry and off-dry, and is a bulls-eye rendition of Washington Riesling. A dense mix of citrus, apple and tree fruits, enhanced with skin textures and finishing with highlights of honey and tea, this is flat out delicious."	Kungfu Girl	91	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Charles Smith 2012 Kungfu Girl Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Charles Smith
Chile	"The cherry and cinnamon aromas are true and inviting, and they stand up to the oak that's been thrown at this Pinot. The flavor profile deals raspberry and cherry amid oaky shadings. The finish is toasty and warm, with some coffee popping up late in the game. Fresh, fruity and true."	Reserve	85	16	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casas del Bosque 2001 Reserve Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Viña Casas del Bosque
US	"Firm, hard, tart and chewy, this has tight black fruits, high acids and earthy tannins, which are lightened with a note of pretty baking spice."	Runway	86	18	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Airfield Estates 2010 Runway Merlot (Yakima Valley)	Merlot	Airfield Estates
France	"Heavy wood masks the fruit in this wine, leaving a dense and dry toasty character. Only underneath are there signs of fresher acidity and black-currant fruits. Wait until 2019. Denis Dubourdieu and Christophe Ollivier consult with manager Philippe Lacoste for the Beraud-Sudreau family."		86	25	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Ferran 2013  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Ferran
US	"This beautifully concentrated wine is all-fruit, all the time. It's appetizing texture is buoyed by firm, fine-grained tannins. It oozes blackberry syrup aromas, and floods the palate with rich grape and cassis flavors that linger a long time on the finish."	Block 10 Vineyard Series	93	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bella 2013 Block 10 Vineyard Series Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Bella
US	"A value-priced California Zin from the folks at Sobon in Amador County, this wine is jammy in blackberry flavor, meaty with traces of tobacco. While the finish is long it's also piqued with a taste of high alcohol."	Special Reserve	85	11	California	California	California Other	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Shenandoah 2011 Special Reserve Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Shenandoah
US	"Fairly dense and viscous. The wine serves up smoky, black cherry, toast, herb and chocolate flavors couched in supple tannins. Moderate on the finish. —J.M."		88	27	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Hagafen 2000 Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Hagafen
Italy	"Cantina del Pino is a true manufacturer of delight and magic. This pristine, elegant but mature Barbaresco is a prime example of this vintner's exciting potential. Aromas of jammy berry, cola, cedar and smoke are carefully layered and stacked tall. Open in 5–10 years."		91	45	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Cantina del Pino 2008  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Cantina del Pino
France	"Produced from Niellucciu, this wine is ripe, perfumed and also packed with crisp acidity. Fresh raspberry, citrus and a touch of caramel are brought comfortably together by the acidity and zesty aftertaste. Drink now."		86	20	France Other	Patrimonio		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos Alivu 2015 Rosé (Patrimonio)	Rosé	Clos Alivu
US	"A saline edge offsets crisp yellow peach and starfruit flavors in this zesty dry Riesling. It's spry and fruity, yet elegant, finishing with surprising persistence."	Sawmill Creek Vineyards Dry	89	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Billsboro 2014 Sawmill Creek Vineyards Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Billsboro
US	"This 100% varietal from one of the state's oldest vineyards brims with aromas of dark roasted coffee, char, bittersweet chocolate and black cherry. Flavors show plenty of concentration and depth with a lingering, cocoa and vanilla-filled finish."	Cold Creek Vineyard	91	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2012 Cold Creek Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Ste. Michelle
New Zealand	"Fromm has nailed the texture of this Pinot, hitting just the right silky note. The aromas show an earthy, humus-like edge to the berry fruit and the touches of vanilla and maple syrup are maybe a touch too obvious. Cola and earth flavors mark the midpalate, while ripe berries come throughon the lingering finish, suggesting that this may even improve with 3–4 years in the cellar."	Clayvin Vineyard	89	72	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Fromm Winery 2006 Clayvin Vineyard Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Fromm Winery
Spain	"Pickled aromas of citrus and apple suggest sauerkraut. A bit flat and lazy on the palate, this tastes of briny citrus and green herbs. A grassy-tasting finish brings back pickled, briny notes."	Brut Reserva	86	15	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mont Marçal 2012 Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Mont Marçal
France	"Initially earthy aromas give way to red fruits. The wine follows the same pattern, the barnyard flavors opening out with the ripe red plum and strawberry fruits. There is a delicious richness here, balanced with acidity and firm tannins."	Santenots Premier Cru	92	95	Burgundy	Volnay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pierre Morey 2005 Santenots Premier Cru  (Volnay)	Pinot Noir	Pierre Morey
US	"The point of this semisweet bottling is a little unclear, but it offers a beautifully rich nose of honeysuckle, buttercream, white peach, almond paste and flint. The palate is rich, creamy and quite sweet, with peach, melon and mango flavors. Consider it as a light dessert wine or a pairing for spicy foods."	Late Harvest	88	36	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Boekenoogen 2015 Late Harvest Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Boekenoogen
Italy	"From the Orcia area of Tuscany, here's a blockbuster 70-30 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot with deep concentration and thick density. Evident woodshop or carpentry tones come into play, leaving long-lasting flavaors of vanilla bean, chocolate and coffee. The wine has tart, plump tannins that need a few more years of bottle aging before they settle into place. Drink after 2015."	Guardiavigna	91	135	Tuscany	Orcia				Podere Forte 2005 Guardiavigna Red (Orcia)	Red Blend	Podere Forte
US	"Named after famed Horse Heaven Hills grower Mimi Nye, this wine brings aromas of toast, custard and pineapple. Fruit and barrel flavors weave together on the palate, carrying through the finish."	Mimi	89	20	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2014 Mimi Chardonnay (Horse Heaven Hills)	Chardonnay	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"Saturated in every way, this sappy, spicy, almost surreal Tempranillo piles on the wild, gamy fruit, the mineral-infused base, the leaf and forest flavors, all around tart berry flavors. Amazingly deep color, fine-grained tannins, a sweetly herbal character, and great balance throughout."	Impulsivo	94	75	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cayuse 2008 Impulsivo Tempranillo (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Tempranillo	Cayuse
Italy	"Menthol, blue flower, oak and a whiff of exotic spice emerge in the glass. The firm palate offers raspberry compote, mocha and a hint of cake spice alongside bracing tannins that clench the finish."	Rocche di Castiglione	89	79	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Oddero 2012 Rocche di Castiglione  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Oddero
US	"There's a funky, foxy note and a sour edge to this wine, which seems disjointed, or perhaps still showing a little bottle shock. Component flavors include sour plum and wild cherry, and the finish is leathery and tannic."	Trouble	85	30	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	A Blooming Hill Vineyard 2015 Trouble Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	A Blooming Hill Vineyard
US	"Shy, timid notes of white peach and tropical fruit are offset by hints of vanilla and nutty biscuit. It feels medium to full bodied, but this lacks intensity and concentration overall. A touch of spice on the midpalate adds interest."		83	28	Virginia	Monticello				Keswick Vineyards 2011 Chardonnay (Monticello)	Chardonnay	Keswick Vineyards
US	"Fresh pomegranate, smoked green olives and pencil shavings make for an intriguing nose on this county blend from Ernst Storm. Tart raspberry fruit and fresh sage show on the palate, but it's quite retrained and mineral driven, proving a bit bitter."		89	40	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Storm 2013 Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Storm
US	"This is a generous white from the famous vineyard site, robust in toasted oak and big flavors of butterscotch and vanilla. Youthful, it opens in the glass to find more of its ripe fruit, from Gravenstein apple to baked pear."	Estate	90	56	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bacigalupi 2014 Estate Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Bacigalupi
Spain	"Dibon is new to us, and after tasting this complete, well-made Cava we are happy to make its acquaintance. The nose offers regal yeast and richness, while the palate has complexity to prop up apple, citrus and grapefruit flavors. Solid from front to back, with health and freshness."	Brut Reserve	88	10	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Dibon NV Brut Reserve Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Dibon
New Zealand	"A tremendous effort from Spy Valley, this easily eclipses the winery's regular Sauvignon Blanc. Fig, melon and hints of vanilla mark the nose, while the palate amps up the citrus component, providing delineation to the nectarine flavors. It's on the full side of medium-bodied, with a silky, slightly creamy texture and a lingering finish that seamlessly blends citrus and stone fruit."	Envoy Single Vineyard	93	32	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Spy Valley 2012 Envoy Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Spy Valley
US	There is nothing wimpy about this 100% pure Merlot. The firm core of tart berry and currant adds iron and clove highlights through a concentrated midpalate; the finish is a bit rough and hints at green tannins.		87	16	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kamiak 2006 Merlot (Yakima Valley)	Merlot	Kamiak
Argentina	"Fresh like a peach on the nose, with a bit of warm radiator dust. Flavors of lemon and green apple are narrow, and the mouthfeel is limited and indicates that the lifespan of the wine may be short. Citric on the finish, and overall there's just not a lot going on here."		83	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Árido 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Mendoza)	Sauvignon Blanc	Árido
US	"Goldeneye's estate-grown Pinot, much of it from Gowan Creek Vineyard, this wine is intended to be the best blend from the best barrels. Powerful, with a ripe mouthful of blueberry, it is framed well by oak, giving it a roasted quality and suggestion of forest floor."	Ten Degrees	92	110	California	Anderson Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Goldeneye 2010 Ten Degrees Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Goldeneye
US	"The richness of this bottling seems to have been falling over the last few vintages. The '06 is very dry and tart, with modest cherry, rhubarb, cola and spice flavors that are unlikely to evolve."	Dutton Ranch	85	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Dutton-Goldfield 2006 Dutton Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dutton-Goldfield
US	"Another successful 2011 from this winery, in fact the best of their six new Pinots. Shows the brilliant acidity and light, delicate texture of the coast, with the concentrated fruit, cola and spice flavors this esteemed vineyard is noted for. Highly complex and dry, it's delicious to drink now, and should age well for a good six years."	Gap's Crown Vineyard	94	54	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Sojourn 2011 Gap's Crown Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sojourn
Germany	"Brisk and elegant, this wine has an alpine feel that accentuates its lean, cutting profile. The palate is a tad austere, highlighting minerality and acidity over fruit, but a touch of white grapefruit peeks through nicely on the finish."	Fisherman	87	11	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Gustav Adolf Schmitt 2012 Fisherman Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Gustav Adolf Schmitt
US	"Intoxicating aromas of plum jelly, violets, blueberry, chocolate and cinnamon are cut with a pencil-lead focus on this bottling by a family in the Paso wine game since 1908. Flavors of blackberry jelly are lifted by lavender and anise spice."	Osso Balenda Vineyard	92	40	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Rotta 2013 Osso Balenda Vineyard Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Rotta
US	"This is an intense, somewhat unformed vineyard-designate, ripe with sweet tannins that takes on considerable barrel flavors of vanilla and caramel."	Thornton Vineyard	85	39	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Acacia 2013 Thornton Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Acacia
US	"A very nice, super-drinkable Merlot. Crisp in acids and tannins, it shows the fine structure and dryness that are missing in so many of today's California reds. The cherry, currant and oak flavors have an earthy grounding of tobacco and sage."		88	15	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Tangley Oaks 2005 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Tangley Oaks
Italy	"Aromas include raisin, underbrush, tobacco leaf, vanilla and espresso. The palate delivers blueberry extract, mocha and subtle oak alongside soft acidity and fleeting tannins. It's forward and extremely accessible so enjoy throughout 2015."		86	28	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenute Silvio Nardi 2012  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Tenute Silvio Nardi
US	"Soft and creamy, this full-bodied wine is a mix of apple, pear and mango around swirls of vanilla. Round and smooth, it finishes in a burst of fresh-squeezed citrus."	Split Rock Vineyard	88	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kagan 2011 Split Rock Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Kagan
Italy	"Boasting lovely depth and great complexity, this iconic bottling opens with scents of toasted hazelnut, exotic fruit, baking spice and a balsamic note. The creamy, elegantly structured palate offers nectarine zest, ripe golden apple, pastry cream, roasted nut and a honey note alongside an ultrafine perlage."	Giulio Ferrari Riserva del Fondatore	94	130	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ferrari 2004 Giulio Ferrari Riserva del Fondatore Chardonnay (Trento)	Chardonnay	Ferrari
Chile	"Round black-fruit aromas are bold and friendly, while in the mouth this is grabby and full bodied. Flavors of roasted plum and berry are generous albeit a hint green in the middle, while toasty darkness defines the finish, which brings a touch of bitterness."	La Capitana Barrel Reserve	88	18	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña La Rosa 2010 La Capitana Barrel Reserve Merlot (Cachapoal Valley)	Merlot	Viña La Rosa
US	"Sebastiani has had good results with their Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir, and this bottling continues that tradition. It's a lovely wine, dry and rich, with raspberry and cherry pie, sweet, smoky oak and spice flavors, brightened with fine acidity. A wonderful wine for restaurants at a price that's affordable."		90	18	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Sebastiani 2009 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sebastiani
New Zealand	"This is a pretty, lightweight wine marked by peppery accents. Those give it an almost Syrah-like quality, although the weight and texture is all Pinot. Red cherry and spice flavors finish lacy and dusty. Ready to drink now."		89	34	Martinborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Alana Estate 2012 Pinot Noir (Martinborough)	Pinot Noir	Alana Estate
France	"While this domaine is based in Chaintré it also has vines in Pouilly-Fuissé. This wine comes from a 2.4-acre vineyard on the clay and chalk soil that marks this appellation. It is rich, full in the mouth with a mineral texture and lively acidity. It is still young and will be better from late 2017."	Les Robées	91	25	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Fabrice Larochette 2014 Les Robées  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Domaine Fabrice Larochette
US	"Balanced and fresh, mixing berries, fresh herbs, black cherry and dried mushroom components, this medium-long, estate-grown wine is designed for significant short-term improvement. Delicious already, it seems poised to evolve gracefully through 2021."	Estate	91	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Carlton Hill 2012 Estate Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Carlton Hill
US	"Royal Cuvée is usually Gloria Ferrer's best bubbly, and so it is with this bottling, a worthy followup to the past several vintages. Very finely structured, it shows appealing flavors of cherries, citrus fruits and vanilla, and is so rich, it's almost like a table wine. Addictively good now. Watch it change as it warms in the glass."	Royal Cuvée	93	35	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Gloria Ferrer 2001 Royal Cuvée Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Gloria Ferrer
Portugal	"Orange pink in color, this is a fat wine. It has acidity and red berry fruits although they are surrounded by a plump texture. It is ready to drink."	Bridão Classico	84	7	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo 2014 Bridão Classico Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo
Italy	"This structured Nebbiolo delivers classic sensations of dark cherry, clove, cinnamon and a hint of orange peel. Vibrant, with fresh acidity balanced by silky-smooth tannins, it's ready to be enjoyed now."	Marghe	90	23	Piedmont	Langhe		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Damilano 2012 Marghe Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Damilano
Chile	"Herbal, saucy aromas of tomato and spice accent dark-berry fruit, while the palate carries a tight, fresh, crisp feel. This brings herbal, spicy notes along with berry and cassis flavors, while the finish rolls out in loamy yet short fashion."	Casillero del Diablo Reserva	88	11	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2012 Casillero del Diablo Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Concha y Toro
US	"Acidic, in the winery's style, with a tart, citrusy brightness to the dry flavors of butterscotch, sautéed bananas, green apples and pears. An exotic Chardonnay to drink now, and dont serve it too cold."	Dutton Ranch - Rued Vineyard	90	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Dutton-Goldfield 2009 Dutton Ranch - Rued Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Dutton-Goldfield
US	"Fragrant and soft, this sends up a chocolaty mix of strawberry and raspberry fruit scents and flavors. It's a barrel selection from a variety of vineyards, and is young enough to show a stiff, somewhat herbal edge to the tannins. Give it an hour or two in a decanter for best drinking."	Backbone	89	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	King Estate 2011 Backbone Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	King Estate
Italy	"Rich black berry flavors lead in this delicious blend of 80% Montepulciano and 20% Sangiovese. The juicy fruit carries over to the palate, with notes of balsamic herbs alongside big, ripe tannins. It's a straightforward wine for everyday pleasure. Drink now."		87	10	Central Italy	Rosso Piceno		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Laila 2012  Rosso Piceno	Red Blend	Fattoria Laila
Germany	"Earth and bramble notes intensify the savory, mineral character of this dry, spry Riesling. Lemon and lime revitalize the midpalate and lead a zesty finish. Drink now."	Estate Dry	86	15	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Heinz Eifel 2013 Estate Dry Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Heinz Eifel
US	"With moderate alcohol, this Pinot is silky and delicate in the mouth, with excellent acidity. Yet it's intense in sunshiney-ripe raspberries and cherries, as well as a hint of mushrooms that will become more pronounced with age. Defines the lighter style of California Pinot, in a gracious, elegant style."	Winery Block Estate	91	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Balletto 2011 Winery Block Estate Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Balletto
US	"Columbia Crest makes a limited number of single vineyard reserves. This Zinfandel comes from what is emerging as the best site for that grape in Washington. Bright, tart, and full of sappy raspberry and red fruits, this young, ageworthy Zin has great penetration and punch. In style, it is closest to classic Dry Creek Zins from such producers as A. Rafanelli and Doug Nalle. Though labeled simply Columbia Valley, it's actually the Wahluke Slope AVA."	Stone Tree Vineyard Reserve	90	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2007 Stone Tree Vineyard Reserve Zinfandel (Columbia Valley (WA))	Zinfandel	Columbia Crest
US	"Bold and beautiful, this powerful Zin has a deep, dark color that's practically black but with a brilliant ruby rim. Brooding aromas suggest wood smoke, black pepper and boysenberry. There is an impressive density in texture, as firm tannins and acidity support the rich array of flavors."	Rage	93	59	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Michael David 2012 Rage Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Michael David
US	"A beautiful Cab, ripe and lush, that defines the modern style of Oakville. With soft but complex tannins, its flavors are classic Cab, showing cassis and licorice, with a gorgeous overlay of smoky oak. Right up there with the best of them, the grapes were grown from a single vineyard at the Vine Hill Ranch."		94	100	California	Oakville	Napa			Etude 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Etude
France	"Well-balanced wine, ripe fruit, touches of wood, light spice, ginger and sweet apples. Structured, held well together by wood."	Vieilles Vignes	90	28	Burgundy	Mâcon-Charnay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean Manciat 2008 Vieilles Vignes  (Mâcon-Charnay)	Chardonnay	Jean Manciat
Portugal	This wine is rich and packed with black fruits. The soft texture and ripe fruitiness mean the tannins will soon fully integrate. Drink from 2018.	Mariana Tinto	88	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade do Rocim 2016 Mariana Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade do Rocim
US	"What a pretty wine. Made for drinking soon, it shows impeccable balance in the finely ground tannins, moderate alcohol and deft touch of oak. Feels soft and complex in the mouth, carrying flavors of berries, herbs, mocha and sandalwood. Easy to find, with 16,056 cases produced."		88	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Charles Krug 2006 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Charles Krug
US	"Slightly volatile aromas suggest bubble gum, and the fruit flavors continue in that vein. It does a quick fade into a dry, lightly mineral finish."		85	17	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hanson Vineyards 2014 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Hanson Vineyards
New Zealand	"Shows good concentration of tropical and citrus fruit, but also a heavy veneer of vanillin oak, ending on notes of tangerine and slightly bitter roasted coffee. It's still a good wine, and if your preferences run toward dark, oaky flavors on the finish, you may like it more than this."	Godfrey Reserve	86	29	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kathy Lynskey 2005 Godfrey Reserve Chardonnay (Marlborough)	Chardonnay	Kathy Lynskey
US	"A wine given ample time in bottle, this exhibits a fair amount of ripe fruit and honeyed oak and vanilla. The generous offering of apple fritter and crème brûlée retains enough minerality in the background to stay balanced and refined."	Sexton Hill Vineyard Estate Grown Estate Bottled	91	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Balletto 2012 Sexton Hill Vineyard Estate Grown Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Balletto
Chile	"Aromas of fresh-cut grass, citrus peel and yeasty dust are typical of the Casablanca region. A round mouthfeel offers proper acidic cut, while flavors of grapefruit, lime and bell pepper finish green but fresh."	Cefiro Reserva	86	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2014 Cefiro Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Viña Casablanca
US	"Hay yellow in the glass, this rosé isn't pink at all, but offers inviting aromas of seltzer, crushed chalk, light lemon peels and yellow apples. The palate is quite mellow, which is pleasing, showing flavors of cider apple, dough and grapefruit peel."	Cork Jumper Blanc de Noirs Rosé	92	48	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Riverbench 2014 Cork Jumper Blanc de Noirs Rosé Sparkling (Santa Maria Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Riverbench
Australia	"Light, fresh and silky—just what might be expected from cool-climate Pinot Noir. A pleasant earthiness underscores prettily interwoven strands of herbs and cherries. It's exciting to see the burgeoning quality of the wines coming out of Tasmania."		87	18	Tasmania	Tasmania		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	42°S 2008 Pinot Noir (Tasmania)	Pinot Noir	42°S
France	"From a property owned by the Bignon-Cordier family of Château Talbot in Saint-Julien in Bordeaux, this wine is packed with red fruit. Smooth and full bodied, it offers a touch of spice as well as perfumed raspberry acidity. A rich wine, it is ready to drink."		91	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Saint Andrieu 2015 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Saint Andrieu
Chile	"Morandé's top Chardonnay is a single-vineyard offering from the oldest vineyard in Casablanca Valley, and is aged in French oak. Hearty buttery aromas give way to some mineral and banana notes underneath; toasty apple flavors in a rich, full mouthfeel are thankfully devoid of cloying creaminess. Oak is good, but still overshadows the fruit."	Visiterra	86	15	Casablanca Valley					Morandé 2001 Visiterra Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Morandé
US	"Very fine, a smooth, silky wine with an elegant mousse, or quality of bubbles. It's pretty full-bodied, with subtle raspberry, peach, vanilla and brioche flavors. Easily the most complex and interesting of Chandon's lineup of sparklers."	Etoile Rosé	92	50	California	Napa-Sonoma	Napa-Sonoma			Chandon NV Etoile Rosé Sparkling (Napa-Sonoma)	Sparkling Blend	Chandon
Canada	"Fresh and toasty, spicy and focused, this matches crisp fruit flavors of apple, citrus and pineapple to barrel-fermented grace notes. The overall length and definition are excellent, and the wine should drink well now through 2020."		90	30	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Black Hills 2013 Chardonnay (Okanagan Valley)	Chardonnay	Black Hills
US	"A little simple and soft, but a pretty good approximation of Russian River Valley Pinot Noir. Shows raspberry jam, cola, red licorice and sandalwood flavors, wrapped into a silky texture."		86	17	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Sea Mist 2008 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sea Mist
US	"This crisp and lightly floral bottling shows Asian pear, yellow apple rind and white rose petal on the nose, revealing hints of petrol and wet stone as it opens. The palate is tight, sharp, and racy, with chalky limestone, lime peel and apple skin flavors."	Alluvial Fan	90	25	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joyce 2016 Alluvial Fan Riesling (Monterey County)	Riesling	Joyce
Italy	"This young Chianti Classico is still a bit closed, but it reveals cherry and raspberry sensations along with black- and white-pepper notes. It's still tightly knit but it should should open up well after one or two more years bottle aging."		87	19	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta di Lilliano 2011  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Tenuta di Lilliano
France	Vines planted in 1947 are the source of this dark and concentrated wine. It has a strongly smoky character with dry tannins. They contrast with the potential of the red cherry and berry fruits that are ripe and juicy. The wine is developing well and should be ready to drink from 2019.	Vieilles Vignes	91	35	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roche de Bellene 2014 Vieilles Vignes  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Roche de Bellene
US	"The aromas are shy on this bottling, but with patience show gravel and blackberry juice. The mouthfeel is also a bit light, offering dark red and purple fruit alongside asphalt and espresso bean."		86	38	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pomar Junction 2013 Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	Pomar Junction
Italy	"A blend of 50% Montepulciano, 25% Cabernet Sauvignon and 25% Merlot, this densely packed wine is loaded with black fruit and new oak sensations. The ripe blackberry and black cherry flavors are layered with notes of espresso, spice and new oak. It's not very complex, but the fruit is attractive. Enjoy soon."	Ludi	87	65	Central Italy	Offida Rosso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Velenosi 2009 Ludi  (Offida Rosso)	Red Blend	Velenosi
US	"The nose on this wine from regional pioneer Gary Eberle is reserved at first, then releases seared lemon, tightly wound stone fruit, soft butter and caramel nibs. There is a pleasant weight on the medium-density palate, with sour-leaning flavors of Granny Smith apple peels, lime rinds and some riper honeydew melon."	Eberle Estate Vineyard	86	22	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Eberle 2013 Eberle Estate Vineyard Chardonnay (Paso Robles)	Chardonnay	Eberle
US	"Takes the popular route, with caramelized oak and ripe fruit that taste sweet. Almost like a dessert wine, showing tangerine, vanilla and buttered toast flavors that pall after a sip or two."		84	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Pure Cru 2009 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Pure Cru
Croatia	"This red blend of 34% Babic, 33% Plavina and 33% Lasin has delightful aromas of tart cherry pie fresh out of the oven. There's lots of bright fruit and fresh acidity in the finish."	Riserva R6	89	20	North Dalmatia			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Bibich 2010 Riserva R6 Red (North Dalmatia)	Red Blend	Bibich
US	"This seems to be losing its freshness and appears to be on the down side; the nose is a mixed bag of burnt toast, sulfur and dried straw. The palate offers more likable characteristics, such as green apple and citrus. But the finish is heavily wooded, and there's an element of cheese here."	Purisima Mountain Vineyard	86	20	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Beckmen 1999 Purisima Mountain Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Beckmen
US	"This is 100% Pinot Noir, tart and young and juicy, and at this price it's a pretty fair value. It could be criticized as being slightly sour, but it has none of the herbal, leafy, vegetal character that can haunt inexpensive Oregon Pinots."		86	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Pappas Wine Company 2005 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Pappas Wine Company
US	"From giant Brown-Forman, it's a lip-smackingly fruity Chard, bigtime in pineapple, vanilla and smoky caramel flavors, with a sweet, honeyed finish."		84	10	California	California	California Other			Little Black Dress 2005 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Little Black Dress
US	"Good, rich black currant, licorice and oak flavors provide plenty of drinking pleasure in this dry, full-bodied Cab. Fully approachable now, it wants pairing with sturdy roasted meats and stews. You might even decant it for an hour or two."	Annabella Special Selection	86	17	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Michael Pozzan 2011 Annabella Special Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Michael Pozzan
US	"An impressive Cabernet, rich and dense in fruit and oak, with tremendous tannins that are at once hard and soft. It's already throwing some sediment, and the cherry and raspberry fruit comes through in a pure, sweetly feminine manner. Should continue to evolve in the bottle for at least 10 years."	Cobblestone Vineyard Reserve	93	52	California	Atlas Peak	Napa			Cobblestone 2009 Cobblestone Vineyard Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Atlas Peak)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cobblestone
US	"Klopp is a mix of California and Burgundy clones, one of the producer's finest offerings every year, made in an opulent, balanced style. Lush layers of strawberry and cherry are surrounded by truffle-like dirt. The wine is concentrated in tannin and subtle oak, while anise marks the measured finish. The wine will benefit from time in the cellar through 2020."	Klopp Ranch	93	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Merry Edwards 2012 Klopp Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
US	"This very focused wine is deeply colored, has smoky, meaty aromas and concentrated fruit flavors. It is full bodied, firm and moderately tannic in texture."		88	15	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Casto Oaks 2014 Syrah (Sierra Foothills)	Syrah	Casto Oaks
France	"This powerful, perfumed wine shows as much structure as fruit. That gives it a strong presence, solid and dense. Its black plum and damson fruits have richness, spice and intense acidity. With the dark tannins, the wine will certainly age. Drink from 2018."		92	55	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Brown 2011  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Brown
US	"The king of New York State Riesling pulls it off again. This wine opens with a gorgeous blend of mineral and fruit. The vibrant flavors follow through in the mouth with wet stones, apricot, pear and just a touch of slate. The long, elegant finish justifies every penny of the $18 price tag."	Dry	89	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes			Dr. Konstantin Frank 2007 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Dr. Konstantin Frank
US	"The oak is strong, giving a toasty, charcoal aroma and tannic texture, and the acids and grape tannins likewise contribute to making this wine rather aloof. Underneath are good, complex cherry and raspberry flavors, with an earthy richness approaching chocolate. Seems to have all the parts in place to age. Try around 2012."	Estate Vineyard	88	70	California	Rutherford	Napa			Rutherford Ranch 2005 Estate Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rutherford Ranch
US	"Very lean in mouthfeel and very dry and light in flavor, this refreshing wine adds cucumber flavors to lemon zest aromas. It's light in body, crisp and tangy in texture."		87	18	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	J Vineyards & Winery 2016 Pinot Gris (California)	Pinot Gris	J Vineyards & Winery
US	"This is one of Iron Horse's drier wines, with a low dosage, but it's still fairly sweet. There's a coating of sugar on the raspberries, oranges and limes. The bubbles are a bit scoury now, but this Pinot Noir and Chardonnay blend could develop nuances in the cellar after, say, 2013."	Brut X	89	50	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			Iron Horse 2006 Brut X Sparkling (Green Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Iron Horse
US	"Certainly among the most unusual wines from this vineyard, here is a Pinot Gris with 30 g/L residual sugar and alcohol under 11%. There is sufficient acidity—along with the minerality that the vineyard is known for—to keep the flavors of citrus rind and flesh well rounded and buoyant. Sweet enough to pair with a fruity dessert."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Drizzle	90	19	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Convergence Zone 2012 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Drizzle Pinot Gris (Red Mountain)	Pinot Gris	Convergence Zone
Chile	"Leafy, dry, earthy aromas come in front of a bouncy, fresh palate. Plum, cherry and pomegranate flavors drive this in the direction of red fruits, while the finish is a little woody, dry and peppery."	Aliwen Reserva	87	13	Leyda Valley-Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2012 Aliwen Reserva Pinot Noir (Leyda Valley-Maipo Valley)	Pinot Noir	Undurraga
Portugal	"A bold ripe wine that is full of dark fruits and tannins. It is warm, rounded with spice as well as fine acidity and blackberry flavors. The wine is now fully developed, ready to drink."	Private Selection	87	21	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Monte da Capela 2013 Private Selection Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Monte da Capela
US	"Hard to like, with very high, mouth-puckering acidity framing thinned-down cherry flavors. On the plus side, the wine is totally dry, with a silky texture."		82	18	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Martin & Weyrich 2004 Nebbiolo (Paso Robles)	Nebbiolo	Martin & Weyrich
US	"Dry, streamlined and acidic, with suggestions of peaches, apples, vanilla, cream and cinnamon. A decent everyday Chardonnay with a touch of smoky oak."		84	20	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			La Crema 2008 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	La Crema
US	"This Pinot Noir is from the far or “true” Sonoma Coast, near Annapolis, north of the new Fort Ross-Seaview appellation. It shows its origin in the brisk acidity and delicacy of mouthfeel, as well as the fantastic range of wild red berry, cola, pine, nettle and white pepper flavors that change from second to second. New oak brings toasty, vanilla complexities and wood tannins. This is a delicious wine now, but will age gracefully for at least eight years."	Ridgetop Vineyard	93	59	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Sojourn 2011 Ridgetop Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sojourn
US	"This powerful, savory bottling named for the two generations behind the family winery opens with toasted barrel and meat aromas before expanding on the nose and palate with additional black pepper and soy components. The fruit is distinctly spicy—a mix of blackberry, clove and cinnamon."	One Point Five	94	90	California	Stags Leap District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Shafer 2014 One Point Five Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Shafer
US	"Aromas of butterscotch, spice and red fruit are followed by fleshy fruit flavors. The palate shows a pleasing sense of balance, though the tannins bring a slight grit."	Vineyard Series	89	28	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Milbrandt 2012 Vineyard Series Tempranillo (Wahluke Slope)	Tempranillo	Milbrandt
Italy	"This Amarone has aromas of ripe berry, raisin and spice. The palate delivers mature plum, prune and black licorice notes. It's soft and sweet right now, but reflecting the heat of the vintage, it also seems evolved beyond its age, so drink soon."	Acinatico	89	38	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Stefano Accordini 2009 Acinatico  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Stefano Accordini
Italy	"Aromas of wild cherry, raspberry, rose, grilled herb and a balsamic note follow through to the firm palate along with fresh mint and orange zest. Fine-grained tannins and fresh acidity support the juicy flavors."	Capotondo	90	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castelvecchi 2012 Capotondo  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Castelvecchi
US	"Green herb and cut-grass notes lend a fresh purity to this Cabernet Franc rosé. Sprightly in body, with fresh, citrusy acidity, it would pair beautifully with herbaceous Thai or Vietnamese cuisine."	Dry	87	12	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Sheldrake Point 2011 Dry Rosé (Finger Lakes)	Rosé	Sheldrake Point
Chile	"On multiple passes this smells a touch earthy, but also reserved and rich. A dense, pure, silky palate is not rough in the least, while chocolaty, oaky flavors merge with berry and cassis and end in elegant notes of pepper, spice and herbs. This is more or less ready to go; drink through 2020."		94	100	Puente Alto			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Almaviva 2013 Red (Puente Alto)	Red Blend	Almaviva
US	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (70%) and Syrah, brooding aromas of ground stone, herb, brown stem and black fruit give way to dense layered blackberry flavors. It shows great focus, poise, texture and exquisite length. Best from 2021 to 2027."	King Coal Stoneridge Vineyard	95	100	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	K Vintners 2013 King Coal Stoneridge Vineyard Red (Washington)	Red Blend	K Vintners
France	"Crisp, very light and fruity, this is an attractive, ready-to-drink wine. A touch of acidity at the end gives freshness."		86	30	Burgundy	Mâcon-Milly Lamartine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Les Héritiers du Comte Lafon 2012  Mâcon-Milly Lamartine	Chardonnay	Les Héritiers du Comte Lafon
New Zealand	"At the tender young age of three, this is still tight, angular and bold, laden with crunchy black-cherry fruit that's framed by hints of sandalwood and cedar. The fruit tannins are silky smooth, shored up by woody notes on the finish, but expect those to resolve over the next few years. Drink 2015–2020, possibly longer."	Rachel	92	55	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Seresin 2010 Rachel Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Seresin
Italy	"This concentrated Sangiovese opens with aromas of underbrush, toasted oak, vanilla, mature plum and ripe berry. The firm palate offers fleshy blackberry extract, clove, licorice and oak-driven spice alongside a backbone of bracing tannins. Drink 2017–2022."	Il Carbonaione	92	75	Tuscany	Alta Valle della Greve		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio Scalette 2012 Il Carbonaione Sangiovese (Alta Valle della Greve)	Sangiovese	Poggio Scalette
US	"This classy Walla Walla Syrah is still young and tightly wound, with juicy acids and flavors of tart berry and wild mountain fruit. As it opens in the glass it starts to show smoked ham and bacon, with black pepper in the back. Tannins are chewy and right on the border between green and black tea, but the bright raspberry fruit shines through. It's got good, crunchy structure and a substantial finish."		91	29	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Beresan 2005 Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Beresan
US	"A powerful and dramatic Pinot Noir. The first thing you notice is the depth. The range of flavors goes on and on, ranging from cherries, oranges and cola through mocha to more classic notes of forest floor, mushrooms and peppery spices. Bone dry, with ultra-fine tannins, it's a gorgeous wine now, and should age gracefully for 6–8 years."	Ferguson Block	94	44	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Robert Stemmler 2007 Ferguson Block Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Robert Stemmler
US	"The winery says it can't reveal the source of the grapes, which is odd, but we do know it's in Rutherford. Made from 100% Cab, and aged in 100% new French oak, it is, in a word, splendid. Rich in blackberries, cassis and dark chocolate, the fruit was clearly well grown, and the tannin-acid balance is utterly classic. This beautiful wine is a partnership between three well-known and high-scoring vintners from other brands. It is a winery worth following."	The Treat	94	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Tres Vinicultores 2007 The Treat Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tres Vinicultores
US	"Herbal and somewhat weedy, this is a thin wine from a coolish year, offering faint amounts of cassis, cranberry and milk chocolate."		84	65	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards
Italy	"Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Ciliegiolo, this opens with blackberry and Mediterranean brush aromas. The easygoing palate delivers red cherry and clove alongside chewy tannins. Enjoy soon."	Sara	87	12	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Perazzeta 2014 Sara Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Perazzeta
France	A blend that is dominated by Chenin Blanc has produced a beautiful lightly honeyed wine. Its apple fruitiness and brilliant acidity give it great crispness along with an added touch of spice. Drink this delicious wine now.	Amirault	91	32	Loire Valley	Crémant de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Amirault 2016 Amirault Sparkling (Crémant de Loire)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Amirault
New Zealand	"A struck-flint note on the nose gives this wine a touch of fumé character, and the familiar tropical fruit and overt green notes seem reined-in for this vintage. Those attributes actually make the 2013 an easier match with food, as does the racy line of acids that impart a crisp, citrusy feel from start to finish."		90	28	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cloudy Bay 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cloudy Bay
Spain	"Citrus and apricot aromas are basic. This feels dilute but fresh. Peppery, slightly bitter and stalky white-fruit flavors finish similarly."	Made with Organic Grapes	84	10	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mureda 2015 Made with Organic Grapes Chardonnay (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Chardonnay	Mureda
Italy	"With eight years of age on it, this wine is at a beautiful point in its evolution with delicate elegance, refined perfumes and special accents on cinnamon, mineral tones and bright fruit. It's sophisticated and persistent, with silky tannins and sweet spice on the close."	Schidione	93	138	Tuscany	Toscana				Jacopo Biondi-Santi 2000 Schidione Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Jacopo Biondi-Santi
US	"Here's an elegant, full-bodied Cabernet packed with power and grace. It feels lush and classy in the mouth, a dry, softly tannic wine with rich flavors of blackberries, black currants and cedar. Drinks well now and should age well for 6–8 more years."		93	40	California	Atlas Peak	Napa			Arger-Martucci 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Atlas Peak)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Arger-Martucci
Spain	"Plum and cherry aromas are earthy and generic. This wine feels pinched and high in acidity. Flavors of tart plum and berry fruits are racy, while a long, salty, tannic finish is pushed by crisp acidity."		86	12	Northern Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Yllera 2013 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León)	Tempranillo	Yllera
US	"This has a soft entry, its fruit beginning to show secondary flavors of bakery pastries. Mulberry and prune, soft and spicy, make for a pleasing, accessible wine that finishes with a lick of cinnamon. It is already drinking well."		88	32	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Airfield Estates 2010 Pinot Noir (Yakima Valley)	Pinot Noir	Airfield Estates
France	"This wine is soft, simple, fruity and ready to drink. It has apple and apricot tones and light acidity to keep it fresh, with a bright and refreshing aftertaste."		85	16	Burgundy	Mâcon-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Chevallier 2014  Mâcon-Villages	Chardonnay	Louis Chevallier
Argentina	"Strident aromas of licorice, herbs, berries and mint make it interesting, while the palate is light and fresh, with raspberry and red currant flavors. There's not a lot of heft, extract or depth to the wine, but it's likable and unhindered by excess oak and such. Enjoyable due to its unchallenging simplicity."	Finca La Escondida Reserva	85	13	Other	San Juan		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Andean 2005 Finca La Escondida Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (San Juan)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Andean
US	"Aromas of high-toned cocoa, vanilla, coconut, pencil lead and baking spices lead to plentiful black fruit flavors, with a lick of grainy tannins backing them up. The barrel notes get out front at times but it still provides a lot of quality and value."		89	18	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Balancing Act 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Washington)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Balancing Act
US	"Bold, meaty and softly simple, this robustly full-bodied wine is redolent of mocha and brown sugar. Its ripely sweet blackberry fruit is cut with savory black-olive notes."	Heartland	86	32	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wilson 2014 Heartland Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Wilson
France	The lemony freshness that the nose promises is slightly unbalanced on the bright palate but the flavors are clean and invigorating. This easydrinking wine would make a perfect party apéritif.		85	24	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Gustave Lorentz 2014 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Gustave Lorentz
US	"This is a young, wild and dense wine, intense in oak and strong-willed red cherry and strawberry fruit. Full-bodied and still smoothing out its rough edges, the big tannin structure should allow a length of aging through 2020."	Reserve	90	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	En Garde 2012 Reserve Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	En Garde
Chile	"Blackberry and spice aromas are earthy, leathery and stalky. This is youthful and tannic at this point, while oaky flavors of clove and wood spice ride heavily atop blackberry and dark plum fruit. Oak notes and firm tannins indicate that this will be best from late 2015 through 2018."	Alpha	90	22	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montes 2012 Alpha Merlot (Colchagua Valley)	Merlot	Montes
Portugal	"A strict selection of grapes, this wood aged, foot-trodden wine has a rich, generous character. While the tannins are firm and concentrated, the plummy fruit is equally so. Together, they yield a powerful, dark wine that will still age further. Drink from 2018."	Reserva	93	30	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta Dona Matilde 2011 Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta Dona Matilde
Portugal	"This is a clever blend with the natural ripeness of Pinot Noir in Portugal smoothing out the firmer tannins of Touriga Nacional. The result is a rich, soft wine, just lifted by acidity and anchored by a background of cherry fruits and black currant. Drink now."	Terra de Touros	87	9	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Casal Monteiro 2014 Terra de Touros Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Casal Monteiro
US	"Inviting aromas of blackberry preserve on rye toast, cigar box, split pine, dill and black olive show on this single vineyard expression by Billy Wathen. Lifted by a slowly simmering acidity, the palate is earthy and forest-driven, with mushroom, juniper, pine needle, strawberry and dried mint flavors."	Vogelzang Vineyard	93	54	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 7200 2013 Vogelzang Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Foxen 7200
Italy	"Violet, iris, perfumed berry, pine forest and baking spice aromas mingle in this fragrant, precise wine. The linear, focused palate offers cranberry, pomegranate, licorice and white pepper flavors alongside a backbone of vibrant acidity and youthfully austere tannins. Give it time to fully come together. Drink 2023–2043."	Castellero	94	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Brezza 2013 Castellero  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Brezza
US	"Perfumed in smoky oak, this 100% varietal wine is nuanced and well rounded. Expressive in dark, brooding flavors of baked cherry and cedar, it has a persistent, gritty texture that impresses through the spicy, peppery end."		92	80	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Parallel 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Parallel
US	"Candied cherry, cola, brown sugar and toasty oak flavors give this Pinot an immediate deliciousness. Savory acidity and fine tannins add to the sense of balanced importance. While it isn't an ager, it is a dramatic Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir to drink now."		91	65	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Guarachi Family 2011 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Guarachi Family
New Zealand	"Nearly dry, this is a full-bodied, slightly creamy-textured Pinot Gris. It's a bit shy on the nose, offering only modest melon and citrus notes, then closes with hints of nuts and spice. Drink now."		86	19	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Mt. Difficulty 2009 Pinot Gris (Central Otago)	Pinot Gris	Mt. Difficulty
US	"Impressive from the start for its rich blackberry and dark chocolate flavors, thick tannins and sweet overlay of smoky oak. Could be an ager, but some bitterness in the middle suggests the fruit will fall out before the tannins resolve."		87	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Vellum 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vellum
US	"Michael David makes bombastically huge wines, but here they've mastered the style, making a black-as-night Syrah true to it's roots, with flavors of dark red fruit, bacon and toast, with a wall of vanilla and oak. It's juicy, jammy and surprisingly well integrated, a wine that's ready to drink now, preferably with a sizzling tri-tip."	Sixth Sense Syrah	88	16	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Michael David 2010 Sixth Sense Syrah Syrah (Lodi)	Syrah	Michael David
Australia	"This crisp, medium-bodied wine showcases Cabernet's hallmark cassis fruit. Sure, there are hints of cranberry, raspberry and cherry, but black currant defines this wine, running from start to finish. Dusty tannins swirl gently on the palate, combining with tart acidity to offer just the right amount of structure. Drink now–2025."		90	40	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Vasse Felix 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Margaret River)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vasse Felix
US	"Dark hay in color with a concentration of oak on the nose, the palate retains that richness of nutty almond and apple pie, finding a balance that betrays the heavier implications of the initial aromas. On the finish it offers a lightness of being, as well as a touch of perfume."	Limited Production	88	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rally Point Wines 2013 Limited Production Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Rally Point Wines
Italy	"This blend of 80% Cabernet Sauvignon and 20% Sangiovese opens with aromas of crushed blackberry, ripe plum and blue flowers. On the palate, notes of anise and black pepper accent the core of fleshy black cherry while assertive but polished tannins provide the framework. Drink through 2016–2019."	Daniello	89	30	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta di Trecciano 2012 Daniello Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta di Trecciano
Spain	"Normally I'm a fan of Juvé y Camps. This bottling is bland on the nose, with a cleaning-solution aroma. The palate is foamy in feel and short in flavor, with a strange blend of bitter lettuce, brine and green herbs. Frankly, it's not up to par, a possible reflection of the below-average 2008 vintage."	Brut Nature Gran Reserva Reserva de la Familia	83	17	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps 2008 Brut Nature Gran Reserva Reserva de la Familia Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Juvé y Camps
US	"The initial impression of young, juicy red berries carries into an astringent wine with streaks of gravel and chalk. It's pleasant, simple but quick to fade."		86	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	North by Northwest 2008 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	North by Northwest
Italy	"Aromas of truffle, ripe dark-skinned berry, baking spice and grilled herb unfold on this structured red but accessible red. The ripe, chewy palate doles out fleshy wild cherry, raspberry jam, cinnamon and clove. Well-integrated tannins lend an almost weightless quality. Drink 2018–2023."		92	78	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Poggione 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Il Poggione
France	"Lightly tannic and packed with raspberry flavors, this delicious wine has just the right balance between the ripe fruits and bright acidity. The wine is totally ready to drink."	Château du Barail	89	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Les Hauts de Palette 2015 Château du Barail Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Les Hauts de Palette
US	"A bit light in body, but rich in raspberries, cherries, pomegranates, cola and spicy vanilla, with a smoky coating of oak. Excellent Central Coast acidity perks things up. Drink now with a nice steak."	Chorro Creek	88	38	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast			Stephen Ross 2009 Chorro Creek Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Stephen Ross
US	"Tight cranberry and sour-cherry aromas meet with turned earth, iron and woody herbs like dried sticks of sage on the nose of this wine. The palate shows iron, sagebrush-laced cranberry juice and pomegranate fruit, proving lively and energetic on the tangy palate."	Bien Nacido Vineyard Homage Collection	90	48	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2013 Bien Nacido Vineyard Homage Collection Pinot Noir (Santa Ynez Valley)	Pinot Noir	Zaca Mesa
US	"One of the historic winery's more widely available bottlings, this blend of 50% Grenache, 45% Mourvèdre and 5% Cinsault plays the lighter red fruit side of the spectrum. Raspberry, cranberry, crushed rose petals and a touch of cinnamon show on the zesty nose. The palate conveys spiced raspberry, plum and cranberry, proving tight and light."	Z Cuvee	88	22	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2012 Z Cuvee Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Zaca Mesa
US	"Nicely dry and crisp, this fresh, lively wine has a light cookie-dough aroma, refreshing Pippin apple and lemon flavors and a tangy finish. It's a good choice to serve pre-meal or at the table."	Blanc de Blancs	88	20	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Rack & Riddle NV Blanc de Blancs Sparkling (North Coast)	Sparkling Blend	Rack & Riddle
Spain	"Dusty plum and black cherry aromas feature a touch of dry oak. Tight, snappy and properly tannic in the mouth, with full berry, baked plum and background spice flavors. Finishes with control and power; good red wine for the price."		87	9	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Maximo 2009 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Maximo
US	"Sourced from the Seven Hills vineyard, this deep and dark Syrah offers rich black-cherry and cassis flavors. The palate is dense and complex, with beautifully integrated charcoal, gravel, earth and espresso components."	Occam's Razor Block Ten	93	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rasa 2009 Occam's Razor Block Ten Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Rasa
US	"Green apples and pears combine harmoniously in this tart, mostly dry offering. Elements of vegetable oil and mineral add complexity."		85	10	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Fox Run 2002 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Fox Run
Australia	"Made in a ready-to-drink style, this is a slightly creamy-textured Cabernet that hits the right notes: cassis, vanilla, black olive and a hint of menthol. It's a fruit-driven wine that lacks a bit structure, but will please most palates through 2020."	Raconteur	88	17	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Vinaceous 2013 Raconteur Cabernet Sauvignon (Margaret River)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vinaceous
US	"By “Old Vine Cabernet” the winery refers to vines that were planted in 1973. But somehow the fruit doesn't express old-vine character. Instead, it's a mix of sweet-tasting strawberry and bitter stem flavors that lack focus, with a peppery highlight."	Old Vine Cabernet	86	32	Washington	Snipes Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Upland Estates 2009 Old Vine Cabernet Cabernet Sauvignon (Snipes Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Upland Estates
France	"Light and fruity with cherry, plum and red currant flavors along with a subtle hint of menthol on the nose. The mouthfeel is smooth and supple. Mevushal."	Kosher	82	13	Languedoc-Roussillon	Vin de Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Fortant 2005 Kosher Merlot (Vin de Pays d'Oc)	Merlot	Fortant
Australia	"Leads off with dusty, nutty, sugary aromas, like the bottom of the bag of honey-roasted peanuts, but there's also hints of buttered toast, ripe pears and black pepper. Flavors are simpler—caramel and pineapple—and it's heavy on the palate."	Mount Barker	85	21	Western Australia	Western Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Plantagenet 1999 Mount Barker Chardonnay (Western Australia)	Chardonnay	Plantagenet
US	"This is all Cabernet coming from one of the state's top vineyards. The aromas offer notes of fresh tobacco, red fruit, dried herbs and an assortment of barrel spices. It's packed with plentiful dark cherry and cranberry flavors that show intensity, finesse and impressive length."	Seven Hills Vineyard	91	45	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Seven Hills 2012 Seven Hills Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Seven Hills
US	"From a ranch planted originally in 1926 this is a knockout wine, exotically spiced and nuanced in pepper, cinnamon and a distinction of sandalwood. High-toned fruit provides a lift to the lushness that wants to dominate, but never does, allowing the tangy orange and blackberry to speak quietly and clearly."	Montafi Ranch	93	47	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Carlisle 2014 Montafi Ranch Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Carlisle
Italy	"This offers scents that recall baked plum, dark baking spice, leather, espresso and a hint of menthol. The round, medium-bodied palate displays mature Morello cherry, fennel seed and coffee while fine-grained tannins provide support."	Poggio Teo	88	25	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Valiano 2010 Poggio Teo  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Fattoria di Valiano
US	"Flirts with Portiness, but stops just short to provide a rich, exotic Zinfandel experience. The blackberry, currant, wild mountain berry, cola, tangerine zest and pepper flavors have an edge of raisins. Creative cooks will use the above descriptors as a recipe for a salsa to top a perfectly grilled burger or steak."	Estate Bottled	90	32	California	Shenandoah Valley (CA)	Sierra Foothills			Easton 2006 Estate Bottled Zinfandel (Shenandoah Valley (CA))	Zinfandel	Easton
France	"Fruity and bright, this is a lightly textured wine. With lemon and pink-grapefruit flavors dominant and a pale color, it is the crispest possible interpretation of a rosé. Drink this attractive wine now."		87	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Chapelle d'Aliénor 2015 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Chapelle d'Aliénor
France	"The wine is crisp, bright with acidity and red-currant fruits. It has weight while also having an intensely crisp texture. Its aftertaste and rich texture are lifted at the end by a shot of citrus. The wine comes from the estate of a 19th-century family-owned chateau."	Château de Libran	88	17	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Les Vins Bréban 2016 Château de Libran Rosé (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rosé	Les Vins Bréban
US	"The honey and orange aromas, rich texture, full body and late-harvest flavors add up to a bold and fruity wine. With each sip, more complexity and depth comes out, making a lasting impression."		89	13	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Manifesto! 2013 Chardonnay (North Coast)	Chardonnay	Manifesto!
US	"This perfectly embodies the fruit-forward, irresistibly delicious wines of the 2012 vintage in the Willamette Valley. Along with lively aromas of pepper and spice come brambly fruit flavors of just-picked raspberries and black cherries. It rolls into a lush finish with a streak of espresso."	Signature	92	35	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Styring 2012 Signature Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Styring
France	"Very enticing but ever so ethereal notes of tropical fruit are hinted at: yellow and pink grapefruit, passion fruit and even some pineapple. The palate is still in thrall to all the primary citrus notes but holds promise of stone and riper fruit. This is taut, elegant, concentrated, dry and whistle-clean. Like a superlative sports car waiting to be sped around a race track. This spells raciness, subtle power and linearity. What a super-clean finish. Drink 2020–2035."	Clos Saint Landelin Vorbourg Grand Cru	95	50	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	René Muré 2013 Clos Saint Landelin Vorbourg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	René Muré
US	"There is lots to like in this Chablis-like Chardonnay. It's dry, bright in acidity and minerally, with an undercurrent of citrus, Asian pear and tropical fruit flavors. Oak plays a subtle but essential part in the wine's richness."	Charm Acres	90	21	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Pali 2011 Charm Acres Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Pali
Italy	"Costa Russi presents a dark wall of ripe fruit and an exotic spice shading that give momentum and power to the finish. There are also notes of plum, dark chocolate, tobacco, licorice and tar. The quality of the tannins is firm and polished; this should evolve over many years to come."	Costa Russi	95	495	Piedmont	Langhe				Gaja 2009 Costa Russi Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Gaja
US	"Fruity and forward, this is a pretty, approachable wine with bright berry and cherry fruit. There's a strong note of citrus, particularly orange flesh and rind, and it's the sort of no-nonsense, gluggable wine that one rarely finds associated with Pinot Noir. This will be best enjoyed by 2018."		88	35	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rex Hill 2013 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Rex Hill
Italy	"A blend of seven grapes (Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot and Alicante), this elegantly structured wine opens with aromas of toast, coffee, black pepper and dark-skinned fruit. The polished palate offers black cherries, espresso, mocha and oak-driven spice alongside firm but refined tannins."		92	65	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Caiarossa 2010 Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Caiarossa
Italy	"This Barolo shows the forwardness of the vintage—it's delicious now. The fragrance shows ripe plum, balsamic herbs and a whiff of leather. The palate offers lush black cherry and plum flavors layered with coffee and chocolate notes and big but ripe tannins. Imported by Superior Wines and Specialty Cellars."	Roggeri	90	68	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ciabot Berton 2009 Roggeri  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ciabot Berton
France	"This soft wine has attractive red-berry flavors. They are given a lift by the bright acidity. It is a gentle wine, ideal for an apéritif with just the lightest tang at the end."	Arbaude	88	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mas de Cadenet 2016 Arbaude Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Mas de Cadenet
Italy	"Fragrant and fresh, this easy-drinking red has alluring scents of woodland berry, violet and a whiff of freshly tilled soil. The taut, luminous palate offers sour cherry and star anise accompanied by polished tannins and racy acidity."		87	23	Piedmont	Coste della Sesia		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Travaglini 2014 Nebbiolo (Coste della Sesia)	Nebbiolo	Travaglini
Chile	"A heavy dose of petrol is the aromatic greeting, and it comes with hints of rubber, latex and waxy white fruits. Feels tangy and fresh due to blazing acidity, while it tastes both of tropical fruits and diesel. Long and chiseled on the finish."		86	12	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Meli 2010 Riesling (Central Valley)	Riesling	Meli
Italy	"If you love Italy and love elegantly oaked Chardonnay, this is your wine. Deep gold in color, Elena Walch delivers generous notes of apple, nut, spring flowers over lavish honey aromas. Opulent, modern and seductively smooth in the mouth, pair it with butter squash, turkey or roasted pork."	Castel Ringberg Riserva	92	34	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Elena Walch 2004 Castel Ringberg Riserva Chardonnay (Alto Adige)	Chardonnay	Elena Walch
Italy	"Aromas of pressed rose petal, roasted herb and a funky but not unpleasant trace of game lead the way. The gamey note carries through to the ripe, chewy palate, together with juicy Morello cherry, raspberry compote, mint, clove and mineral while a saline note closes the finish. It's still young and tannic, but shows a certain rustic charm. Drink 2019–2025."	Fossati	91	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Enzo Boglietti 2012 Fossati  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Enzo Boglietti
US	"A streak of confectionary nougat and lemony acidity combine for a smooth, well-integrated wine, full bodied in style, that's lip-smacking in apple-cider juiciness on the finish."		92	25	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Conn Creek 2014 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Conn Creek
US	"This 2011 Lola is light and creamy, with hints of buttered apple, from aging in 18% new French oak. It finishes soft, supple and lightly spiced."	Lola Evergreen Vineyard	88	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Efeste 2011 Lola Evergreen Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Efeste
US	"Oak takes the lead on this wine. Aromas of dill, black licorice and woodspice are followed by baking spices and dried dark fruit. It's dry and chalky in feel with dark fruit flavors."		88	65	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Barons 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Barons
US	"This is rich and dense in blackberry and cherry jam, currant, mocha, anise and smoky cedar flavors. The mountain tannins are strong but refined, and the finish is long and spicy. It's a Bordeaux blend based on Cabernet Sauvignon, but be forewarned: It's high in alcohol."	Stagecoach Vineyard Synchrony	93	90	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Krupp Brothers 2009 Stagecoach Vineyard Synchrony Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Krupp Brothers
Chile	"Pure cherry and cassis aromas carry the bouquet to a juicy and tightly wound palate that bears cassis, chocolate and toast flavors. This hits the spot with a long, lightly herbal and solid finish. Drink now through 2015."	Amplus	90	22	Peumo			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2009 Amplus Cabernet Sauvignon (Peumo)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Ema
Argentina	"This starts out with textbook aromas of red and black fruits that are pure and easy to get into. It shows kick on the palate, with oaky flavors of coffee and chocolate that accent ripe berry and mild herb notes. It's toasty and spicy on the finish, with a gritty feel."	Tradicional Oak Cask	89	18	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Carmine Granata 2009 Tradicional Oak Cask Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Bodega Carmine Granata
France	"This is a very taut wine from the poorest soil in the Clos des Mouches Vineyard. This tastes of citrus fruit, with a powerful, spicy, complex finish that promises good aging."	Clos des Mouches Premier Cru	92	112	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2010 Clos des Mouches Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Chardonnay	Chanson Père et Fils
US	"Aromas of cola, herb, barrel spice and cherry lead to plentiful cola flavors. The palate brings some heft but the tannins possess a slight sense of grittiness that distracts."	Keystone Series Lewis Vineyard	88	55	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	William Church 2014 Keystone Series Lewis Vineyard Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	William Church
Italy	"This robust wine opens with aromas of sawdust, oak, berry, mint and licorice. On the palate, it offers raw red cherry, toast and chopped herbs alongside dusty tannins and the heat of evident alcohol."	Morobiolo di Bussia	88	62	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bric Cenciurio 2011 Morobiolo di Bussia  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Bric Cenciurio
US	"This wine demands attention for its deep, dark color, distinct smoke, bacon and maple syrup aromas, rich fruit flavors and a texture saturated with fine tannins. It will appeal to those who love boldness, lots of oak flavor and full body."	Zinderella	88	25	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Imagination Wines 2013 Zinderella Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Imagination Wines
Italy	"This affordable wine begins with aromas of tobacco, dried leather, meat, and cranberry, but it drinks fruitier than it smells. ThereÕs a burst of spicy black cherry on the palate, with soft tannins, and the high acidity was born to cut through heaps of olive oil and butter."		86	12	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Castello di Gabbiano 1999  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Castello di Gabbiano
New Zealand	"New Zealand's oldest winery (founded in 1851) has turned out a lightweight but wonderfully fragrant Syrah. Violets and cracked pepper notes are head-turning, followed by modest cherry fruit and a slightly lacking midpalate. Ready to drink now."		87	18	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Mission Estate 2011 Syrah (Hawke's Bay)	Syrah	Mission Estate
Austria	"Strawberry with a very faint touch of rhubarb makes for a very inviting nose. The palate continues the strawberry theme with a full, fresh and luscious but dry fruit expression. This is juicy, fleshy and moreish, drink soon."	Pink	88	13	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Zantho 2015 Pink Rosé (Burgenland)	Rosé	Zantho
Italy	"Believed to be a clone of Grenache, Cannonau is Sardinia’s workhorse grape, accounting for 20% of the island’s total production. This version is a pleasant everyday wine; the light ruby color belies the inviting cherry-and-earth flavor package and the 13.5% alcohol."	Riserva	86	11	Sicily & Sardinia	Cannonau di Sardegna				Sella & Mosca 1997 Riserva  (Cannonau di Sardegna)	Red Blend	Sella & Mosca
Italy	"Made with 85% Sangiovese and 15% Merlot, this has aromas of violet, black-skinned berry and a whiff of baking spice. The round, chewy palate offers ripe morello cherry, red currant, white pepper and a hint of game. Supple tannins and bright acidity give it an easy-drinking vibe."	Colli dell'Uccellina Riserva	88	26	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Selva 2013 Colli dell'Uccellina Riserva  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	La Selva
France	"This is ripe Chardonnay, maybe missing the more typical minerality but making up for it with the ripe apple and apricot fruits. The wine is now showing some good age while still retaining a fresh character. With its hints of almonds and vanilla, it balances fruit and maturity. Drink now."	Blanc de Blancs Millésime Brut	93	96	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean Laurent 2005 Blanc de Blancs Millésime Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Jean Laurent
US	"Leathery aromas mix with black tobacco leaf, blackberry, blueberry and dark-chocolate chips on this reserve-level bottling by the regional pioneer producer, now owned by William Foley. Woody yet ripe fruits consume the palate, which shows more blueberry as well as elderberry, wild mint and a slightly caramelized finish."	The Chairman Series	91	42	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Firestone 2012 The Chairman Series Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Ynez Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Firestone
US	"The orange, vanilla and cream flavors are tasty, but the texture is scoury and harsh in the mouth, with rough bubbles that cut with acidity."	Blanc de Blancs	83	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Pope Valley Winery 2010 Blanc de Blancs Sparkling (Napa Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Pope Valley Winery
France	"A very subdued nose leads to a softly apple-fruited and dry palate that shows off a yeasty, autolytic texture and bright acidity. There is backbone and structure on this dry Blanc de Noirs, which really has the palest pink of a vin gris."	Blanc de Noirs	88	19	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Willm NV Blanc de Noirs Pinot Noir (Crémant d'Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Willm
France	"Solidly structured, this is a dense wine. Its black fruits add to the density, giving a concentrated, fruity wine. Drink this starting from mid-2018."		86	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de l'Aubrade 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de l'Aubrade
Italy	"Made with 90% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc, this boasts aromas of black currant, mature plum, black pepper and clove. The ripe palate delivers fleshy black cherry, blackberry, licorice and Mediterranean brush accompanied by firm, fine-grained tannins."	Tenuta Belguardo	90	50	Tuscany	Maremma Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mazzei 2012 Tenuta Belguardo  (Maremma Toscana)	Red Blend	Mazzei
Italy	"Scents of chamomile, tropical fruit and citrus zest lead the nose on this vibrant blend of Friulano, Chardonnay and Sauvignon. The structured, savory palate offers layers of yellow peach, candied lemon drop, nut and mineral alongside bright acidity that leaves a tangy finish."	Broy Bianco	90	36	Northeastern Italy	Collio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Collavini 2013 Broy Bianco White (Collio)	White Blend	Collavini
Italy	"Ser Lapo is a celebration of Tuscan Sangiovese with refined berry aromas and cherry undertones followed by blue flower, cola and spice. The color, consistency and fruit flavors are all excellent."	Ser Lapo Riserva	91	60	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Mazzei 2006 Ser Lapo Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Mazzei
US	"Firm, fruity, with tropical flavors and lots of alcohol. The flavors are tight and contained, the fruit tends to strawberry, and the finish is tannic."		86	18	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Windsor 1997 Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Windsor
US	"Look out Rutherford dust, here's Eola-Amity dust. Soft and yes, dusty, this intriguing wine brings a sensation of well-tanned leather under black-cherry fruit. The finish adds a dash of beet root, and leaves with some stiffening tannins. Give it ample aeration and it will improve dramatically."	Zenith Vineyard	92	42	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	St. Innocent 2013 Zenith Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	St. Innocent
US	"The Sullivan designate complements the Dardis, with a different mix of clones. Here it's Pommard and Dijon 777, and the wine is robust and textural. Aging in 28% new French oak brings up highlights of baking spices around fruit that runs from rhubarb to strawberry to cherry pie. It's balanced and light, and should drink well through 2022."	Sullivan	89	46	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Fairsing 2013 Sullivan Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Fairsing
US	"Entirely varietal from one appellation and aged in 100% new French oak tanks for more than two years, this is a substantially robust and tannic wine, puckering somewhat on the palate. Red berry, coconut and a strong herbal component combine for a leathery grip and need for cellaring. Enjoy best from 2022 through 2030."		90	95	California	Stags Leap District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mira 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mira
Argentina	"The bouquet deals black-fruit aromas, earth notes and molasses. In the mouth, this maintains a fruit-forward outlook via jammy weight and ripe flavors of blueberry, blackberry and cassis. Mocha and coffee flavors along with textural density are what drive the finish."	The Soul of Argentina Reserve	89	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Nuna 2011 The Soul of Argentina Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Nuna
US	"Soft, with a severe cut of acidity slicing through modest blackberry-jam flavors."		82	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Anatomy 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Anatomy
New Zealand	"California winemaker Nick Goldschmidt reaches back to his New Zealand roots for this bottling. It's a finely balanced mélange of grapefruit, cut grass and fig notes carried by medium body and a soft, appealing finish."	Wax Eye	88	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Forefathers 2014 Wax Eye Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Forefathers
Australia	"Slightly smoky grilled-toast aromas lead into a plump medium-bodied wine filled with flavors of yellow plum, tangerine and lime. It's not particularly zesty or linear in a true cool-climate fashion, but steers clear of ripe tropical fruit, ending on a gentle note of citrus pith. Drink now."	Cool Climate	87	16	Australia Other	Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	McWilliam's 2014 Cool Climate Chardonnay (Australia)	Chardonnay	McWilliam's
US	"Raspberry and blackberry aromas and ultraripe, opulent, jammy flavors fill the big, soft frame of this full-bodied wine. It has fruit in spades, milk chocolate and raspberry notes that linger on the finish, relatively light tannins and a touch of richness."		89	15	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Paul Dolan 2015 Zinfandel (Mendocino County)	Zinfandel	Paul Dolan
US	"Floral, this medium-bodied white is creamy and touched by richer notions of pear, pineapple and vanilla, reflective of its warmer appellation in a warm year. French oak (40% of it new) aged the wine for under a year. With a touch of honeysuckle and nutmeg, the minerality is subtle."	Stuhlmuller Vineyards Reserve	89	32	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Summers 2013 Stuhlmuller Vineyards Reserve Chardonnay (Alexander Valley)	Chardonnay	Summers
Chile	"Rubber and asphalt aromas dominate the nose of this high-acid coastal Syrah that's about as shearing as they come (only 12% abv). Additional scents of olive and savory plum feed into a tight palate that lives on a hard beam of natural acidity. Flavors of tomato and citrus are tart and end with a raw, juicy finish."	Miramar Vineyard	87	50	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa Marin 2010 Miramar Vineyard Syrah (San Antonio)	Syrah	Casa Marin
US	"A fabulous bottling from one of West Paso's most beautiful vineyards, this blend of 54% Grenache, 22% Mourvèdre, 18% Syrah and 6% Tannat shows aromas of fresh black cherry, dried mint and fudge on the well-integrated nose. Black plum, soy, pencil lead, condensed teriyaki, lilac and violet flavors unfold on the delicious palate."	CDP Estate Bottled Grenache-Mourvèdre-Syrah-Tannat	92	32	California	Adelaida District	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Halter Ranch 2013 CDP Estate Bottled Grenache-Mourvèdre-Syrah-Tannat Red (Adelaida District)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Halter Ranch
US	"Bone dry and replete with skin flavors of pear and grapefruit pith, this is perfect for those who want to keep their alcohol consumption down without turning to a sweeter style of wine. Try it with grilled sausages and sauerkraut."		90	15	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Firesteed 2012 Riesling (Oregon)	Riesling	Firesteed
Italy	"This takes a few minutes to open up in the glass before revealing alluring classic Nebbiolo scents of wild red berry, sweet cake spice and a balsamic note. The palate is spot on; delivering juicy raspberry, wild cherry, black tea, ground pepper, cinnamon, chopped herb and a hint of pipe tobacco. Firm, glossy tannins and bright acidity give it an elegant structure."		93	35	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Neive 2012  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Castello di Neive
US	"Earthy and very tight after aging 20 months in barrel and another two years in bottle prior to release, this wine's fruit is slipping away, leaving behind only a pruney sourness."	Westside Vineyard	81	25	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Amador Cellars 2006 Westside Vineyard Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Amador Cellars
Italy	"Guidoalberto is the “pocketbook-friendly” alternative from the same estate that makes Sassicaia. But for $60, you could ask for more. This is a chewy, succulent wine with good length on the close. The aromas are awkward in places with espresso, chocolate yogurt and a touch of cheese rind."	Guidalberto	87	60	Tuscany	Toscana				Tenuta San Guido 2005 Guidalberto Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta San Guido
US	"A very tasty, ripe Zinfandel, lush and forward with wild berry, tobacco, cocoa, pepper flavors and something animal-rich, almost livery, like foie gras. Finishes thoroughly dry, but too soft in structure. Would benefit from greater architectural firmness."		86	20	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Quivira 2006 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Quivira
US	"With a pale coral color and flavors like strawberry and watermelon, this wine is bright and appealing. It is medium bodied and has a hint of sweetness."	Inspire	86	21	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Peace Water 2015 Inspire Rosé (North Coast)	Rosé	Peace Water
France	"A very fresh, very crisp wine that has initially shocking acidity. Then, as it opens up, more subtle apple and citrus fruits appear, keeping the cool character of the wine while adding more complexity."	Cabriole	86	24	France Other	Vin Mousseux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Gensac NV Cabriole Sparkling (Vin Mousseux)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine de Gensac
France	"Despite this wine's thick veneer of toasty, vanilla-scented oak, it has plenty of underlying fruit, powerful enough to handle the wood. It's full bodied, dense and richly textured, with a long, velvety finish redolent of blackberries and cedar. Approachable now, but should easily age through 2025."	Domaine de Thalabert	92	60	Rhône Valley	Crozes-Hermitage		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Paul Jaboulet Aîné 2009 Domaine de Thalabert  (Crozes-Hermitage)	Syrah	Paul Jaboulet Aîné
Portugal	"The wine is tannic and structured, with a dry character that masks the juicy black currant fruits that are there at the back. It shows its wood aging in spice and toast. The wine is ready to drink, although it will always be tannic."	Vila Alice Reserva	86	14	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade da Capela 2011 Vila Alice Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade da Capela
Spain	"Big, brawny and not entirely welcoming: this Priorat heavyweight is full of licorice and cool black-fruit and cola aromas. The palate is hard as nails, and only time will tell if it softens and finds a sweeter spot. We think it will; in five years it should trade in the current burnt steak notes and fierce tannins for softer touches and more complex flavors."	Mas de Masos	91	70	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Capafons-Ossó 2003 Mas de Masos Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Capafons-Ossó
US	"Dried cherry and strawberry notes are marked by a hint of anise on the nose of this lush, velvety Pinot Noir. While delicate in frame, ripe berry and cherry flavors build in concentration on the palate, accentuated by a spray of pomegranate acidity and lingering bramble notes."		90	27	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Anthony Road 2013 Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Anthony Road
Argentina	"Reedy red-fruit aromas are woody and a touch medicinal. This feels round but edgy, with grabby prodding tannins. Savory herbal berry flavors with salted plum notes finish with overt oak and rubbery tannins."		88	22	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luigi Bosca 2014 Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Luigi Bosca
US	"Brimming with ripe black plum and cherry flavors, this densely concentrated wine is unabashedly fruity and forward. It's well balanced though, showcasing crisp acidity and nuanced hints of rose petal and granite. Fine-grained but penetrating tannins persist on the finish."		88	24	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Martha Clara 2014 Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Martha Clara
France	"La Nerthe is usually quite structured, so while the 2007 is riper and creamier than most vintages, it still retains decent acidity to balance things out. Leather, spice and cherry flavors pick up hints of coffee and chocolate on the finish. Drink it over the next 10–12 years."		91	50	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château La Nerthe 2007 Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château La Nerthe
Italy	"Initially closed, this eventually offers alluring aromas of toasted hazelnut, exotic spice, steeped plum and nutmeg. The chewy palate offers juicy Marasca cherry, baking spice, vanilla and a hint of coffee alongside velvety tannins that lend polished support and a smooth mouthfeel. Drink through 2023."	Pora	93	38	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Musso 2013 Pora  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Musso
US	"Coppola turns to a respected grape source for Pinot, and what do you know? This is his best ever. It's a lovely wine, supple and bright, with cherry, pomegranate and spicy persimmon flavors. The 50% new oak is perfectly integrated into the wine's power."	Dutton Ranch	91	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Francis Coppola 2009 Dutton Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Francis Coppola
New Zealand	"This chunky, beefy Pinot Noir offers plenty of flavor for a realistic price. Hints of smoke, violet and tomato leaf add complexity to the black cherry fruit. The finish is long and lightly dusted with tannins. Drink now."		88	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Clifford Bay Estate 2010 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Clifford Bay Estate
US	"Ottomino consistently has success with this single-vineyard Zinfandel. As always, it's dry, smoothly tannic and complex, with flavors of wild berry, tobacco, chocolate and spice."	Rancho Bello Vineyard	90	29	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Ottimino Vineyards 2008 Rancho Bello Vineyard Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Ottimino Vineyards
Argentina	"This may be the first time this wine has been labeled Reserve; in the past it was just Finca Sophenia Malbec. And truth be told, it's a good but regular Malbec with berries and raisin on the bouquet, and then juicy berry fruit on the palate. Solidly made, with solid structure."	Reserve	86	18	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Sophenia 2007 Reserve Malbec (Tupungato)	Malbec	Finca Sophenia
US	"From one of the few producers to grow and make this variety in the appellation, this was fermented in both neutral oak and stainless steel. It's focused and viscous, with a tropical opening of Tahitian vanilla built around white peach, lemony acidity and a fresh, crisp texture."	Estate Grown Estate Bottled	91	18	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Balletto 2014 Estate Grown Estate Bottled Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	Balletto
US	"The grapes used to make this wine were sourced from the Fort Ross area of the far Sonoma Coast. The wine has thick, supple tannins and fine acidity. It shows earthy flavors of black currant, charred meat and cedar. Give it some airing, and drink it with steaks and chops."	Mohrhardt Ridge	89	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Wellington 1994 Mohrhardt Ridge Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Wellington
US	"This is locked up tight upon opening; plan on giving it a good couple of hours in the decanter. Peppery and firm, the compact berry, cherry and plum fruit shows a touch of leather in the nose. The addition of Cabernet seems to mute the brightness of the Syrah."	Aix	89	34	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Doyenne 2007 Aix Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Doyenne
France	"A bright and juicy wine, this has good potential. Its red-berry fruits are right up front along with some light tannins. Drink this fruity wine from 2018."		86	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lamothe Castera 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lamothe Castera
US	"This is quite dark, heavy and warm for a rosé, with orange zest, raspberry and vanilla flavors. The fruit is prominent, sacrificing some of the wine's potential elegance."	Rosé of	84	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Bruliam 2012 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Bruliam
	"This Pinot Gris from Switzerland has aromas of white flowers, green apple and lemon pith. In the mouth, there are flavors of lemon curd and guava. It has medium body on the palate with a clean finish."	Domaine de la Treille	89	25				Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Les Frères Dutruy 2014 Domaine de la Treille Pinot Gris	Pinot Gris	Les Frères Dutruy
Italy	"A potpourri of violets, sweet baking spices and woodland berries take center stage. The savory palate offers up wild cherry, black raspberry and cinnamon alongside supple tannins and fresh acidity. Drink soon."		89	12	Piedmont	Nebbiolo d'Alba		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Veglio 2012  Nebbiolo d'Alba	Nebbiolo	Veglio
France	"Sure, it starts out a bit toasty and cedary, but that wood will surely integrate with the potent plummy, meaty fruit given a few years' time. It's full bodied and a bit coarsely textured for the moment, but finishes long and will clearly benefit from cellaring. Drink 2018–2025."	Domaine de Saint Pierre	93	130	Rhône Valley	Cornas		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Paul Jaboulet Aîné 2009 Domaine de Saint Pierre  (Cornas)	Syrah	Paul Jaboulet Aîné
US	"Not quite up there with the '05, but certainly better than the '04, this wine shows softly ripe flavors of cherries, raspberries and red currants, with complexities of mocha, vanilla, bacon, pepper and sandalwood. Beautiful now and for the next 3–5 years."	Selleck Vineyard	90	75	California	Mt. Harlan	Central Coast			Calera 2006 Selleck Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mt. Harlan)	Pinot Noir	Calera
US	"Everything in this full-bodied wine comes in big helpings, from the deep garnet color to aromas of rich oak and ripe fruit, to the mouthfilling black-cherry flavors. Yet it doesn't go over the top and achieves a high-level complexity that's delicious."	Savoy Vineyard	90	75	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Walt 2013 Savoy Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Walt
US	"Dense boysenberry and peppery spice aromas are enhanced with chocolate cake and mint elements on this nose of this cool climate bottling by Adam Lee. There is lots of energy and brightness on the palate, with jammy blackberry fruits, licorice spice, black pepper verve and a touch of tar."	Susan's Hill Vineyard	92	34	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Novy 2013 Susan's Hill Vineyard Syrah (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Syrah	Novy
US	"Perhaps the lightest Pinot in the producer's lineup, and the most readily accessible, this is fresh and fruity. Highlighted in strawberry and cherry, it retains a tension of black tea and earth. Silky on the palate, it finishes as lightly as it started."		90	39	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Williams Selyem 2013 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
US	"Good Zins from this appellation are not common, which is too bad, considering how fine this one is. The fully ripened berry and spice fruit is married to intricate, lacy tannins, and the wine is dry. Despite the big flavors, it has an airy, feathery quality, anchored in crisp acidity."		91	36	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Savannah-Chanelle 1999 Zinfandel (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Zinfandel	Savannah-Chanelle
Italy	"A blend of 70% Chardonnay and 30% Pinot Nero, this elegant wine opens with an alluring fragrance of white flowers and stone fruit. Made with no dosage, the linear palate offers juicy yellow apple, citrus, toasted almond and a hint of spice. A refined perlage accentuates the mineral finish."	Naturae	92	45	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Barone Pizzini 2011 Naturae Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Barone Pizzini
US	"This southern Rhône blend is a good everyday one. With its slightly sweet, jammy berry, cherry, cocoa, herb and spice flavors, it's an easy partner with burgers and fries."	Tête-a-Tête	84	17	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills			Terre Rouge 2006 Tête-a-Tête Red (Sierra Foothills)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Terre Rouge
US	"Made from a majority of Cabernet Sauvignon with a sizable addition of Merlot and smaller amounts of Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot, The Discussion is lovely in spicy black pepper and clove, full bodied and softly integrated in terms of tannin and oak. A brightness of red fruit shines through, along with a distinct taste of fig."	The Discussion Estate Grown	91	135	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Duckhorn 2011 The Discussion Estate Grown Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Duckhorn
France	"Picture grandma standing over a pot of stewed prunes, which fill the dusty old house with their sickly aromas. Cooked, earthy and rustic, this wine has little going for it. Just barely acceptable."		80	11	Languedoc-Roussillon	Fitou		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Mont Tauch 1998 Red (Fitou)	Red Blend	Mont Tauch
US	"There's a touch of sweetness around fruit flavors of apple, pear and melon. This has a forward, easy-drinking style, and that hint of honey finishes out with a streak of caramel."	Estate	87	17	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Apolloni 2014 Estate Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Apolloni
US	"It's hard to get around the slap of high alcohol in this wine, beginning with its diesel-oak nose and ever-present persistence of drying tannins. Bitter tea, cedar and leather add to the bombastic nature of this powerhouse."	Bear Crossing	83	130	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Delectus 2012 Bear Crossing Cabernet Sauvignon (Knights Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Delectus
Spain	"Standard aromas of cantaloupe and lees feed into a bright, lively palate with bracing acidity and good overall balance. Nectarine and citrus flavors are basic but hang in there on a lasting finish."		87	13	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Muga 2014 Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Muga
Spain	"Cotton candy and warm, dusty aromas give the wine pleasant, semisweet opening aromas. The palate is round and solidly formed, with creamsicle flavors and a bit of brown sugar or treacle. A good wine with just a touch of sweetness in the middle; must be a touch of residual sugar here."		87	9	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Cáceres 2007 Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Marqués de Cáceres
Italy	"Oak, toast and dark-skinned berry aromas lead the nose. The brawny, one-dimensional palate offers dark berry, espresso, mint, anise, mocha and orange peel alongside bracing tannins. You'll also detect the warmth of alcohol on the finish."	Bricco Luciani	88	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina del Monastero 2012 Bricco Luciani  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Cascina del Monastero
US	"Black fruit and cherry leads on this balanced red. Flavors of black pepper, black currant and plum on the palate are round but not overbearing. A good daily red to pair with pastas, stews and meat dishes."		84	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Billsboro 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Billsboro
US	"Rich and oaky, with brisk acidity framing delicious flavors of pineapple custard, buttered toast and crème brûlée. Elegant and impressive for drinking now."		90	27	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Lincourt 2008 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Lincourt
US	"Aromas of coffee, barrel spice and dark-blue fruit lead to rich, full-bodied blackberry and spice flavors. It's not for the faint of heart but delivers a lot of enjoyment."	The Estates Clifton Hill Vineyard	89	42	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Milbrandt 2013 The Estates Clifton Hill Vineyard Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	Milbrandt
US	"A bright star within Hudson-Chatham's strong lineup of red wine, this Pinot Noir offers loads of fresh pristine black-cherry and berry flavors. Whiffs of bramble, toast and anise lend complexity to a neatly balanced yet silken palate. A fine feathery fringe of tannins leads a long finish. Drink now through 2022."	Columbia County	90	25	New York	Hudson River Region	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hudson-Chatham 2014 Columbia County Pinot Noir (Hudson River Region)	Pinot Noir	Hudson-Chatham
France	"Full and rounded, this is a soft wine, more suited to food than as an aperitif. The apple and red currant fruits are textured and spiced with lemon zest and mandarin orange flavors, finishing with some richness."	Vie Vité	86	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Sainte-Marie 2012 Vie Vité Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Sainte-Marie
US	"Like almost all of Reverie's Cabernets on release, this one needs time in the cellar. Tasted in fall 2011, it's tight and grapey, with blackberry jam flavors girded by a firm, stony minerality and sweet, but hard, tannins. Give it 6–8 years."	Estate	92	75	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			Reverie 2009 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Reverie
US	"Herb, cherry, smoke, cedar, vanilla and coffee aromas are out front, with the Cabernet Sauvignon blended in (18%) showing itself. The palate is rich but well balanced, with coffee flavors lingering on the finish. It doesn't seem entirely varietal but it brings plenty of appeal."	Estate Grown	90	28	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ambassador Vineyard 2012 Estate Grown Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	Ambassador Vineyard
US	"Classic Laetitia, dark, dry, full-bodied and richly extracted. The cherry, persimmon and pomegranate fruit is so forward, it tastes sweet, except that the wine finishes fully dry. Acidity is evident, as are grippy tannins, and the fruit and spice finish lasts a long time. An evident ager. Best after 2013."	Les Galets	93	60	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Laetitia 2007 Les Galets Pinot Noir (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Pinot Noir	Laetitia
US	"Lots to like in this creative blend of Vermentino, Verdelho, Viognier and Sauvignon Blanc. It's well acidified, with citrus, orange blossom, peach, apricot, buttercream and mineral flavors. Just a bit too sweet, though, with a sugary taste throughout."	White4 Huerhuero	86	16	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Vina Robles 2009 White4 Huerhuero White (Paso Robles)	White Blend	Vina Robles
Australia	"Boldly fruity, redolent with cherries and pink grapefruit, this medium-bodied rosé does have a slightly candied quality to it, but remains a decent summertime quaff. Serve well chilled to help mute the apparent sweetness."	Nine Vines Grenache-Shiraz	84	12	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Angove's 2009 Nine Vines Grenache-Shiraz Rosé (South Australia)	Rosé	Angove's
Germany	Fresh apple and pear flavors are swathed in fresh herbs and citrus peels in this bristling medium-sweet wine. It's lusciously honeyed but finishes long with honed steely precision.	Bockstein Ockfen Auslese Erste Lage	90	60	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		St. Urbans-Hof 2014 Bockstein Ockfen Auslese Erste Lage Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Urbans-Hof
US	"Blackberry and cherry pie, chocolate, anise and caramelized oak flavors mark this Cabernet Sauvignon. The tannins are complex, yet silky enough to make the wine drinkable now. This is the type of Cabernet that dazzles for sheer luxury, and will pair well with Cabernet-friendly fare. But it's too soft and direct to age."	Boulder Falls	91	100	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma			Delectus 2010 Boulder Falls Cabernet Sauvignon (Knights Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Delectus
US	"Beautifully concentrated and rich, this wine is so dense with black fruit and dark-chocolate flavors that it's almost chewy. Blended from nine grape varieties, it has a wealth of fine-grained tannins and feels velvety in texture, while the powerful, layered flavors linger on the finish."		91	30	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Head High 2014 Red (North Coast)	Red Blend	Head High
US	"Sharply etched in pineapple and Meyer lemon, this wine retains a brightness of fruit and acidity throughout, never overly impeded by oak. A subtle, earthy herbal streak plays in the background."	Isabel Mondavi	86	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Michael Mondavi Family Estate 2013 Isabel Mondavi Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Michael Mondavi Family Estate
US	"This bold densely structured Chardonnay suggests notes of candied orange peel, preserved apple and pears accented with caramel and sweet spice. Delicate acidity accentuates a warm spicy finish."	Block Two West	87	35	New York	Hudson River Region	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Millbrook 2014 Block Two West Chardonnay (Hudson River Region)	Chardonnay	Millbrook
Australia	"Renowned winemaking consultant Larry Cherubino lent his deft touch to this reasonably priced offering. It's a very ripe style for Pinot Noir, combining ample weight with plush tannins and superripe dark cherry-berry fruit. Drink now."	Cruel Mistress	86	17	Western Australia	Pemberton		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ad Lib 2014 Cruel Mistress Pinot Noir (Pemberton)	Pinot Noir	Ad Lib
US	"This young Tempranillo shows light, pretty strawberry and tart cranberry fruit flavors. It's sharp and herbal, young and tight; a pleasant red that does not show any particularly strong varietal character."		85	30	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Raptor Ridge 2011 Tempranillo (Oregon)	Tempranillo	Raptor Ridge
US	"Made from 75% Cabernet Sauvignon and 25% other Bordeaux varieties, this wine offers simple dark cherry fruit and chewy tannins, the oak firm and supportive, with a finishing touch of tobacco."		88	19	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kirkland Signature 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kirkland Signature
US	"Red plum, dark cranberry, composting rose petals, dried ginger and earthy mushrooms show on the slightly funky, slightly sweet nose of this bottling. The palate begins with a sour plum skin and tart raspberry kick, then leads into a core with hints of pine needle, juniper and turned loam."	Annie Dyer	92	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lincourt 2014 Annie Dyer Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Lincourt
France	This attractive medium sweet wine has fresh acidity to balance the soft texture. It's an easy-to-drink wine that's ready now.	Réserve	84	14	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Willm 2013 Réserve Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Willm
US	"Here's a rich, ripe, opulent Syrah, all jammy blackberry, cherry and currant flavors, sprinkled with black pepper and housed in a structure of firm, strong tannins. It's a blend of some of the best vineyards in the county, including Bien Nacido, Larner and Ampelos. Drink now–2015."		92	27	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Jaffurs 2010 Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Jaffurs
Italy	"Structured yet refined, this opens with lovely, understated aromas of red berry, violet and a whiff of exotic spice. The palate is more expressive, delivering mouthwatering black cherry, vanilla, mocha and black pepper alongside a firmly tannic backbone. It closes on a licorice note. Drink 2016–2021."		92	56	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Bongiovanni 2009  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Cascina Bongiovanni
Chile	"With rubbery, slightly herbal aromas of generic red berry, this comes across standard on the nose. In the mouth, it's fresh but smacks hard with acidity, while simple raspberry and plum flavors end herbal and lightly baked tasting."	Estate Grown	85	10	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cornellana 2011 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Cachapoal Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cornellana
US	"Extraordinarily sweet and attractive in raspberry and cherry fruit, as concentrated and pure as anything in California. The acidity is beautiful, as you'd expect from this vineyard in such a cool vintage, and it showcases Pinot Noir's silkiness and beauty. Despite the immediate flash,  it will develop bottle complexity; hold until 2016."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	94	55	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Gary Farrell 2010 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Gary Farrell
US	"There's a lot to like in this spritely, vibrant wine, well-crafted in lemony papaya and starfruit. With a small percentage of both Sauvignon Gris and Sauvignon Musque, it's made in a fuller-bodied style, with time spent fermenting in French oak, a smattering of it new, as well as stainless steel. A squeeze of lime closes things out."	Estate Bottled	88	33	California	Chalk Hill	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chalk Hill 2013 Estate Bottled Sauvignon Blanc (Chalk Hill)	Sauvignon Blanc	Chalk Hill
US	"This is a beautifully exotic and delicate wine with steely minerality and subdued power. Full of lemony flavor, it complementarily exudes fresh tangerine and grapefruit peel, enwrapping its nuanced fruit with floral highlights."	Estate Grown	94	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rochioli 2016 Estate Grown Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Rochioli
Chile	"Perfumed and floral on the nose, but also spicy and slightly foresty, which is apropos for Syrah. Flavors of black olive, brandied cherry and blackberry are perfectly nice, and the feel is mildly creamy and rich but still pointed. Finishes with toasty notes of pepper, brown sugar and woodspice."	Axel	89	20	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Playa 2005 Axel Syrah (Colchagua Valley)	Syrah	La Playa
US	"Savory, smoky tones lend a shadowy feel to fresh apple and pear flavors in this dry medium-bodied Pinot Gris. It's not deeply concentrated in fruit but refreshing and easy going. Drink now through 2018."	Sawmill Creek Vineyards	86	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Billsboro 2015 Sawmill Creek Vineyards Pinot Gris (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Gris	Billsboro
Austria	"Notes of tart strawberry and wood sorrel rise delicately from the glass and scent the light, softly hued palate beautifully. There is interest here beyond mere fruit and the spicy core mingles beautifully with ripe lemon freshness. Drink soon but slowly to savor the spice."	Langenloiser	90	25	Niederösterreich			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Bründlmayer 2015 Langenloiser Rosé (Niederösterreich)	Rosé	Bründlmayer
US	"Light aromas of lemon peel, yellow pear and lemongrass make this an appealing option for pairing with Asian food of all kinds. The palate shows fresh lemon, lime peel and yellow grapefruit touches, along with a wet clay element."	Wild Ferment	86	17	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Broadside 2015 Wild Ferment Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Broadside
US	"From the Palindrome Vineyard, this meaty red is perfumed and thick, velvety smooth in texture and substantial in approach. Garrigue, leather pouch and wild strawberry play well together as wafts of cigar filter in quietly. Brawny, this wine manages to also be balanced and delicious to drink."		91	36	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Inspiration 2014 Syrah (Dry Creek Valley)	Syrah	Inspiration
US	"There's diamond-like precision on the nose, with white peach, salinity and croissant aromas. The flavors are very even and still unraveling, with tight lemon, apple and salt on the front and pineapple emerging on the finish."	Rincon Vineyard	92	44	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talley 2012 Rincon Vineyard Chardonnay (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
US	"Dark and smoky, earthy and compact, this textbook Cabernet Sauvignon shows muscle and steel at its core. Though tannic and still encased in a bit of a hard shell, it already displays beautifully defined varietal character, and it doesn't shy away from the herbal side of the grape."		91	32	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tamarack Cellars 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tamarack Cellars
US	"The aromas show notes of game, vanilla and grape Jolly Rancher, with the volatiles amped up. The flavors bring a mixture of sweet and tart, tussling through the finish."	Toasted Cow 5th Edition	82	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Oak Knoll NV Toasted Cow 5th Edition Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Oak Knoll
US	"A chewy, high-acid take on Merlot, with a strong herbal note to the tannins. It might almost pass for Carmenère. The fruit flavors are subdued but ripe enough, and the alcohol touches 14.7%. This is the sort of muscular Merlot that can take the place of Cabernet alongside a grilled steak."	Seven Hills Vineyard	88	28	Oregon	Walla Walla Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tempus Cellars 2007 Seven Hills Vineyard Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (OR))	Merlot	Tempus Cellars
US	"Shows good Chardonnay character in the creamy texture and peach, pineapple and pear flavors. It's a little rustic, but this is a good price for what you get."		83	9	California	California	California Other			Butterfield Station 2007 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Butterfield Station
US	"This combines Chardonnay, Malvasia Bianca, Sauvignon Blanc and Chenin Blanc in nearly equal parts. A sweet, floral nose of honeysuckle dominates before apricot jam and vanilla flavors enter the scene. Thick and concentrated, it finishes with a dry, crisp lemon note."	Maple Station Estate Grown	86	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ballentine 2016 Maple Station Estate Grown White (Napa Valley)	White Blend	Ballentine
US	"Part of Snoqualmie's new Eco series of organic wines, this young Cabernet Sauvignon includes 25% Merlot in the blend. The aromas are an unusual mix of flower and grain; tart, earthy rhubarb flavors follow. The wine finishes on a somewhat sour note."		85	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Snoqualmie 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Snoqualmie
Spain	"Heavy, minty and smelling of shoe polish, barrel char and black licorice. The palate is chunky but overall it has pretty good structure. Meanwhile, the flavors of raspberry and plum carry a heavy oak influence. Spice and resin, additional reflections of the oak, dominate the finish."	Selección	84	17	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cueto 2008 Selección  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Cueto
US	"A polished, softly delicious Merlot, at a good price for the quality. It's dry and richly tannic, with complex flavors of black cherries, red currants, red licorice, Indian spices and sandalwood. Ready now, but only 200 cases were produced."		90	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Madrigal 2007 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Madrigal
US	"Soft and fruity, with a balanced mix of tropical fruit flavors—banana and pineapple—and juicy caramel, this appealing Chardonnay is drinking perfectly. There is just enough green apple tang to the finish to keep it fresh and focused through the finish."		88	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	O 2008 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	O
US	"This producer makes a perennial standout of the variety. It is subdued and elegant in its approach to the lengthy layered weight and the integrated fruit. Plum, cedar and black licorice form a core of flavor over soft supple tannin and peppery oak, ending in a burst of spice and leather."		90	55	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ehlers Estate 2014 Merlot (St. Helena)	Merlot	Ehlers Estate
Argentina	"Moderately ripe berry and cassis aromas show an increasing level of wood grain as this breathes. A jammy palate is plump and medium deep, while flavors of earthy berry fruits and stewed plum taste smooth at the start but herbal and mossy on the finish."	Bramare	90	45	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Cobos 2013 Bramare Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Viña Cobos
Chile	"This rusty-colored Merlot opens with roasted, herbal, burnt aromas of plum and currant. Light, fresh and saucy on the palate, this tastes of tomato sauce, pepper and barely ripe plum. Herbal, savory and green on the finish."	Family Vintage	84	18	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tres Palacios 2013 Family Vintage Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Tres Palacios
France	"This fruity fizz majors on the aroma of freshly cut Golden Delicious apples, while the body is very light, slightly tart and pleasantly dry. The mousse is rather frothy but if refreshment is what you are after, this is your ticket."	Prestige	87	20	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Willm NV Prestige Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Willm
France	"A firm and tannic wine that will become fine, structured and rich. Blackberry fruits come from the 70% Merlot in the blend, which is perfumed with Cabernet Franc. It is a ripe wine, juicy with acidity and finishing with a solid, concentrated aftertaste. Drink from 2019."		90	30	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tournefeuille 2014  Lalande de Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tournefeuille
France	"This entry-level wine from Laurou is spicy and fruity. With a layer of tannins as well as attractive acidity, it is a wine to be drunk young. The aftertaste with its hint of licorice continues the spicy character that comes from the Négrette grape in the blend."	Tradition	86	12	Southwest France	Fronton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Laurou 2015 Tradition Red (Fronton)	Red Blend	Château Laurou
US	"Kathie Lee Gifford teams with Monterey County's Scheid Vineyards for this wine, which features 42% Merlot, 25% Petite Sirah, 12% Syrah and 10% Petit Verdot. There's a mix of iron, coffee and crushed, dried violet on the Old World-leaning nose. The herbal elegance continues on the palate, with dried oregano seasoning the dark black and blue fruit elements."		91	20	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Gifft 2011 Red (Monterey)	Red Blend	Gifft
US	"A blend made of up a majority Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine also includes Merlot, Sangiovese and Syrah. Licorice and red plum mingle on the palate, around a layering of cinnamon and black spice. Soft, the overall texture and body is substantial, finding a balance and trace of acidity on the finish."	Phenomenon Estate	88	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Benessere 2010 Phenomenon Estate Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Benessere
US	"This is 100% varietal, coming from the esteemed Seven Hills Vineyard. The wine offers nuanced aromas of cherry meats and an herbal top note. The cranberry and cherry flavors are elegant, soft and sumptuous, showing a compelling styling and an impeccable sense of balance that carries all the way through the finish. Cabernet has seldom seemed so pretty."		92	75	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	18401 Cellars 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	18401 Cellars
Spain	"Years ago Rívola was one of Spain's standout value wines; but over time it has devolved. This version is mulchy and muddled, with heavy roasted fruit and red pepper aromas. The palate is grabby, rubbery and roasted, and raisiny notes work their way onto the flavor profile and finish."	Rívola	83	17	Northern Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Abadia Retuerta 2006 Rívola Red (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla y León)	Red Blend	Abadia Retuerta
Argentina	"Rubbery blackberry aromas are dark, oily and toasty, while the palate is plump, comfortable and familiar. Flavors of dark plum and blackberry are standard, while the finish lightens in scope to show creamy raspberry."	Famiglia Bianchi	86	19	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2007 Famiglia Bianchi Malbec	Malbec	Valentin Bianchi
US	"This bottling, all estate, mixes a number of different vineyard blocks. Roughly one-third was whole-cluster fermented, and it all spent 17 months in 58% new French oak. Earthy with a hint of resin and bark, its fruit runs to cranberry and raspberry, fully ripened with excellent concentration. The finish is a bit high-toned, leaving an impression of tart pie cherries."	Estate	90	50	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cristom 2013 Estate Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Cristom
Spain	"Heavily roasted, leathery, earthy aromas slightly override the fruit tones. This has a grabby, tannic palate and burnt, herbal, earthy black-fruit flavors. Saltiness and blackened notes are to be found on a clampy finish."	Dolmo	84	10	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vicente Gandia 2013 Dolmo  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Vicente Gandia
Germany	"Honey and saffron accent pristine peach and floral aromas on this wine from Robert Weil's historic “tower hill” vineyard. It's extravagantly ripe with yellow stone-fruit and tangerine flavors, yet dancing on the palate with zesty lime acidity and a shimmering mineral streak that lingers on the finish. Complex and penetrating from start to finish."	Kiedrich Turmberg Spätlese	94	92	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Robert Weil 2012 Kiedrich Turmberg Spätlese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Robert Weil
US	"Fruity, simple and lusty, this is made for barbecue. High alcohol gives sweet heat to the jammy cherry and currant flavors. It really wants to accompany charred meats slathered in sweet sauces."	Buck Hill	85	24	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Amelle 2008 Buck Hill Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Amelle
US	This is a good bargain for a varietal that's very difficult to make inexpensively. Whiffs of wood smoke meet ripe concentrated black-cherry flavors in this full-bodied smooth-textured wine. It has moderate fine-grained tannins for grip and a lingering spice and smoke finish.		87	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Belle Ambiance 2015 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Belle Ambiance
US	"This bright, light and acid-driven wine is juicy and fresh—a full embrace of tart lemon and tangerine flavors. Its liveliness is long-lived and welcome."	Woods Vineyard Rosé of	90	29	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ousterhout 2016 Woods Vineyard Rosé of Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ousterhout
US	"This is a fun, novelty wine that delivers minimally on flavor. The bright aqua color is definitely unique, the aroma is like a blue popsicle or cotton candy, and sflavors are semisweet and candylike."	Cuvée Mousseux	81	20	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Blanc de Bleu NV Cuvée Mousseux Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Blanc de Bleu
US	"This pleasant blush offers interesting flavors of raspberries, cherries, vanilla and pepper, and is quite dry and crisp. It's also low in alcohol, with only 13%, which makes it light in body and easy to drink."	Rosé	86	14	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Eagle Castle 2007 Rosé Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Eagle Castle
Italy	"Made from a blend of various aromatic grapes, this smooth dessert wine delivers dry apricot, candied tangerine, hazelnut and Mediterranean herb flavors. It has a lingering, polished finish."	Hekate	89	30	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Feudo Arancio 2010 Hekate White (Terre Siciliane)	White Blend	Feudo Arancio
US	"Hints of maple syrup and brown sugar in the aroma, ripe blackberry and strawberry in the flavor, and full body add up to a big, extroverted wine. It's not overly tannic, so is easy to enjoy in spite of the bold flavors."		85	16	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Toad Hollow 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Toad Hollow
US	"Barrel notes dominate, with aromas of vanilla, pencil lead and coconut shavings out in front of purple fruit that's struggling to get to the surface. The palate is tart and elegantly styled, but the wood takes over the show."		87	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ribbon Cliff 2013 Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Ribbon Cliff
Italy	"Dense and full-bodied, this delivers sensations of asphalt, menthol, grilled herb, mature black cherry and game. Reflecting the heat of the vintage, it's ripe and forward but firmly knit tannins give it a solid backbone that will allow it to age for several more years."	La Volta Riserva	91	105	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Viberti 2007 La Volta Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Viberti
US	"Southern Oregon, unlike the northern Willamette Valley, is warm and conducive to growing Bordeaux varieties, as evidenced by this hearty, tannic blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Cab Franc. Right away you get kirsch and cassis from this heavyweight, and that's followed by a ripe palate that blasts loudly with plum and chocolate. Along the way there are some drying tannins and pulsating acids, so either lay it down for a couple of years or decant and serve with grilled meats."	Del Rio Vineyard	89	30	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cana's Feast 2000 Del Rio Vineyard Red (Rogue Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cana's Feast
US	"This is a high-toned white driven by citrus and pear flavors, with a punch of oaky power and full-bodied richness on the finish."		91	34	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Maxville 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Maxville
Chile	"Dark in color, with grassy aromas of sugar beet and raisin, this doesn't smell much like typical Pinot Noir. A heavy palate that pinches shows flavors of cherry and medicinal black plum, while a sweet finish tastes of prune."		84	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Root:1 2014 Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Root:1
France	"This solid and powerful wine comes from a chateau right in the walls of Saint-Émilion. A dense texture brings out tannins and the wood-aging flavors. Spice, black currant fruitiness and a dark, dense character all promise aging. Drink from 2018."		92	40	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Villemaurine 2012  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Villemaurine
US	"Both elegant and refreshing, this citrus and floral-infused wine follows the Navarro house style for whites, which includes great balance, rounded mouthfeel and honey and floral accents. It's medium bodied, vibrant with acidity and wonderfully complex."	Cuvée 128	91	16	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Navarro 2014 Cuvée 128 Sauvignon Blanc (Anderson Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Navarro
US	"Dry, hard tannins mark this wine. Made from Pope Valley fruit, it's rich in blackberries, currants, herbs and chocolate. Feels somewhat coarse at this point, but could age well. It's a gamble."	Wild Boar Vineyard	89	85	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Flora Springs 2008 Wild Boar Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Flora Springs
Austria	"With just a hint of lemon and earth on the nose, the slightly dilute palate gives clean-cut freshness and easy, citric charm."	Una	89	11	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Golser Wein 2015 Una Riesling (Burgenland)	Riesling	Golser Wein
Portugal	"Expanding the Casal Garcia range into the Douro, this light and fruity wine is an easy drink. It has some toast to balance the soft tannins and black currant fruits."	Casal Garcia Tinto	85	8	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Aveleda 2014 Casal Garcia Tinto Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Aveleda
France	"This is a stalky wine, full of black-currant fruits and with just enough weight to balance tannins and the dry structure. It has the potential to become an attractive, fruity wine, so drink from 2018."		86	19	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Grivière 2013  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Grivière
US	"A relatively light color and a cinnamon-sugar aroma might indicate a simply fruity wine, but this turns more serious and lean in flavor and texture, suggesting tart cherry and cranberry. It brings firm acidity and tannins to the mouthfeel, for a refreshing, dry and restrained character that will be very food-friendly."	Mountain Selection	88	24	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Scott Harvey 2012 Mountain Selection Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Scott Harvey
US	"Cocoa, vanilla and baking spice aromas intertwine with cranberry, black licorice, herb and dark fruit on a wine with a very distinctive aromatic profile. The cranberry and cherry flavors are quite soft for the variety, seeming a touch dried out at times but showing a pleasing sense of balance."		90	38	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Kontos 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kontos
US	"Slightly dusty oak tones of dill, vanilla and sweet spice accentuate the maturity of this barrel-aged Chardonnay. It's a full bodied, densely textured wine with lingering flavors of dried apple and pear. Drink now."	Barrel Aged Adirondack Overlook	86	18	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Adirondack Winery 2015 Barrel Aged Adirondack Overlook Chardonnay (New York)	Chardonnay	Adirondack Winery
Portugal	"Made from a field blend of old vines to which some Tinta Roriz added, this powerful, ripe and fruity wine is both concentrated and superbly generous. It has swathes of black fruits, dark tannins and minerality, all striated with acidity and a firm black plum skin texture. This is a wine to age, drink from 2019."	Referência Grand Reserva	94	110	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta Nova de Nossa Senhora do Carmo 2013 Referência Grand Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta Nova de Nossa Senhora do Carmo
Italy	"Here's a simple, straightforward Cabernet Sauvignon from northern Italy with an attractively low price tag and lively aromas of cherry, chocolate and spice. It shows rich, dense texture as well."	Icóna	87	12	Veneto	Piave				Astoria 2007 Icóna Cabernet Sauvignon (Piave)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Astoria
US	"From a section of the rocky vineyard planted to the Martini clone, a thick-skinned grape, Deer Camp is full bodied, densely concentrated and marked by a streak of spiciness throughout. It's perfumed with roses and forest floor, while it presents a texture that is seductively velvety and smooth."	Deer Camp Vineyard Grace Benoist Ranch Estate Grown	92	75	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Etude 2013 Deer Camp Vineyard Grace Benoist Ranch Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Etude
US	"You'd never confuse this with a California Chard. Well, Anderson Valley, maybe. It's a cool-climate wine. Aromas of fresh, cold green apples, with what seems like an overlay of buttery oak. Brilliantly dry and crisp in the mouth. It's all about acidity here; flavors are secondary. Clean as a whistle, edgy, a nervously racy wine that practically cries out for shellfish."		88	17	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley			Rex Hill 1999 Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Rex Hill
US	"Defines the yummy-delicious modern style of Napa Cabernet, with wave after wave of sweet blackberry jam, dark chocolate and toasty oak flavors. High alcohol gives it a sting of heat. Feels soft and mellow, like a melted candy bar. Drink soon."	Pickett Road Block	89	125	California	Calistoga	Napa			Vermeil 2010 Pickett Road Block Cabernet Sauvignon (Calistoga)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vermeil
France	"This tight, mineral wine is still waiting to show its fruity side. Hints of apples, pears and apricots are taking their time to unfold. With the toast and fruit potential, wait until 2017 to drink this wine."	La Cour des Bois	87	30	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Marcel Couturier 2014 La Cour des Bois  (Saint-Véran)	Chardonnay	Marcel Couturier
US	"Not much going on in this dry, acidic Pinot Noir. The cherry fruit is thin, allowing the alcohol to show through."		82	15	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Fleur 2010 Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Fleur
US	"This wine seems quite evolved for its age, with aromas of leather and dried cranberry. It's light bodied with gritty tannins."	M Series Reserve	85	107	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Mellisoni 2011 M Series Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mellisoni
US	"Sagebrush and faint anise hints decorate the red cherry and ripe raspberry fruit in this appellation blend. The palate is lively if fairly simple, with fresh red berry flavors and a touch of garrigue."		88	48	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2015 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
US	"A blend of 60% Cabernet, 20% Merlot, 18% Syrah and splashes of Malbec, Zinfandel and Tempranillo, this spicy and toasty red wine shows the care that went into the original barrels, which were never intended for this inexpensive tasting room red. The fruit is juicy and bursting with bright sweet berry flavors, and the generous oak adds cinnamon and butterscotch."	Red Table Wine	90	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	The Winemaker's Loft 2005 Red Table Wine Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	The Winemaker's Loft
Portugal	"An initial earthy aroma follows through to the palate that is full and fruity, with a bitter edge. Flavors of licorice and berry combine to give a wine that is now ready to drink."	Incógnito	85	80	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cortes de Cima 2009 Incógnito Syrah (Alentejano)	Syrah	Cortes de Cima
Italy	"This Tuscan rosé made using Sangiovese grapes opens with a pink-purplish color and bright aromas of rose, cranberry and wild forest berry. There's a pretty touch of bitter almond on the close."		86	13	Tuscany	Toscana				Salcheto 2009 Rosé (Toscana)	Rosé	Salcheto
France	"Situated high on a rock overlooking the river Lot, Château de Mercuès, now a luxury hotel, dates from the 13th century. The wine is as ripe and luxurious as the hotel. It is a dense, solid and structured Malbec, with its powerful tannins balanced by big, bold black fruits. It's a classic wine for serious aging, so wait until 2018."	Château de Mercuès Grand Vin Seigneur	92	25	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2011 Château de Mercuès Grand Vin Seigneur Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Georges Vigouroux
US	"An unripe streak of mushrooms and green veggies runs right through the middle of this dry Pinot. That mars enjoyment of it, despite some black cherry and cola flavors. Drink up."	Il Migliore	85	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Portalupi 2012 Il Migliore Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Portalupi
US	"From a tiny patch in the tiny Guenoc Valley, where the Langtry winery lies, this Sauvignon Blanc is partially barrel fermented, and it shows in the texture. In taste, expect Mandarin orange and melon, along with acidity that's high and mighty."	Lillie Vineyard	87	25	California	Guenoc Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Langtry 2012 Lillie Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Guenoc Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Langtry
France	"Rather closed on the nose, this shows plump, sweet pear fruit countered by sprightly, spiky, lemony acidity. This is lively and fruity and easy to drink; enjoy while flavors are at their peak."	Collection	88	25	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Kuentz-Bas 2013 Collection Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Kuentz-Bas
US	"Aromas of raspberry, plum, freshly ground black pepper, herb and wood spice lead to pure tart cranberry and cherry flavors that bring a compelling feel. The tannins bring a light squeeze. It's a lovely example of the variety."	Estate Grown	91	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Spring Valley Vineyard 2014 Estate Grown Malbec (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Malbec	Spring Valley Vineyard
US	"From three vineyard sites, this wine benefits from the skill of its blender, who composed lemon and lime fruit crispness with more sultry full-bodied creaminess to the texture. Apple skin and herb complete the picture, finished off by a lovely accent of subtle spice."		90	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Freemark Abbey 2013 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Freemark Abbey
US	"This is a rich, flamboyant Pinot for drinking now. The raspberry and cherry flavors express California heat and sunshine, but you'll find brisk coastal acidity for balance, as well as a luxurious layer of oak."		89	35	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Crossbarn by Paul Hobbs 2012 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Crossbarn by Paul Hobbs
France	"Owned by the Thomas family, this wine has an unusual blend of 50% Merlot and 35% Petit Verdot (with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon). It shows how Petit Verdot can now ripen easily in warm years. The dark color and dense tannins are a counterpoint to the juicy blackberry fruit. They will allow this wine to age well. Drink from 2021."		91	29	Bordeaux	Listrac-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Reverdi 2014  Listrac-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Reverdi
France	"Berry aromas come in front of a tart pie cherry and rhubarb palate. The feel is tight and acidic, so it lacks for mouthfeel and cries out for food. As a bistro or supermarket buy it offers the most potential."		82	10	Languedoc-Roussillon	Vin de Pays d'Oc		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Heron 2000 Merlot (Vin de Pays d'Oc)	Merlot	Heron
Spain	"The wine has a murky burgundy color and earthy, roasted aromas that include Band-Aid and latex. This feels bold, tangy, tannic and hard. Flavors of plum, tomato and stalky herbs finish with a stewed note and heat."	Tinto 6 Meses en Barrica	84	17	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alidis 2013 Tinto 6 Meses en Barrica  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Alidis
US	"The tawny rim of this ruby-red Cabernet Sauvignon hints towards signs of early evolution. It's maturity is more evident on the palate with somewhat demure flavors of dark cherry, cedar and herb accented by touches of autumn leaf, soil and mushroom. Drink up now."		84	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Standing Stone 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Standing Stone
Italy	"Rose, iris, wild berry and baking spice aromas merge with scents of new leather and a balsamic menthol note on this stunning and classically crafted Barolo. The structured, polished palate delivers juicy Marasca cherry, crushed raspberry, pipe tobacco and licorice framed in tightly knit noble tannins and bright acidity. It's going to just keep getting better and better over the next few decades. Drink from 2023 through 2053."	Bussia	97	55	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Giacomo Fenocchio 2013 Bussia  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Giacomo Fenocchio
France	"While this wine demonstrates the telltale cool element of the appellation, it also offers ripe fruit, pear and peach flavors lightly layered with wood. The wine is crisp at the end, with a mineral aftertaste. Drink from 2016."	Caradeux Premier Cru	91	45	Burgundy	Pernand-Vergelesses		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2011 Caradeux Premier Cru  (Pernand-Vergelesses)	Chardonnay	Louis Latour
US	"The pithy yet subtle focus on this wine's nose ranges from lime peel to squeezed lemon reduction to sour apple flesh. There's a hint of ripe nectarine to the palate and lots of Key lime juice, opening towards apple custard and a citrus peel bitterness, proving to be a steadily evolving and complex wine."	Fe Ciega Vineyard	92	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Longoria 2013 Fe Ciega Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Longoria
Spain	"A fine Cava with easygoing white fruit aromas and a cushioned, full and round palate. Tastes rich and honeyed, with toasty, nutty, dry apple and pear flavors. Elegant and complex, with texture and style."	Gran Reserva Brut	91	50	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps 2007 Gran Reserva Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Juvé y Camps
Portugal	"This electric pink colored wine is both too rich and too heavy. It only survives because of a fresh streak of acidity that comes through at the end. Otherwise, it is too much."		81	12	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casal da Coelheira 2014 Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Casal da Coelheira
France	"This is an elegant and light wine. It is full of clean raspberries and red currants, lightly textured and with a bright finish that has refreshing acidity."	La Villa Barton	87	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Barton & Guestier 2015 La Villa Barton Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Barton & Guestier
France	"Rounded, balanced and harmonious flavors get top marks on this softly pink sparkler. Strawberries and cream, with shortbread and lemon, all unite in perfect unison. The dryness of the palate gives the flavors center stage and provides a fitting, structured autolytic background. This sparkler is classy and delicious, with an ultraclean and lasting finish."	Rosé	90	25	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Joseph Cattin NV Rosé Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Joseph Cattin
Germany	"While subdued on the nose with aromas of pressed apple and lemon, this semi-sweet wine is surprisingly fresh and floral on the palate with ripe, juicy flavors of yellow plums and cherries. Searing lime acidity adds brightness and drives a moderately long finish."	Ockfener Bockstein Erste Lage Spätlese	89	34	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		St. Urbans-Hof 2012 Ockfener Bockstein Erste Lage Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Urbans-Hof
US	"This Chard is ripe with tropical fruit, lime, buttered toast and caramel flavors, but saved from flaccid simplicity by firm acidity and a stony minerality. The source of the grapes is the Dutton Ranch, one of the most superbly managed vineyards in Sonoma County."	Dutton Ranch	88	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Frazier 2011 Dutton Ranch Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Frazier
US	"Co-fermented with 5% Viognier, this Syrah is direct and appealing with notes of boysenberry jam, smoked meat and orange peel. The palate is soft and sumptuous in feel with tart fruit flavors."		88	29	Idaho			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cinder 2010 Syrah	Syrah	Cinder
US	"A perfect Pinot for a house wine, it does what it's supposed to do without a lot of frills. It shows ripe enough cherry and raspberry aromas, an appetizingly dry balance, firm acidity and moderate tannins to keep it lip-smacking and fresh."		88	20	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Navarro 2012 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Navarro
US	"A rich, candied Pinot Noir, filled with raspberry, cherry and mocha flavors. It's a bit simple, but deliciously so, with a crisply silky texture."		87	30	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Siduri 2008 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
Germany	"Pronounced dust, pollen and earth tones lend savoriness to this otherwise citrusy wine. Racy acidity and fresh tangerine and lemon flavors turn herbal on the finish. Drink now."	Undone Dry	86	10	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		P.J. Valckenberg 2015 Undone Dry Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	P.J. Valckenberg
US	"An awkward wine, with some sharp, green tea notes that stick in the mouth. Otherwise, you'll find firm tannins and jammy blackberry fruit."	Babicora	85	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Hearst Ranch 2010 Babicora Malbec (Paso Robles)	Malbec	Hearst Ranch
Austria	"A beautifully perfumed wine, with aromas of white flowers and white fruits. It's rich and full of complex ripe fruits, with a smooth texture. Intense acidity marks the finish. Screwcap."	Innere Bergen	91	27	Niederösterreich			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Zull 2011 Innere Bergen Riesling (Niederösterreich)	Riesling	Zull
US	"Not your usual SB, this full-bodied version combines herbal, savory aromas and mineral flavors with a fairly rich texture and lingering finish. It's complex and satisfying, and will pair well with rich seafood."	Bogle Vineyards	87	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bogle 2013 Bogle Vineyards Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bogle
France	"At the moment, this is a tight, young wine with fruit that is masked. There is some potential that will give a wine with apple flavors. Wait to drink this until 2017."		85	25	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Duboeuf 2014  Saint-Véran	Chardonnay	Georges Duboeuf
Italy	"Aromas of scorched earth, leather, vanilla, spiced plum and grilled herb take shape in the glass. The warm palate offers dried black cherry and licorice alongside extremely astringent tannins. This is aging preciously and the fruit is already dried up, which makes the warmth of alcohol noticeable on the close."	Le Valentane Riserva	86	30	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Patrizia 2009 Le Valentane Riserva  (Morellino di Scansano)	Sangiovese	Villa Patrizia
US	"Caramel and white-chocolate aromas lead to very ripe, buttery flavors, a sense of sweetness and an almost thick texture in this full-bodied wine. Practically as rich and creamy as a milkshake, it will delight some drinkers for its unctuousness."	Estate	86	26	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Poseidon 2013 Estate Chardonnay (Los Carneros)	Chardonnay	Poseidon
US	"A nice Chardonnay to drink now, with rich tropical fruit, apple and pear flavors, enhanced with vanilla and smoky oak. One of the more successful Silverado Chardonnays of recent years."	Estate Grown	87	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Silverado 2009 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Silverado
France	"A very fresh, very crisp wine that has initially shocking acidity. Then, as it opens up, more subtle apple and citrus fruits appear, keeping the cool character of the wine while adding more complexity."	Cabriole	86	24	France Other	Vin Mousseux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Gensac NV Cabriole Sparkling (Vin Mousseux)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine de Gensac
Argentina	"Stalky aromas of hay and straw lack fruit character. This feels creamy but also acidic, while flavors of vanilla, Bartlett pear and melon end with a sweet note of caramel."		86	17	Other	Alto Valle del Río Negro		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Verum 2014 Chardonnay (Alto Valle del Río Negro)	Chardonnay	Verum
Spain	"Slightly herbal aromas veer off in the direction of grassy and rooty. This feels jagged and a bit choppy, with gritty roasted berry flavors. On the finish, that same gritty character persists and is joined by a tarry note."	Reserva	88	20	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Bujanda 2011 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Viña Bujanda
Italy	"Filippone is a 50-50 blend of Sangiovese and Merlot that is layered tight with aromas of wild berries, blue flower, plush cherry, moist earth and a touch of playful spice. The structure is firm without being hard and the wine would pair with pasta or meat."	Filippone	92	40	Tuscany	Toscana				Canneto 2006 Filippone Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Canneto
US	"Lots of rich delights in this fruity blend of Syrah, Mourvèdre, Zinfandel and Grenache. It's a bit rustic, with zingy acidity, but beautifully layered, with flavors of wild berries, cherries, tobacco, crisp smoky bacon and sweet oak."	Red X	87	15	California	North Coast	North Coast			X 2009 Red X Red (North Coast)	Red Blend	X
US	"This wine is all varietal, coming from one of the state's top sites. Despite the warm vintage and site, it opens with aromas of herbs along with barrel spice and tightly wound dark fruit. The black fruit flavors are fresh and lively, showing elegance and persistence with a tight core of fine grained tannins."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	92	65	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Fidelitas 2013 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fidelitas
Spain	"Attractive aromas of cigar box, forest floor, plum and berry get this Tempranillo off to a good start. It feels crisp and juicy, with proper acidity cutting into flavors of buttery oak, raspberry and plum. On the finish it remains buttery tasting and turns grabby but also tangy."	Tarantas Crianza Made with Organic Grapes	87	10	Levante	Utiel-Requena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Iranzo 2007 Tarantas Crianza Made with Organic Grapes Tempranillo (Utiel-Requena)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Iranzo
France	"A solid claret, with cherry and plum fruit accented by dried herbs and a touch of vanilla. This is a basic Saint-Emilion that stays true to its appellation and doesn't try to be more than it is: a user-friendly wine that goes down easy."		86	20	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Baron Philippe de Rothschild 1998  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Baron Philippe de Rothschild
US	"This Chardonnay is flamboyantly ripe with orange, peach and vanilla flavors. It's made in an oaky style that's appealing to a wide audience, and brightened with crisp acidity."	Grace Benoist Ranch Estate	89	32	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Etude 2011 Grace Benoist Ranch Estate Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Etude
Italy	"Exotic spice, espresso, dried herb and berry aromas lead the way while the dense palate shows raspberry jam, vanilla and roasted coffee bean. It's tightly compressed, with close-grained, clenching tannins that leave an astringent finish."	Cannubi Boschis	89	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Virna Borgogno 2013 Cannubi Boschis  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Virna Borgogno
US	"You'll find lots to like in this dry, stylish Cabernet. It's full-bodied and tannic, but you can drink it now for the wealth of blackberry, black currant, cola, mineral and oak flavors."	Lot 400	87	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Cameron Hughes 2010 Lot 400 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cameron Hughes
France	"Full of warm fruit and light spice, this generous wine is rich with yellow fruits balanced by bright acidity and vanilla. The rounded texture and ripe fruit mean the wine is very ready to drink."	En Chantone	88	35	Burgundy	Pouilly-Loché		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos des Rocs 2015 En Chantone  (Pouilly-Loché)	Chardonnay	Clos des Rocs
US	"Warm aromas of yellow peach, baked-apple croissant, vanilla and marzipan show on the nose of this bottling from the longtime family-run winery near the town of Santa Ynez. It's soft and lush on the palate, with baked nectarine and poached pear. It's familiar for those who enjoy the ripe California style, but chiseled enough to appeal to others as well."	Limited Selection	91	38	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Gainey 2014 Limited Selection Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Gainey
US	"Chocolate and plum mingle enticingly in this medium-bodied offering from the warm (relative to Willamette) Umpqua Valley. Subtle herb notes and a peppery, crisp finish keep this wine interesting from start to finish."	Reserve	88	35	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Girardet 1998 Reserve Pinot Noir (Umpqua Valley)	Pinot Noir	Girardet
US	"Ripe sweet tropical pineapple and guava mark this wine as does a sway of wild grass, the wine otherwise perfectly crisp and clean."		85	16	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chasing Venus 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Chasing Venus
US	"Coffee spice and cran-raspberry juice aromas greet the nose. This is rich on the palate at first, but a decent bitterness and acidity grace the edges, proving both full and bright, though a tad hot."		88	35	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Roblar 2013 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Roblar
Argentina	"Warm, sweet aromas of pear, apple and buttered toast crawl all over the nose. Like most Argentinean Chardonnays, this shows creamy white-fruit flavors and noted sweetness. It's fairly rich but not complex or layered. Drink soon for maximum freshness."		85	14	Mendoza Province	Maipú		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pascual Toso 2008 Chardonnay (Maipú)	Chardonnay	Pascual Toso
France	"Dark and concentrated but simultaneously fresh and juicy, this blend of 65% Syrah and 35% Grenache offers heady notes of black cherry, plum and raspberry accented by hints of game and tree bark. The meaty, medium-weight palate offers a firm structure and a solid finish."	Vieilles Vignes	89	26	Languedoc-Roussillon	Coteaux du Languedoc Pic Saint Loup		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Château de Lancyre 2009 Vieilles Vignes Red (Coteaux du Languedoc Pic Saint Loup)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château de Lancyre
US	"This wine is a blend of fruit from Seven Hills, Loess, Mill Creek Upland, Leonetti Old Block and Serra Pedace. Aromas of mineral, black cherry, incense, barrel spice and scorched earth lead to a full-bodied textured palate full of black-fruit flavors and tightly wound tannins. It drinks quite young now, needing some time to come into its own. Best from 2024–2029."		93	95	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Leonetti Cellar 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Leonetti Cellar
US	"This combines Merlot from Minnick Hills and Birch Creek vineyards in the Walla Walla Valley and Candy Mountain in the larger Columbia Valley with smaller amounts of Malbec from StoneTree and Petit Verdot from Dionysus. It's generous in aroma, with with plentiful coffee, raspberry, bittersweet chocolate, flower and graphite notes. The palate displays a lot of elegance, with tart acidity providing support. It's a very pretty expression of the variety that should show especially well at the dinner table."		91	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Forgeron 2013 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Forgeron
Portugal	This is a full and spicy wine that is rich with black plum and berry flavors. The wood comes through strongly with its cedar and pepper character. The contrast with fresher acidity gives this wine its balance. Drink now.	Mariana	88	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade do Rocim 2013 Mariana Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade do Rocim
Italy	"This is a lovely vineyard designate Barbaresco that combines fresh flavors of cassis and wild berries with ethereal notes of root beer, licorice and tar. It finishes with smooth, sturdy tannins and will only improve over the next 5–10 years."	Vigneto Brich Ronchi	93	60	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Albino Rocca 2008 Vigneto Brich Ronchi  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Albino Rocca
Portugal	"A structured wine, this reflects the granite soil of the Dão. Fruit from seven vineyards is blended to make this firm, tannin- and black-currant-driven selection. Perfumes from the Touriga Nacional lend lift to the finish."	Colheita	87	11	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa da Passarella 2009 Colheita Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Casa da Passarella
Spain	"Ripe berry fruit and gritty oak aromas lead to a full-bodied blocky palate with grating tannins. This is a heavily oaked blend of Syrah, Tempranillo and Merlot. Flavors of blackberry, vanilla and wood spice finish with barrel char and depth. Drink through 2023."	No. 12 Selección Especial	90	20	Levante	Valencia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Venta del Puerto 2013 No. 12 Selección Especial Red (Valencia)	Red Blend	Venta del Puerto
US	"Very fine and complex, this is a great sparkling wine, but one that needs lots of time in the bottle. A classic brut blended with Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, it's rich with flavors of strawberries, limes, vanilla and honey, with lots of smoky toast and yeastiness. Above all, the mousse is exceptionally refined and pure."	Reserve	95	110	California	North Coast	North Coast			Schramsberg 2005 Reserve Sparkling (North Coast)	Sparkling Blend	Schramsberg
France	"Under any new classification, this should certainly be a classed growth. Today it is among the leaders of the crus bourgeois. The 2000 is opulent, generous, stylish. The tannins are ripe and sweet, the fruit is finely balanced. It will develop well over the next 10-15 years."		91	35	Bordeaux	Moulis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Chasse-Spleen 2000  Moulis	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Chasse-Spleen
US	"Pale salmon color and slightly bricked, this wine displays aromas of geranium, dried herbs and strawberry. It drinks off dry, with lightly spritzy herb flavors."		80	16	Idaho			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	3 Horse Ranch Vineyards 2014 Rosé	Rosé	3 Horse Ranch Vineyards
Italy	"This beautiful Riserva Barolo from the Josetta Saffirio winery opens with ripe aromas of blackberry and cassis syrup followed by nicely evolved tones of espresso, root beer, licorice and spice. The wine offers depth and personality with a very smooth, silky quality in the mouth."	Persiera Riserva	93	140	Piedmont	Barolo				Josetta Saffirio 2004 Persiera Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Josetta Saffirio
US	"This is just delicious, showing all the fine attributes you'd want from a California Cabernet, except ageability. But who cares, when it's this rich in blackberry and cherry jam, cassis and chocolate, and so balanced? Winemaker John Falcone has brought his years of thoughtful winemaking to this Cab, and of course the favorable 2009 vintage helped."	Mia's Vineyard	91	50	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Falcone 2009 Mia's Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Falcone
France	"A finely rounded wine, with lovely ripe peach and pineapple fruits, lifted by a dash of lemon juice. Finely balanced, ripe in character, although always textured and tangy. There is a mouthwatering finish."	Fourchaume Premier Cru	91	33	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	La Chablisienne 2008 Fourchaume Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	La Chablisienne
Chile	"Pithy aromas of melon and apple are low in oak and emphasize minerality. This feels full and chunky, but also acidic. Briny flavors of stone fruits lean toward sour, while an oily, briny tasting finish is short on elegance."	Single Vineyard Block no.5 Quebrada Alta	86	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cono Sur 2014 Single Vineyard Block no.5 Quebrada Alta Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Cono Sur
US	"Superripe in raspberries and cherries, with a strong coating of sweet, smoky oak, this Pinot Noir is a little lacking in subtlety. But it has excellent acidity, minerality and even some firm tannins, and that structure gives it elegance. A bit brusque now, but will be fascinating to watch it develop over the next six years."	Le Bon Climat Vineyard	91	40	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Storm 2008 Le Bon Climat Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Storm
US	"Enormously rich, a powerhouse Syrah packed with ripe red and black currant, cassis, blueberry, chocolate, coffee, cedar and spice flavors. The structure earns the wine extra points, with ultra-refined tannins and crisp acidity. Decadent, and at its best now, in its flashy youth."	Marco DiGiulio	93	100	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Lookout Ridge 2005 Marco DiGiulio Syrah (Sonoma Valley)	Syrah	Lookout Ridge
US	"The best things about this Merlot are its extreme dryness, tannin integrity and relative austerity. It's a pleasure to drink a Merlot that's not a fruit bomb. That doesn't mean you won't find complex flavors of blackberries and currants. You will. It means that this extraordinary Merlot is pushing the envelope on what California, and Napa Valley in particular, is able to achieve in making Merlot along classically structured lines."	Estate	94	50	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			White Cottage Ranch 2007 Estate Merlot (Howell Mountain)	Merlot	White Cottage Ranch
Chile	"Brushy, herbal aromas include saucy notes of cherry tomato and iodine. This mystery blend from a 60-year-old vineyard in Curicó is medium in body, with salty, savory plum flavors. Briny notes and saltiness outmaneuver the wine's fruit content on the finish."	Specialties Cool Mountain Field Blend	87	18	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2013 Specialties Cool Mountain Field Blend Red (Curicó Valley)	Red Blend	Santa Carolina
US	"High-toned aromatics complement aggressive, unintegrated flavors of raw wood. It's lumber, not toast, that you taste, along with bitter tannins and little evidence of ripe fruit."	Premier Cuvée	84	85	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Wetzel Estate 2012 Premier Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Wetzel Estate
US	"On its own, this is dry and earthy, with a taste of Middle Eastern hummus, apricots and oranges. It's certainly offbeat, but it can certainly be paired with food. How about hummus with teriyaki salmon?"	Betsy's Backacher	87	17	California	California	California Other			Spann Vineyards 2010 Betsy's Backacher White (California)	White Blend	Spann Vineyards
Italy	"One of the weakest wines in our group of 2003 Barolos from a producer whose wines are usually a lot better. It began with aromas of strawberry and dried cranberry. Quite thin on the palate, it showed some low level fruit, a good  deal of acid, and a long but slightly sour finish."		83	47	Piedmont	Barolo				Tenimenti Ca' Bianca 2003  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Tenimenti Ca' Bianca
Spain	"Dark, toasty aromas suggest creosote and chimney smoke; throw in black olive, blackberry, dark plum and mocha scents and this is one hefty package. Fully tannic, with toasty chocolaty flavors of black fruits and oak-based spice, this finishes full and fierce, but not mean. Drink from 2019–2035."	Malleolus de Valderramiro	95	150	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Emilio Moro 2011 Malleolus de Valderramiro  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Emilio Moro
US	"Another terrific Scion from Robert Young. Blended this year from Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot, it's rich in blackberry and cherry fruit, with caramel from oak barrels. Feels soft and gentle in the mouth, in the way of Alexander Valley Cabernet. An authentic wine of place, it deserves a place on the best tables."	Scion	94	62	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Robert Young 2008 Scion Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Robert Young
US	"Brick red in color, this toasty, oaky Zin is grippy and satisfying. Thick on the palate with sweet, ripe tannins and a dusty texture, it's nicely balanced with a long finish that's inviting with meaty foods."	Dragone Vineyard	89	24	California	Calaveras County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Hovey 2011 Dragone Vineyard Zinfandel (Calaveras County)	Zinfandel	Hovey
Chile	"The snap pea, tarragon, scallion and passion fruit aromas make this wine easy to identify as Sauvignon Blanc. It feels linear and razor sharp, with sizzling grapefruit and apple flavors. Tangy and very fresh, it turns to lime and green onion on the finish."	Santa Digna Reserve	86	12	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Miguel Torres 2012 Santa Digna Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Miguel Torres
Argentina	"This wine needs air in order to get at its dark-fruit aromas. In the mouth, this blend of Malbec, Petit Verdot and Cab Franc is ripe but smacks down hard with tannins. Flavors of blackberry, cassis and herbs end with complex notes of graphite and chalk. This gets better the more time you spend with it. Drink through 2024."	Legado IV Siglos	92	39	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Don Manuel Villafañe 2009 Legado IV Siglos Red (Mendoza)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Don Manuel Villafañe
Spain	"Smells nice as aromas of lemon curd, honeysuckle and lychee fruit make for a very Viognier-like bouquet. But it is indeed Chardonnay, and the palate of lemon, apple and orange is driving and touched up by forward but controlled oak. Lengthy on the back end, with a kiss of butterscotch. Not refined or Burgundian, but good for Navarra."		87	14	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vega Sindoa 2007 Chardonnay (Navarra)	Chardonnay	Vega Sindoa
France	"This bold, ripe wine is full of smoky tannins from the wood aging, plus blackberry jam flavors that are nicely cut by the acidity. The dry core and dark chocolate flavors are balanced by the fresher, richer fruit. Drink now."	1844 Réserve	88	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cheval Quancard 2012 1844 Réserve  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cheval Quancard
France	"Fully fruity right up front, this rounded wine has a crisp element that cuts through the richness. Peach and pear flavors contrast with orange zest and lively final acidity."	Vieilles Vignes	90	25	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Collovray et Terrier 2012 Vieilles Vignes  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Collovray et Terrier
Italy	"This bright ten-year-old has enticing aromas of red berry, pressed rose, dark cooking spice, leather and a balsamic note. Balancing ripe fruit and finesse, the juicy palate delivers succulent cherry, cranberry, star anise and white pepper set against a backbone of refined tannins and fresh acidity. A savory mineral note closes the lingering finish. It's smooth and enjoyable now but will offer years of fine drinking pleasure. Enjoy through 2027."		94	33	Piedmont	Ghemme		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mirù 2007  Ghemme	Red Blend	Mirù
France	"A new brand produced by the Sparr family, Baumann's fruit comes from Riquewihr. This easy Pinot Gris is soft and medium sweet, with attractive hints of spice and minerality. It's a ripe wine, finished with acidity. Drink now."	ClassiQ	86	15	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Baumann 2013 ClassiQ Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Baumann
Argentina	"Berry and lemon-peel aromas come with a note of plastic. This feels narrow and acidic, and thus scraping. Tart plum and spice flavors lead to an herbal high-acid palate that leaves a sour lasting impression."	Ampakama	82	11	Other	San Juan		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa Montes 2014 Ampakama Cabernet Sauvignon (San Juan)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Casa Montes
US	"This Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blend includes smaller percentages of Malbec, Merlot and Petit Verdot. Together they are a velvety thick and rich exploration of berry-patch flavors and smoky oak founded on a floor of soft tannin."	Our Tribute	88	62	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	The Calling 2012 Our Tribute Red (Alexander Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	The Calling
Italy	"Linear and loaded with finesse, this delicate, polished red opens with fragrant blue flower, berry and crushed herb scents. The bright, ethereal palate offers sour cherry, strawberry and a hint of baking spice, framed by silky tannins and vibrant acidity. Drink soon."		89	18	Tuscany	Chianti Rufina		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Selvapiana 2014  Chianti Rufina	Red Blend	Selvapiana
US	"Peter Mondavi Sr. and his two sons, Peter Jr. and Marc have crafted a big, tannic and ageworthy wine. It's packed with massive blackberry fruit, with the hard tannins and minerality common of Howell Mountain. Don't even think of opening this before 2016; it should develop well beyond that."		94	150	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Aloft 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Aloft
France	"Grown in a chalk and flint soil, this is a strongly textured, tight wine. It has a dense mineral character, steely and with layers of citrus. Very dry, very young, this impressive wine needs to age until 2015 before drinking."	La Chapelle des Augustins	92	30	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2012 La Chapelle des Augustins  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Henri Bourgeois
US	"There aren't too many California Pinots lying around at $16. A Pinot made from organic grapes, this has a strawberry note in the foreground, followed by a peppery, spicy undertone. With its weight and depth on the finish, it'll hold up to a range of meals."		86	16	California	Mendocino		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Girasole 2010 Pinot Noir (Mendocino)	Pinot Noir	Girasole
US	"This still immature Pinot has tobacco-infused cherry, cola and pomegranate flavors that are liberally oaked and spiced. It's O.K. to drink immediately if you like freshness and vibrancy, but aging it for six years or even longer could reward."	Nugent Vineyard	91	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Stemmler 2009 Nugent Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Stemmler
US	"The subtle scent of vanilla soufflé translates as a soft mouthfeel and buttered toast flavors, resulting in a wine ready for meals both casual (roast chicken and mashed potatoes) or upscale (nut-crusted halibut atop polenta). There's ample acidity, but it still falls in the traditional California Chardonnay camp."	Jack's Hill	90	22	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Le P'tit Paysan 2012 Jack's Hill Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Le P'tit Paysan
US	"Muddled blackberry and plum give this 70% Cabernet Sauvignon a warmth and complexity, accented by clove and herb. Smaller percentages of Merlot, Syrah, Petit Verdot and Malbec add softness and structure, as well as a layering of blueberry fruit, with a bite of pepper highlighted on the finish."	Private Reserve	90	63	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jack Nicklaus Wines 2010 Private Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jack Nicklaus Wines
Portugal	"Produced from organic grapes grown in the dry Côa valley, this is a pure, fruited wine with a black-plum-skin texture and firm tannins. With its layers of acidity, it is crisp at the end while remaining solidly textured. The wine needs to age further, drink from 2018."	Quinta do Côa	90	20	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rui Roboredo Madeira 2014 Quinta do Côa Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Rui Roboredo Madeira
South Africa	"This Chenin Blanc-based blend, with 13% Clairette, 10% Viognier and 4% Sémillon, starts off with notes of fresh herbs and verbena, supported by notes of lightly toasted-apple skin, white peach and melon. There's a pleasant roundness to the body, though ample acidity and a lingering clove accent pick up the midpalate and carry through to the lingering finish. Drink now–2020."	Old Vines	92	28	Swartland			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Mullineux 2014 Old Vines White (Swartland)	White Blend	Mullineux
Italy	"This is delicious and forward, with aromas of ripe plum, spice and raisin. The rich palate delivers opulent black fruit flavors along with black licorice and white pepper notes. This is big, soft and open, and should be enjoyed soon."	Corte Majoli	90	30	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tezza 2009 Corte Majoli  (Amarone della Valpolicella)	Red Blend	Tezza
US	"So light that it's like water in the glass, this is a dynamic wine, with aromas of sugared lime peels, lime blossoms and a touch of quinine. The palate is reminiscent of a gin & tonic cocktail, with icy lime juice and lots of botanical influence."		89	19	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Koehler 2014 Riesling (Santa Ynez Valley)	Riesling	Koehler
France	This stalky wine shows wood aging as much as fruit. Toast and some bitter extraction are contrasted with tight black currant fruits. It will soften and turn into an approachable fruity wine.		85	18	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Amour 2012  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Amour
France	"Curiously dusty wine, tasting of under-ripe cranberry with a coating of sweetness. While it is identifiably Sauvignon Blanc, it does seem to have missed out on the region's signature minerality. Screwcap."		80	23	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Michel Picard 2007  Sancerre	Sauvignon Blanc	Michel Picard
Germany	"Starts off with beautiful scents of ripe peaches, orange blossom and a briny minerality, then delivers all of that and more in a slightly creamy, sensuous mouthful of flavor. The purity of ripe fruit is noteworthy, extending through the long, filigreed finish."	Bockenauer Felseneck Spätlese	92	41	Nahe			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Schäfer-Fröhlich 2007 Bockenauer Felseneck Spätlese Riesling (Nahe)	Riesling	Schäfer-Fröhlich
US	"From 100% estate-grown fruit, this lemony wine is tart on the palate while also offering a strong taste of cinnamon, akin to Red Hots. That heat lingers atop a medium-bodied experience imprinted in toasted oak."	Estate	84	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kuleto Estate 2013 Estate Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Kuleto Estate
US	"Whiffs of tea leaves and tobacco lend earthiness to this slightly savory but exotic appealing rosé. There's plenty of red-cherry and raspberry flavor, but it's slightly muted, embraced in shrouds of Cabernet Franc's brambly leafy character. It's a unique, full-bodied rosé to try over dinner with poultry or other white meats."	Island Sunset Cabernet Franc	88	16	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Adirondack Winery 2015 Island Sunset Cabernet Franc Rosé (New York)	Rosé	Adirondack Winery
Moldova	"This Moldovan Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of cherry vanilla, plum and cassis. In the mouth it has soft flavors of black currants, prunes and fresh black plums before the persistent finish."	Taraboste Rezerva	89	25	Moldova			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Château Vartely 2011 Taraboste Rezerva Cabernet Sauvignon (Moldova)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Château Vartely
US	"With its sticky tannins and hard finish, this wine wants a few years in the cellar. It's quite good, showing a crisp spine of acidity that firms and tones the ripe black currant, cherry liqueur and cedar flavors."	Bavarian Lion Vineyard	90	45	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma			Adobe Road 2004 Bavarian Lion Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Knights Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Adobe Road
US	"Mauve in color, this cold-fermented pink wine shows crystallized watermelon, effervescent pink lemonade and berry-lime sangria elements on the nose. It's very flavorful once sipped, with pomegranate and rose petal notes, proving ripe and tasty yet not overdone."	Estate Vineyards Rosé of	89	18	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lucas & Lewellen 2014 Estate Vineyards Rosé of Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Lucas & Lewellen
US	"This Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre rosé is a stunning marriage of flavors and textures. Salmon in color, it invites with apricot, peach and Meyer lemon fruit, zesty acidity underlying its flavor, complexity and length."	Wine Creek Ranch	93	22	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Quivira 2016 Wine Creek Ranch Rosé (Dry Creek Valley)	Rosé	Quivira
Italy	"This Sangiovese opens with a saturated, deep color and segues into thick aromas of leather, black cherry, chocolate and tobacco. Fresh red fruit and cola co-exist with those heavier tones giving the wine heft and power. The mouthfeel is fruity and straightforward. Part of the Conte Ferdinando Guicciardini estates."	Tosco Forte	87	20	Tuscany	Colli della Toscana Centrale				Castello di Poppiano 2004 Tosco Forte Sangiovese (Colli della Toscana Centrale)	Sangiovese	Castello di Poppiano
US	"Herbes de Provence, lavender soap and baked cherry scents meld with a background of desiccated black fruit. Medium to full in body, this bears brawny tannins and assertive acids, making it a great wine to pair with hearty dishes like sausage-studded Catalonian bean stew."	La Dolce Vita Piemontese	87	29	Virginia	Virginia				Three Fox 2010 La Dolce Vita Piemontese Nebbiolo (Virginia)	Nebbiolo	Three Fox
Austria	"This is beautiful, herbaceous Sauvigon Blanc, the signature grape of Styria, in a fine, ripe version, all rich fruits, green apple juice, fresh berries and lively acidity. Glass stopper."	Steirische Klassik	89	25	Südsteiermark			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Sattlerhof 2006 Steirische Klassik Sauvignon Blanc (Südsteiermark)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sattlerhof
Argentina	Wiry red-berry aromas are lean and stalky smelling. This feels tight with little excess weight or body. Flavors of peppery red fruits come with a broadside shot of oak in front of a short finish.	Reserva	85	11	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Flichman 2012 Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Finca Flichman
US	"The 2005 Doyenne Aix is 50% Cabernet, 48% Syrah and 2% Mourvèdre. The increased percentage of Syrah and the extra dollop of Mourvèdre ramps this up to a stiffer, more substantial wine than the 2004. It's a Cabernet-driven complement to the DeLille D2, replete with muscle and nerve. Dark and chewy, the wine has picked up a little Rhône-like savage-ness from the Mourvèdre, especially in the aroma. The tannins are chewy and a bit leafy, and need some airing out, but there's plenty of meaty flavor here."	Aix Red	89	38	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Doyenne 2005 Aix Red Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Doyenne
US	"Scents and flavors of sandalwood and root beer come up first, with strawberry and cherry fruit following. Sourced principally from Winter's Hill vineyard, it's a gentle wine that gains momentum through the finish. Slightly reductive burnt rubber notes come in late, but with vigorous aeration the flavors smooth out."	Marina Piper	88	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cottonwood Winery of Oregon 2012 Marina Piper Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cottonwood Winery of Oregon
US	"Textural and spicy, this has a subtle mix of herb, salts, stem, leaf and wild berry flavors. It's fascinating and complex, with the sort of mystifying sex appeal that only Pinot Noir seems to be capable of. It spent 18 months in 30% new French oak to good effect."	Lichtenwalter Vineyard	92	48	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Quintet 2014 Lichtenwalter Vineyard Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Quintet
France	"Powerful tannins and wood flavors dominate the wine at this young stage. It has plenty of the richness of the vintage to promise a generous future. Packed with ripe red-berry fruits and balanced acidity, it will be a very fine wine. Drink from 2024."		94	260	Burgundy	Clos de Vougeot		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Santenay 2015  Clos de Vougeot	Pinot Noir	Château de Santenay
France	"This young wine is packed with firm tannins and juicy black plum fruit. Its structure of tannins, both from the fruit and from wood aging, gives it a rich texture. It's spicy and ripe and needs some aging. Drink from 2020."	Amrboise de l'Her	90	16	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Nozières 2015 Amrboise de l'Her Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Nozières
Portugal	"This is a serious wine from Aveleda's estate in Bairrada. With its bold, tarry tannins and solid structure, it's a wine that combines longevity and impressive fruit. Mineral, structured and concentrated with big black-fruit flavors and a dry, solid core, it's destined for long aging. Drink from 2019."	Quinta da Aguieira Grande Follies	93	40	Bairrada			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Aveleda 2011 Quinta da Aguieira Grande Follies Red (Bairrada)	Portuguese Red	Aveleda
US	"Hearty plum, deep rose petal, earthy juniper, a touch of charcoal and crushed graphite aromas show strongly on the nose of this bottling from a tiny block in this historic vineyard. The palate packs an awesome combination of tension, energy and power, like a clenched fist in a silk glove, with tangy olallieberry fruit and a menthol character that carries deep into the finish."	Block 8 Bien Nacido Vineyard	95	62	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 2014 Block 8 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
US	"This is a neutral, papery white wine, with a flat, rather than lively mouthfeel. The apple flavored fruit is there, along with a touch of licorice, but the freshness seems to have been lost along the way."	Cloud Rest Vineyard	85	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Oak Knoll 2014 Cloud Rest Vineyard Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Oak Knoll
Italy	"Rubizzo is a fantastic value wine that is simple and concrete but also bright, cheerful and fruit-forward. The cherry tones are plump and mature and the wine feels softly round on the close."	Rubizzo	88	13	Tuscany	Toscana				Rocca delle Macìe 2008 Rubizzo Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Rocca delle Macìe
US	"Strongly herbal, with thin, very tart, acidic cranberry flavors."	Estate	83	23	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cubanisimo Vineyards 2007 Estate Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cubanisimo Vineyards
Spain	"Gritty aromas of road tar share space on the nose with black cherry and dark plum scents. This feels hard and abrasive, even by Ribera del Duero standards. Plum, berry and integrated oak flavors finish savory and with a lasting note of dry oak. Drink through 2023."	Crianza	90	18	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bracamonte 2011 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Bracamonte
US	"Very little differentiates this from the winery's other single-varietal reds. They all seem like components rather than complete wines. It's dry and austere, with barely ripe red berry fruit. The hard, short finish and drying tannins make this wine difficult to like."		86	40	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Griffin Creek 2012 Malbec (Rogue Valley)	Malbec	Griffin Creek
Italy	"Sicily is doing wonderful things with Syrah and this expression from the southern-most part of the island shows a fresh and informal side to the grape. The wine is packed tight with lush, bright red fruit flavors."	Case Ibidini	87	14	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Valle dell'Acate 2009 Case Ibidini Syrah (Sicilia)	Syrah	Valle dell'Acate
France	"This lean wine is high on acidity and structure. The fruit seems to be missing, needing more flesh to feel complete."	Tradition	84	20	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut-Rian 2015 Tradition  (Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut-Rian
US	"Distinctive and generous, this white Rhône-style wine is made from Sierra Foothills grapes by a seasoned Napa winemaker. It tastes like vanilla, hazelnuts and pears, has a creamy texture, feels layered with fruit and spice notes, and has good acidity balanced by richness of flavor."	L'Ingenue Naggiar Vineyard	91	32	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Elyse 2012 L'Ingenue Naggiar Vineyard White (Sierra Foothills)	White Blend	Elyse
France	"A solid effort, with attractive, balanced black currant fruits and ripe acidity. The wine layers fruit and integrated tannins. It feels chunky and dense, finishing dry."		90	45	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Ferrière 2009  Margaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Ferrière
Chile	"Like most Casillero varietals, this Merlot offers good concentration and a mix of berry fruit and light herbal aromas. The palate is lively, with good acidity and zesty red plum and pie cherry flavors. It's a little tangy throughout but on the plus side it's not overdone or heavy."	Casillero del Diablo Reserve	86	10	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2008 Casillero del Diablo Reserve Merlot (Rapel Valley)	Merlot	Concha y Toro
Australia	"Features a complex nose of green apples, pears and pineapples, accented by smoky notes. The flavors are similar, folding in more vanilla and toast nuances—the oak in this wine seems to build toward the finish, while the fruit does the reverse, turning fainter and more citrusy."		87	16	South Australia	Limestone Coast		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Stonehaven 2000 Chardonnay (Limestone Coast)	Chardonnay	Stonehaven
France	"There's not too much fruit going on here; the aromas and flavors tend more towards caramel, vanilla and cinnamon, with just a faint lemon tone as a backdrop. After a kiss of softness on the palate, this wine finishes with mouthwatering crispness. Though impressive, this wine is a bit disjointed and could use a few years to integrate."	Grand Cru Brand	89	80	Alsace	Alsace				Josmeyer 2005 Grand Cru Brand Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Josmeyer
US	"A lovely Pinot Noir, dry and silky, giving lots of pleasure in the mouth. Shows polished cherry, raspberry and spice flavors. From Cargasacchi."	Salsipuedes	89	20	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Point Concepción 2009 Salsipuedes Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Point Concepción
France	"With its appealing toast and fruit aromas, this is a rich wine. It does keep plenty of steely texture while allowing the yellow fruits, ripe pear and toast to shine. In style it hovers halfway between the ripe, buttery Meursault of the past and the crisper style of today, a fine compromise and ready to drink now."		90	74	Burgundy	Meursault		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter 2013  Meursault	Chardonnay	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter
Germany	"A wonderfully drinkable beerenauslese, which makes it a serious accomplishment—sometimes these wines can just be too much. This one balances its intense dried apricot and golden raisin notes with tropical and citrus fruit and lively acidity."	Hochheimer Domdechaney Beerenauslese	96	271	Rheingau			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domdechant Werner 2009 Hochheimer Domdechaney Beerenauslese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Domdechant Werner
Argentina	"With its bright pink color and fruity aromas of cherry, strawberry and raspberry, this wine is more good than bad. The palate feels fresh, balanced and juicy, while flavors of plum, cherry and red licorice finish clean."	1300 Malbec	85	15	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Andeluna 2013 1300 Malbec Rosé (Uco Valley)	Rosé	Andeluna
Greece	"Spicy, buttery aromas lead this lean-style white from Crete. Medium-bodied with a combination of citrus and spices, and a touch of flowers. Angular but interesting."	Vin de Crete	84	10	Crete			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Kourtaki 2007 Vin de Crete White (Crete)	White Blend	Kourtaki
US	A good amount of sweetness fills the profile of this superjammy-smelling and thick-tasting wine. Aromas suggest dark raisins and prunes; the flavors are equally overripe with vanilla and maple accents. The texture is soft and unctuous.		85	16	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Caricature 2012 Red (California)	Red Blend	Caricature
France	"Coming from a single vineyard, this rich wine has concentration as well as ripe yellow and green fruits. It's a wine to age for a few more months to bring out all its complexity. Drink from 2017."	Les Denisottes	89	40	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Claude Riffault 2014 Les Denisottes  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Claude Riffault
Chile	"This perenially mediocre wine is a little worse in 2012. It smells blowsy, floral and strange, while in the mouth it's like oaky apple cider. Flavors of cider and faux oak are less than impressive, as is the overall balance."	Sepia Reserva	81	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vistamar 2012 Sepia Reserva Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Vistamar
US	"If you're looking for a decent everyday Chardonnay at an inexpensive price, consider this one. It's dry and creamy in texture, with slightly sweet, oaky tangerine and pineapple flavors."	Willow Springs	84	7	California	California	California Other			CK Mondavi 2010 Willow Springs Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	CK Mondavi
US	"This blend of 50% Mourvèdre, 38% Syrah and 12% Grenache is fairly light on the nose, showing smoked beef, soy and black-plum paste. The flavors are also quite restrained, with leather, blackberry, fennel and wild-mint elements."	Mercenary Glenrose Vineyard	89	65	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Culton 2013 Mercenary Glenrose Vineyard Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Culton
South Africa	"Herbal and fruity all at once with clean aromas of gooseberry, hard mango and green grass. Ctirus flavors dominate the lightweight mouth with crisp lime acidity charging through on the close."	Sunbird	86	14	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Simonsig 2010 Sunbird Sauvignon Blanc (Stellenbosch)	Sauvignon Blanc	Simonsig
Spain	"Smoky and earthy smelling, with aromas of tobacco, subtle spice and dried cherry. This feels tight, with more acidity than body at this point in its evolution. Flavors of dried raspberry, plum, earth and brown sugar are solid and classic. Drink now through 2013."	Monte Real Gran Reserva	90	45	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Riojanas 2001 Monte Real Gran Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Riojanas
US	"The nose of this wine is full of violet, sweet cherry, strawberry jam and fig. The palate is reminiscent of a fresh strawberry covered in balsamic reduction and the satin-smooth tannins carry this along to the long finish."	Virginia	89	16	Virginia	Virginia		Carrie Dykes		Rosemont NV Virginia Red (Virginia)	Red Blend	Rosemont
France	"Made from 40% Grenache, 30% Syrah and 30% Cinsault, this Minervois rosé offers layered, complex scents of orange blossom, peony, ginger and red currant. Flavors of peach and taut currant unfold on the medium-weight palate, with refreshing acidity to lend lift to the mouthfeel and brighten the finish."		90	15	Languedoc-Roussillon	Minervois		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Château du Donjon 2016 Rosé (Minervois)	Rosé	Château du Donjon
France	"This is a bouncy, fresh, fruit-forward wine. Cherry-berry fruit shines from start to finish, ending with just a hint of cocoa. Drink now–2017."		86	12	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château de Farel 2014 Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château de Farel
US	"This wine has a sun-dried quality to the grapes, which are moderately exuberant in cherry and leathery earth. It's lean, dry and robustly tannic."		86	56	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cairdean Estate 2011 Sangiovese (Napa Valley)	Sangiovese	Cairdean Estate
Chile	"For a large-production wine (47,000 cases made), this is nice and easy to drink. Tropical fruit aromas are lightly citric. In the mouth, this is fresh and easy, with nectarine and tangerine flavors. Freshness and simplicity are this wine's calling card."	Aliwen Reserva	86	13	Curicó and Leyda Valleys			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2012 Aliwen Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó and Leyda Valleys)	Sauvignon Blanc	Undurraga
Italy	"Chocolate, espresso, plum and black currant are backed by smoky nuances and natural rubber. This muscular wine offers polished tannins and firm structure to the end. A bit of wine from the 2005 and 2006 vintages is blended in."	Campole	87	26	Southern Italy	Campania				Fattoria Alois 2007 Campole Red (Campania)	Red Blend	Fattoria Alois
France	"This is the top wine from Château Haute-Serre, a powerful expression of Malbec, very dense and solid, but certainly not overpowering. It has ripe fruit that is held in check by brooding tannins and a firm structure, giving it weight but also surprising restraint. Age for 4–5 years."	Château de Haute-Serre Cuvée Géron Dadine	90	45	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2005 Château de Haute-Serre Cuvée Géron Dadine Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Georges Vigouroux
Austria	"Loads of fruit show on the nose of this wine: green and red apple, strawberry and ample, zesty citrus. The palate is taut, fresh, dry and precise, shot through with appetizing fruity flavors. A wonderful, flavorsome rosé, with or without food."	Cistercien	90	14	Niederösterreich			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Schloss Gobelsburg 2016 Cistercien Rosé (Niederösterreich)	Rosé	Schloss Gobelsburg
US	"This is a solid showing, with aromas of toasted, buttered almond, honeyed pineapple, white peach flesh, apple and white flowers. It's light on the palate, with apple juice flavors, a touch of guava and nice chalkiness, making for a pleasant, drinkable wine."		87	12	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Coastline 2013 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Coastline
US	"Hints of milk chocolate and graham cracker lend a sweet-spice quality to crisp red-plum and sour-cherry flavors in this brisk but concentrated wine. It's vivaciously fresh with bursts of acidity and a pleasant herbaceousness throughout. It finishes moderately long with layers of soft, chalky tannins."	Merliance	88	35	New York	Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Long Island Merlot Alliance 2010 Merliance Merlot (Long Island)	Merlot	Long Island Merlot Alliance
US	"Savory aromas and flavors combine with a soft texture in this full-bodied wine. It smells smoky and roasted, tastes like pomegranate and cherry juice and has a streak of acidity but not much tannin."	Reserve	85	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Red Rock 2013 Reserve Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Red Rock
Argentina	"On the nose, the red berry aromas are rough and scratchy. The palate feels acidic and clipped, with tart flavors of red plum, cranberry and pie cherry. The finish is long and acidic."		82	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tierra de Antes 2010 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Tierra de Antes
US	"Dense and luxurious aromas of oak-laden red currants, blueberry, peppercorns and melted dark chocolate greet the nose on this hearty bottling. The flavors are lighter than the nose suggests, yet the silky texture evolves quickly to deliver plenty of espresso bean, vanilla, blueberry and blackberry elements, all clinging to a strong tannic structure."	Estate Reserve	92	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	San Simeon 2011 Estate Reserve Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	San Simeon
Spain	"Red in color, with sweet aromas of sugar beet, Red Delicious apple and cherry. It feels zesty, with simple flavors of red fruit and red apple. The finish is dry and a touch peppery. Drink immediately while it's fresh."	Rosado Joven Tempranillo	85	10	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pradorey 2011 Rosado Joven Tempranillo Rosé (Ribera del Duero)	Rosé	Pradorey
South Africa	"Lovely scents of fynbos and sweet grass mingle with fruity tones of melon rind, gooseberry and underripe mango on the nose and mouth. The fresh and inviting palate offers more of the same, with lingering hints of citrus zest, lime leaf and white currant on the medium-length finish. It's zippy, but layered and flavorful, with excellent overall balance and harmony."	Vintage Selection	90	17	Coastal Region			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Spier 2016 Vintage Selection Sauvignon Blanc (Coastal Region)	Sauvignon Blanc	Spier
US	"This is an aromatic wine, with notes of blackberry, braised meat, Kalamata olive, iron and French-oak spices. The palate holds nothing back, with bold, rich fruit flavors that coat the palate, showing warmth on the finish. Although the oak seems prominent it still provides enjoyment."	The Sleeping Giant Boushey Vineyard	91	60	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gorman 2014 The Sleeping Giant Boushey Vineyard Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Gorman
Austria	"One of a series of great single-vineyard wines from Geyerhof, this is as impressive as the rest. It has weight, complexity and richness. Its perfumed fruits provide a delicate counterpoint to the acidity, taut minerality and herbal edge. For aging over at least five years."	Kirchensteig Erste Lage Reserve	93	40	Kremstal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Geyerhof 2010 Kirchensteig Erste Lage Reserve Riesling (Kremstal)	Riesling	Geyerhof
US	"The Meyer Vineyard, in the Red Hills of Dundee, ripened especially well in 2006, bringing forth concentrated fruits that mix raspberry, cranberry, pie cherry and finishing hints of rhubarb. Spice and sharp acids add definition to the midpalate, and the careful barrel aging has introduced accent notes of nutmeg, licorice and black tea. Despite its heft and substantial 14.6% alcohol, this wine has a sleekness that carries it gracefully into a lengthy, elegant finish."	Meyer Vineyard	91	48	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lemelson 2006 Meyer Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lemelson
US	"Aged in just one-third new French oak, this mostly shows the fruit, along with notes of green herbs, plum and currant accented by vanilla. The palate is medium bodied, slightly viscous in feel with a tart finish and dry tannins."	Reserve	87	22	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Canoe Ridge 2011 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Canoe Ridge
US	"This is firm in acidity, bracing in minerals and bone dry. That makes it sound austere, but you'll find delicious apricot, lime and citron flavors, enhanced by sweet oak. Drink now."		92	34	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Failla 2011 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Failla
US	"This is a wine that wants a little time in the cellar. It has very rich, ripe, concentrated blackberry and cherry flavors, accented with bacon, smoky oak and black pepper. But it's tannic and the fruit is jammy. The parts simply haven't knit together. Give it 2–3 years."	Perli Vineyards	89	35	California	Mendocino Ridge				A Donkey and Goat 2007 Perli Vineyards Syrah (Mendocino Ridge)	Syrah	A Donkey and Goat
Italy	"Earthy aromas of underbrush, sunbaked soil, pressed violet and dried rosemary meld together with whiffs of espresso. The firm palate offers dried Marasca cherry, cranberry, star anise and a gamy note alongside close-grained tannins."	Riserva	89	30	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Suberli 2012 Riserva  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Suberli
Italy	"This deeply hued, golden colored wine opens with aromas of orchard fruit, citrus and crushed rock. The linear, vibrant palate tastes of Golden Delicious apple, candied lemon zest and mineral alongside racy acidity that leaves a firm, clean finish."		90	26	Northeastern Italy	Collio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tercic 2013 Chardonnay (Collio)	Chardonnay	Tercic
US	"This wine won't be available until 2013/2014, but for the moment it is a mouthful of extremely ripe blackberry and blueberry jam, with layers of tar and dirt. Big and ripe, the additional time in bottle will help smooth out its edges."	Estate	88	32	California	Shenandoah Valley (CA)	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Easton 2009 Estate Zinfandel (Shenandoah Valley (CA))	Zinfandel	Easton
US	"Caramel apple and toffee tones introduce this wine's inherent luxuriousness and richness, its intensity particularly pronounced on the nose. Vanilla crème brûlée flavors are layered with anise as the finish finds its balance."	Lewis Vineyard Reserve	91	65	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frank Family 2014 Lewis Vineyard Reserve Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Frank Family
US	"One-dimensional but pleasant, it's dry and brisk in acidity, with ripe cherry pie filling, pomegranate and persimmon flavors, enhanced with new French oak. With some heat from high alcohol, it will drink well through 2017."	Orange Label	86	49	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Roadhouse Winery 2012 Orange Label Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Roadhouse Winery
US	"Cherry colored and lightly bricked, this wine offers aromas of herbs, orange peel, wet stone and cherry. It drinks dry with fleshy, boozy-seeming fruit flavors."	Ro-Sae	85	16	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cor Cellars 2014 Ro-Sae Rosé (Horse Heaven Hills)	Rosé	Cor Cellars
Chile	"Mildly sharp and herbal smelling, with olive, plum and leather aromas. Healthy in the mouth, maybe a touch needle-like, but overall the wine's dry red fruit, pepper and herbal accents seem right for the category it's playing in. Good for under $10."	Reserva	85	9	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alicia 2008 Reserva Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Santa Alicia
Italy	"This dazzling white is a lesson in finesse and balance. It opens with alluring, delicate scents of white wild flowers, chopped herbs, almonds and orchard fruits. The elegant palate offers layers of crisp apple and creamy pear, and radiant acidity brightens the intense flavors while a mineral note closes the lingering finish. Drink through 2023."	Calvarino	94	31	Veneto	Soave Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pieropan 2013 Calvarino  (Soave Classico)	White Blend	Pieropan
US	"Can Paso Robles grow Pinot Noir? This wine suggests yes, at least in the cooler Willow Creek and Templeton Gap zones. This offers aromas of graphite, pomegranate and plums, followed by a palate that blends dark purple fruits with eucalyptus-like herbals. This will be even better with some time in bottle."	Kruse Vineyard Estate	89	36	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Jack Creek 2013 Kruse Vineyard Estate Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Jack Creek
US	"Coming from a vineyard that sits 500 feet above Monterey Bay, this shows crisp green apple and grapefruit rinds on the nose, as well as a sharp, intriguing herbal tinge. It's extremely tight and high-toned on the palate, with bitter lime peels, white rocks and salinity, finishing on toasted apples."	Regan Vineyards	90	30	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Portola Vineyards 2012 Regan Vineyards Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Portola Vineyards
France	"A blend of Mauzac and Loin de l'Oeil, commonly found in Gaillac, this bright, fruity and herbaceous wine is crisp and citrus-driven. A strong mineral edge to the texture adds bite to the aftertaste. Drink from 2015."	Les Jacquaires	88	25	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Colombière 2014 Les Jacquaires White (Vin de France)	White Blend	Château la Colombière
Uruguay	Inky cool herbal black-fruit aromas set up a choppy tight palate with pounding tannins. Flavors of black coffee and blackberry are heavily toasted. The finish keeps that toasty theme while introducing notes of pepper and horseradish.	100 Años Viñas Mendoza	87	17	Montevideo			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gimenez Mendez 2015 100 Años Viñas Mendoza Malbec (Montevideo)	Malbec	Gimenez Mendez
Italy	"This blend of Sangiovese and 10% Merlot opens with delicate aromas of violet, berry and baking spices. The palate delivers black cherry, toast and clove alongside close-grained tannins that grip the finish."	Crognolo	87	35	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Sette Ponti 2014 Crognolo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta Sette Ponti
US	"Originating from a small, new producer based in the Napa Valley, this shows crushed stone and golden oak. Its essential succulence is that of high-toned citrus and apple kissed in caramel. A tease of lingering acidity makes it undeniably fresh and deliciously crisp."	Laurent Ritchie Vineyard	95	65	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Metzker Family Estates 2015 Laurent Ritchie Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Metzker Family Estates
US	"A rich, buttery Chardonnay, brimming with well-oaked pineapple, honey, créme brûlée and spice flavors, brightened with acidity. A real crowd pleaser."	Cold Creek Ranch	89	30	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Laird 2008 Cold Creek Ranch Chardonnay (Los Carneros)	Chardonnay	Laird
US	"Dried herb, graphite and cedar form a cast of characters around a big powerful tannin concentration in this appellation wine. A bitter streak of tobacco plays games with sharper, crunchier aspects of cassis and clove."	Single Vineyard	90	190	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Newton 2014 Single Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Spring Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Newton
US	"High-toned aromas of cocoa, toast, mixed green herb and dark fruit lead to tart cherry and cranberry flavors that bring a pucker factor. It shows a very lovely sense of balance that keeps the interest high. Give it some additional time in bottle or a short decant."	Double Canyon Vineyard	91	65	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Double Canyon 2014 Double Canyon Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Double Canyon
Germany	"A whiff of raspberry perfume trails through deep layers of wet rock and dusty mineral on the nose of this dry Spätburgunder rosé. While restrained in style, its fresh-cut red apple and pear flavors make a zesty year-round accompaniment to light chicken and fish dishes. Drink now."	Ng.2 Schweigen-Rechtenbach Spätburgunder Trocken	88	24	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Nauerth-Gnägy 2014 Ng.2 Schweigen-Rechtenbach Spätburgunder Trocken Rosé (Pfalz)	Rosé	Nauerth-Gnägy
US	"Ripe mulberry and grape jelly scent this rich, fruity blend of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. The palate is lush and pulpy, with rich black-fruit flavors kissed with the barest whisper of tannins."	Miller's Cove	86	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Keuka Spring 2012 Miller's Cove Red (Finger Lakes)	Red Blend	Keuka Spring
US	"Young and sassy, this wine is already showing lovely nuances of toast, spice, lees and mineral. Complex, vivid and beautifully balanced, with a lot of fresh leesy texture and the tangy fruit riding on top. Classy winemaking, elegant and sophisticated."	Ian's Reserve	91	32	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2000 Ian's Reserve Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Chehalem
US	"This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, sourced from one of Washington's most iconic vineyards, is aromatically appealing with barrel notes of toast, chocolate, and spice alongside earth and dark cherry. It's wound up at present with tart acids and tightly coiled tannins, showing impeccable restraint and elegance."	Champoux Vineyard	92	55	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Januik 2010 Champoux Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Januik
US	"The aromas bring notes of green herb and purple fruit. The palate is barrel forward, with vanilla flavors up front and the tannins showing a touch of astringency."		87	14	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Mercer Canyons 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mercer Canyons
Portugal	"This wood-aged wine is full of generous fruits. The hints of toast from are already well integrated into the elegant structure. A blend of Touriga Nacional with Merlot and Aragonez, allows ripe fruit to speak easily and with just a touch of tannin. Drink this wine now."	Mafra Tinto	89	21	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de Sant'Ana 2015 Mafra Tinto Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de Sant'Ana
US	"Firm, hard, tart and chewy, this has tight black fruits, high acids and earthy tannins, which are lightened with a note of pretty baking spice."	Runway	86	18	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Airfield Estates 2010 Runway Merlot (Yakima Valley)	Merlot	Airfield Estates
US	"The spice, peach, cream and corn on the cob aromas bring appeal. The flavors are silky and sleek, pulling toward the lemony finish."	Shirley Mays	87	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dunham 2014 Shirley Mays Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Dunham
France	"Ripe wine, pushing its toast, pear and apricot flavors. Smooth, with an English walnut taste, and green herb acidity. Ready to drink now."		87	14	Burgundy	Mâcon-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Jadot 2009  Mâcon-Villages	Chardonnay	Louis Jadot
US	It's hard to fall in love with this blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay. It has unripe green flavors that border on ammonia.	Vintage White	81	9	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Kenwood 2011 Vintage White White (Sonoma County)	White Blend	Kenwood
US	"Toasty oak, pineapples, oranges and vanilla combine in this Chardonnay to make it an easy-drinking everyday sipper. It seems little sweet, like jam."	Collection	84	16	California	California	California Other			Stonegate 2010 Collection Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Stonegate
US	"One of the riper Cabs out there, this 100% varietal has flavors of crushed black pepper, milk chocolate, cassis, blueberries and oak. The heavy extract is suggested by its inky dark color. With soft tannins and acidity, it will drink well over the next four years."		87	42	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Vinum Cellars 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vinum Cellars
US	"The McIntyre family took over their Santa Lucia Highlands vineyards in 1987. The wine kicks off with aromas of black mustard, violet and dark spices. Once sipped, the mouthfeel is rich and full, but the nondescript flavors fall somewhere between tart cranberry and warm strawberry."	Estate 25th Anniversary	89	36	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	McIntyre Vineyards 2012 Estate 25th Anniversary Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	McIntyre Vineyards
Argentina	"Punchy red fruit aromas and plum notes give this Malbec energy up front. A ripe, round palate feels good and right. Spicy plum flavors with an herbal note finish woody, salty and with rubbery, lively tannins. Drink through 2019."	Reserve	89	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Proemio 2013 Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Proemio
US	"Made by consulting winemaker Herb Quady, this yummy blend of Syrah, Tempranillo and (a splash of) Malbec is a showcase for what are arguably Southern Oregon's three best red grapes. Plum and cherry flavors are limned with citrus-tinged acids, making a tasty quaffable red, ready to deliver mid-week pleasure."	Red Red Wine	90	16	Oregon	Southern Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cliff Creek 2015 Red Red Wine Red (Southern Oregon)	Red Blend	Cliff Creek
France	"The wine comes from the Grand Cru village of Chouilly in the Chardonnay vineyards of the Côte des Blancs. It is crisp, mineral textured and still developing. Bright acidity and lemon-zest flavors give this wine its lively and also full-bodied character. Drink from 2018."	Grand Cru Blanc de Blancs Chouilly Brut	92	54	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	A.R. Lenoble  NV Grand Cru Blanc de Blancs Chouilly Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	A.R. Lenoble 
Australia	"Offers a mishmash of aromas that include plenty of woody notes like vanilla and toast as well as cherry fruit. The result in the mouth comes across as slightly medicinal, with cherry and menthol flavors that turn tangy on the finish. Imported by Walca International."		84	12	South Australia	Adelaide Plains		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Red Earth 2004 Merlot (Adelaide Plains)	Merlot	Red Earth
US	"There are lots of ripe cherry, blackberry and cola flavors in this Merlot. It's a simple, elegant wine that's dry and silky in texture. Drink now."		85	16	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Cannonball 2010 Merlot (Sonoma County)	Merlot	Cannonball
France	"Big, full-bodied and very much a product of the 2010 vintage, this structured, generous wine needs time. The dry tannins are still prominent, giving a tough edge to the more generous, concentrated fruits. Drink from 2018."	Cuvée Prestige	88	30	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château des Tourtes 2010 Cuvée Prestige  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château des Tourtes
US	"Rich and oaky, this wine gives plenty of flavor at reasonable price. It has an abundance of baking spice, butter and toasted-baguette flavors, full body and a pleasantly viscous texture."	Estate Bottled Old Head	89	15	California	Dunnigan Hills	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Matchbook 2015 Estate Bottled Old Head Chardonnay (Dunnigan Hills)	Chardonnay	Matchbook
Italy	"This is a pristine and elegant Bolgheri Superiore with a particularly focused aromatic profile. The blend is 60-20-20 Cab Sauvignon, Cab Franc and Merlot. A green, herbal note comes through. You'll also recognize elements of caper, green olive, mineral, tobacco and exotic fruit. It shows thick fruit and dense concentration as well."		93	60	Tuscany	Bolgheri Superiore				Castello di Bolgheri 2007  Bolgheri Superiore	Red Blend	Castello di Bolgheri
Portugal	"This is the reserve wine from Chocapalha, a powerful expression of mainly Douro grapes in the Lisbon region. It has dense tannins at this young stage, with layers of firm plums and a solid texture. For balance, refreshing acidity lightens up the whole edifice. It does need to age however, so drink from 2018."	Vinha Mãe	92	42	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de Chocapalha 2011 Vinha Mãe Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de Chocapalha
Chile	"This is stalky smelling, with rustic aromas of roasted berry, leather, tobacco and eucalyptus. It's full in the mouth, with smacking tannins and firm acids that create a flavor profile of roasted, herbal berry and plum. Bitter chocolate and espresso flavors control the peppery, dry finish. This is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère and Syrah."	Tralca	88	70	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Bisquertt 2007 Tralca Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Viña Bisquertt
France	"From a property owned by the Bignon-Cordier family of Château Talbot in Saint-Julien in Bordeaux, this wine is packed with red fruit. Smooth and full bodied, it offers a touch of spice as well as perfumed raspberry acidity. A rich wine, it is ready to drink."		91	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Saint Andrieu 2015 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Saint Andrieu
Australia	"This doesn't fit the current fashion in Australian Pinot Noir toward lightness and delicacy. Instead, it delivers rich and mellow flavors of black cherry, tinged with licorice, earth and moss. Drink it over the next several years."		90	95	Victoria	Yarra Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Yarra Yering 2009 Pinot Noir (Yarra Valley)	Pinot Noir	Yarra Yering
France	"This wine is so soft, rounded and fat. It has hints of red fruits and acidity with a herbal edge. But with the soft texture of the wine, it is misses out on fruit and acidity. Drink now."		84	17	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lauzade 2016 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Lauzade
France	"This is a top-notch effort—a blend of 80% Grenache, 15% Syrah and 5% Mourvèdre. It starts off with intriguing floral and herbal notes, then delivers deep black-cherry flavors on the palate, tinged with savory nuances of roasted meat and black olive. It's full bodied and round, richly but finely textured and very drinkable now yet with the substance to age up to 10 years or more."	Cuvée Vieilles Vignes	92	40	Rhône Valley	Gigondas		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine du Grand Montmirail 2009 Cuvée Vieilles Vignes  (Gigondas)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine du Grand Montmirail
France	"Apple fruitiness dominates this fresh sparkling wine. A light mousse plays on the crisp texture, giving a lively, fresh final acidity. It's a great apéritif style."	Brut Tradition	87	18	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Fernand Engel NV Brut Tradition Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Fernand Engel
Italy	This straightforward selection offers plum and cherry sensations with hints of espresso and chocolate. The simple style will work well with pasta dishes and cheeses.	Terrarossa	87	18	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Melini 2010 Terrarossa  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Melini
Spain	"Approach this simple Tempranillo with modest expectations and the jammy cherry aromas and flavors will strike you as pure and fresh. Complexity and style are not part of the equation, but an unoaked raspberry character, length and correct balance make it worthy."		85	10	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Spanish Vines NV Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Spanish Vines
Italy	"Aromas of underbrush, charred earth and a hint of cedar lead the nose on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Merlot. The extracted palate delivers mature black currant, dried blackberry, espresso and black pepper alongside dusty tannins."	Cignale	90	70	Tuscany	Colli della Toscana Centrale		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Querceto 2010 Cignale Red (Colli della Toscana Centrale)	Red Blend	Castello di Querceto
France	"Firmly in the style of the vintage, this is dense, full-bodied Cornas, with plenty of fruit. Intense plum, coffee and black olive notes dominate, while the tannins are ripe and plush. Believe it or not, this is actually drinkable now, yet should age easily through at least 2025."	Les Ruchets	93	84	Rhône Valley	Cornas		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Jean-Luc Colombo 2009 Les Ruchets  (Cornas)	Syrah	Jean-Luc Colombo
US	"A nice, fruity Sauvignon Blanc, a little sweet and simple, but satisfying nonetheless for its array of ripe pineapple, citrus, lime, green apple and spice flavors, brightened with crisp acidity."	Hanson-Hsieh Vineyard	86	32	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Maisonry 2010 Hanson-Hsieh Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Maisonry
France	"This is a jammy and fruit-forward selection, with direct aromas and flavors of red cherry, berry and plum that are lifted by a hint of menthol. The smooth, easygoing palate offers light tannins and fleshy fruit flavors, followed by a clean but fleeting finish."		83	5	France Other	Vin de France		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Belle Made For You NV Cabernet Sauvignon (Vin de France)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Belle Made For You
Argentina	"Initial oak-based scents of plastic and rubber give way to minerality and stony aromas of cassis and plum. In the mouth, this youngster is wide, jammy, fleshy and chewy. Flavors of earthy, loamy black fruits and licorice pick up herb, spice and anise flavors on a forward-leaning finish. Drink from 2015–2020."	Aluvional	92	90	Mendoza Province	La Consulta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zuccardi 2010 Aluvional Malbec (La Consulta)	Malbec	Zuccardi
US	"A note of char greets the nose before this full-bodied and robustly ripe wine shows a softness of texture and wrapped-in tannin. Smoky black cherry continues the theme, while layers of plum, mocha and currant interweave on the palate, lingering in black pepper and clove."		93	150	California	Coombsville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Patel 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Coombsville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Patel
US	"A blend of all five Bordeaux red varieties, this dry, complex young wine has plenty of elegance. The blackberry, currant, tobacco and cedar flavors have a nice balance of dried herbs. Very nice now."	Cuvée de la Luna	89	35	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Valley of the Moon 2006 Cuvée de la Luna Red (Sonoma County)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Valley of the Moon
US	"A dusty drink of blackberry, lean and structured with resolved tannins and a clean finish."	Estate	87	32	California	Santa Clara Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jason-Stephens 2010 Estate Malbec (Santa Clara Valley)	Malbec	Jason-Stephens
US	"This is an extremely dry, tartly acidic wine whose lime and grapefruit flavors are inflected with gooseberries and stony minerals. Made with no oak, it's a clean, brisk palate cleanser that's versatile at the table, and affordable."	Reserve	89	15	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Raymond 2009 Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Raymond
US	"Awkward, overripe and too sweet, a textbook wine that falls prey to Zin's traditional pitfalls. There are ripe berry flavors but they are out of balance with everything else. A syrupy, cough-mediciney texture frames it all."		82	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Edgewood 2000 Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Edgewood
US	"Invigorating scents of lime zest and crisp apple introduce this nervy, dry Riesling. It's brisk with lime acidity, but builds in weight and texture with hints of petrol and lanolin that linger on the palate."	Dry	89	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Anthony Road 2011 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Anthony Road
Chile	"Generic white-fruit aromas come with a modicum of zest. The palate is simple in feel but holds steady, while flavors of citrus and pith finish sweet, with distant notes of orange and passion fruit."		83	7	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Beach Kite 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Beach Kite
Argentina	"Trapiche is doing all sorts of experiments with terroirs and soils, and this Malbec is from vineyards planted on top of clay. On the nose, it's oaky, with notes of clove, mint and barrel spice accenting black-fruit scents. A full chewy palate deals spicy oaky minty blackberry flavors in front of a chocolaty finish with wood spice and minty berry notes. Drink through 2019."	Perfiles Textura Fina	90	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trapiche 2015 Perfiles Textura Fina Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Trapiche
Italy	"Very distinctive and unique in terms of its aromatic delivery, this beautiful Barbaresco boasts complex layers of licorice, root beer and white cherry that help support a lively vertical lift. A light ruby appearance is followed by tight astringency and crushed black pepper. Pajoré plays the elegance card very well."	Pajoré	92	57	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Rizzi 2008 Pajoré  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Rizzi
US	"A sensational value, this blends fruit from a half-dozen vineyards that carry the winery's vineyard designates. Soft and appealing flavors mix citrus, plum and berry in a juicy, wide open, flat out delicious bottle. The fruit is the star, although a year in 9% new French oak adds a nice touch of toast."	Villages Cuvée	91	26	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	St. Innocent 2014 Villages Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	St. Innocent
US	"Fresh raspberry sorbet aromas meet with an herbal edge of pine oil, eucalyptus leaf, green peppercorn and dark sandalwood on the very compelling nose of this bottling by Edgar Torres. It's extremely lively on the palate, light in body but heavy in acid and tannic structure, with wild thyme, mint and sage decorating the mellow red-fruit flavors."	Rancho Ontiveros	94	46	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Hug 2015 Rancho Ontiveros Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Hug
US	"There's a slight bit of pleasant funk to the nose of this appellation blend, as well as graphite, sour cherry, soy and shiitake mushroom aromas. The palate is wound around tight acidity, with wild raspberry flavors lifted by incense and pine forest elements."		92	45	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Dragonette 2014 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Dragonette
Australia	"One of the best unoaked Aussie Chardonnays I've come across, this is surprisingly full bodied and lush, boasting ample pineapple and peach fruit. If it lacks a bit of texture and complexity for not having any oak, the price more than compensates. Drink it over the next several months."	Omrah	89	15	Western Australia	Western Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Plantagenet 2011 Omrah Chardonnay (Western Australia)	Chardonnay	Plantagenet
Chile	"Full and rubbery on the nose, with berry, prune and foresty aromas. Quite tannic and biting on the palate, with espresso, stewed prune and bitterness to the flavor profile. Finishes hard and unyielding, with a lasting note of coffee-like bitterness."	Hacienda Araucano Reserva	85	13	Lolol Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	François Lurton 2010 Hacienda Araucano Reserva Syrah (Lolol Valley)	Syrah	François Lurton
US	"Hints of damp earth and new leather lend a distinctive taste profile to this full-bodied, ripe and broad-textured wine. Boosted by baking spices, toasted baguette and dried plum notes, the wine gets more complex with time in the glass."		91	20	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Andis 2014 Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Andis
US	"Dark and dense, without turning fat or heavy, this excellent Ruckus captures the underlying minerality of Red Mountain grapes. There's boysenberry and black cherry fruit, black coffee and wet rock. This is built for aging."	Ruckus	93	48	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sparkman 2010 Ruckus Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	Sparkman
France	"It's a shame quantities of this wine are so minuscule (20 cases imported), because it shows the enormous potential of the appellation and producer. Intense aromas of smoke, espresso and black olive lead to a palate that's full bodied and creamy in texture. There's some oak influence, but the notes of vanilla, cinnamon and clove are just an accent to the harmonious whole. Drink now–2020."	Alwenn	93	75	Rhône Valley	Gigondas		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château du Trignon 2007 Alwenn  (Gigondas)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château du Trignon
US	"Heavy, soft and a little sweet, this lacks the vibrant dryness and zest a good Pinot should have. The blackberry and cherry flavors have a slightly burnt, pie-filling flavor. Domaine Chandon has done better with Pinot Noir in the past, and it can do better than this."	Reserve L'Argile	84	65	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Domaine Chandon 2005 Reserve L'Argile Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Chandon
US	"A rich, full-bodied, oaky Chardonnay, with the pleasing texture of cream. It's spicy and very flavorful in pears, mangoes, vanilla custard and buttered toast. Could be a little livelier, though."	Bien Nacido Vineyards	88	32	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Stephen Ross 2009 Bien Nacido Vineyards Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Stephen Ross
France	"This is a strawberry-pink-colored wine with candied flavors balanced by acidity. It is fruity, crisp and light in character."		84	11	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lamothe-Vincent 2015 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Lamothe-Vincent
France	"A fine vintage of this always delicious Chablis. The wine has weight, a sense of warmth from its yellow fruits and depth of flavor. Full and ripe in the mouth, it will age for a year, although it is drinkable already."	La Sereine	89	24	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	La Chablisienne 2011 La Sereine  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	La Chablisienne
US	"Tastes raw and overripe, with raisiny flavors. The raisin skin tannins accentuate the grape tannins, leading to a hard, astringently dry finish."	Aquarius	82	33	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Midnight 2007 Aquarius Pinot Noir (Paso Robles)	Pinot Noir	Midnight
US	"This wine comes from a vineyard planted in the early 2000s in the Sebastopol Hills by Charlie Chenoweth for the Jenkins family, a country music trio consisting of Nancy Jenkins and her two daughters. It is inviting and seductive in black cherry and baking spices. Tightly wound, it has nuance and a lingering afterthought of savory pepper and meat."	Jenkins Ranch	94	60	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Patz & Hall 2013 Jenkins Ranch Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Patz & Hall
US	"Fruit sources for this limited-production Walla Walla bottling of Northstar Merlot include Leonetti's Loess vineyard, and Windrow and Anna Marie in the Seven Hills. Thick, lush and richly evocative, it shows Napa-like density. Chocolatey black fruits and baking spices add to the rich midpalate, which qualifies for the often-abused word ‘hedonistic.'"		94	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Northstar 2007 Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	Northstar
US	"Rich with gooey marshmallow, crème brûlée and cotton candy aromas, this is an unabashed classic California Chardonnay from Austin Hope. Unctuous marzipan and sea salt caramel flavors make for a creamy mouthfeel, and yet firm acidity leaves the midpalate feeling clean, allowing butterscotch tones to linger on the finish."		90	24	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Treana 2015 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Treana
US	"Dark pink and hearty, this is made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon grapes that spent six months fermenting in stainless steel. Balanced, it offers some heft on the midpalate before finishing crisp and bedazzled in cranberry and citrus."	Pink Passion Cabernet	90	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Envy 2013 Pink Passion Cabernet Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Envy
France	"It is lemon that constitutes the beginning, middle and end of this alluring wine. The first bright freshness flashes on the nose. The absolutely dry palate then becomes enveloped in the incisive, bright and invigorating fruit and zest of ripe lemon, providing direction and litheness. The finish is moreish and lip-smacking with the zesty freshness. You simply want more. Drink 2017–2027."	Kirchberg de Barr Grand Cru	93	22	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Willm 2014 Kirchberg de Barr Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Willm
US	"Plummy cinnamon notes meet fruity coconut depth in this ripe, soft and brightly constructed wine that's rich and full-bodied."	Fortis	90	200	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pine Ridge 2014 Fortis Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pine Ridge
US	"From the Lovall Valley section of the Napa Valley quite near Sonoma, this lovely wine is awash in tropical mango, with lilts of pear and vanilla. Creamy, it's made in a fuller-bodied style but never gets ridiculous, instead offering balance and elegance, finishing with a squeeze of grapefruit."	Grieve Family Vineyard	91	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Grieve 2013 Grieve Family Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Grieve
France	"Notes of almonds and sweet fruit combine with steely acidity in this wine. It has both a bright, fresh character and honeyed smoothness. It is still quite youthful and could age well for 3–4 years."	Vendange Tardive	90	34	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Allimant-Laugner 2009 Vendange Tardive Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Allimant-Laugner
US	"Green herb, barrel spice, clove and cherry aromas intermingle and lead to a highly structured palate, with supple fruit flavors. It might be a touch green for some tastes."	McClellan Estate	90	45	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Seven Hills 2014 McClellan Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Seven Hills
US	"The ripeness and heat are immediately noticeable in the liquorous nose. Supple and smooth in the mouth, it shows a blend of pretty purple fruits and polished tannins, layered with barrel flavors emphasizing espresso and strong toast. Classic Michel Rolland, inviting and generous."		92	55	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Pedestal 2007 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Pedestal
France	"This tastes lean, the fruit buried deep beneath hard, dry fruit tannins. There is an old style austerity here that demands food. The final juicy acidity does leave a welcome relief."		84	24	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Arcins 2006  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château d'Arcins
Spain	"A little baked and flat smelling, with licorice and stewed fruit aromas. Sounds kind of dark and heavy, right? But the palate runs to the thin side, with lean but pure raspberry and cherry flavors. Vitality and snap are its virtues; not much depth or character are its fallbacks."	Reserva	86	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marques de Arienzo 2001 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Marques de Arienzo
US	"There's some old-vine juice included in the blend, and it shows. The nose is lushly scented with plums, raisins, pie cherries and ripe red fruits, with some of that distinctive new mown hay quality that old vines send up. A little barnyard aroma too, in a good way. Very extracted and intense."		89	16	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mazzocco 1997 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Mazzocco
Austria	"Streaked with acidity as well as rich, sweet fruits, this is a full and rounded, yet balanced wine with fresh flavors of honey and apricot. This wine could age, so drink now and until 2019."	Trockenbeerenauslese	88	29	Burgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rosenhof 2010 Trockenbeerenauslese Chardonnay (Burgenland)	Chardonnay	Rosenhof
Chile	"Gold in color, with a chunky palate and pushy, reduced, mealy flavors of grapefruit. Vegetal on the finish. Tasted twice with identical results."	Queulat Single Vineyard Gran Reserva	80	18	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ventisquero 2012 Queulat Single Vineyard Gran Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Ventisquero
US	"This wine possesses a dense core of concentrated raspberry fruit on the nose, but not in a jammy way, further entertained by fluffier rose petals, cherry blossoms and a drizzle of vanilla syrup. The high-toned, vibrant palate is also rich in restrained sour raspberry fruit, spiced with a clove cream, making the mouth sing."	Reserve	93	42	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cerro Prieto 2011 Reserve Pinot Noir (Paso Robles)	Pinot Noir	Cerro Prieto
Israel	"Hints of green pepper and sweet spice add character to the more standard notes of plum guts and ripe cherry. Lighter weight but round in the mouth with good balance and a clean, medium-length finish. Drink now."	Private Collection Kosher	86	18	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Carmel 2007 Private Collection Kosher Merlot (Galilee)	Merlot	Carmel
US	"Coming from the state's premier Riesling vineyard, this wine opens with lightly styled aromas of slate, apricot and peach. It drinks a hair off dry, with honeyed stone-fruit flavors."	Evergreen Vineyard	88	18	Washington	Ancient Lakes	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tempus Cellars 2015 Evergreen Vineyard Riesling (Ancient Lakes)	Riesling	Tempus Cellars
US	"A sensational value, this is a Pinot lover's wine, beginning with the gorgeous color of a deep red/orange sunset. Cherries, chocolate, and a light touch of orange peel elevate the aromatics and inform the well-integrated midpalate. The wine lingers gracefully through an immaculate finish."		93	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Love & Squalor 2013 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Love & Squalor
US	"Distinctive scents of chocolate, nougat and lemon cake swirl up from the glass, framing a dive into a tangy wine loaded with red fruits. There's a suggestion of cola, great texture, excellent length, and above all an approachable, yet ageworthy, structure."	Eleanor's 114	93	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lenné Estate 2014 Eleanor's 114 Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Lenné Estate
US	"While there's no oak here, there's a heft and weight to the mouthfeel of this wine. The flavors veer toward orange and apricot jam."		84	28	California	Rutherford	Napa			Conspire 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Rutherford)	Sauvignon Blanc	Conspire
US	"Grapy and fruity, like it's fresh out of the fermenter. Also sweet and soft, with a melted jam consistency and taste. Drink this simple wine now."	Lot 135	83	12	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Cameron Hughes 2007 Lot 135 Syrah (Central Coast)	Syrah	Cameron Hughes
Germany	"Shows wonderful purity of fruit—green apple and lime, perhaps a touch of flower shop greens—and impreccable balance, being light in body, off dry, crisp and refreshing. Delicious."	Erdener Treppchen Kabinett	89	26	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Dr. Loosen 2009 Erdener Treppchen Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
US	"Doug Margerum makes this traditional Chianti-like blend for a couple who owns the vineyard, and they must delight in the raspberry extract and graphite notes that show on the nose. Better still is the palate, with light and tight strawberry, a touch of cedar and an intriguing mix of light density yet grippy tannins that will shine even brighter in years to come. Drink 2018–2025."	Riserva	92	60	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cent'Anni 2010 Riserva Sangiovese (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sangiovese	Cent'Anni
Spain	"Spicy, bretty and leathery; this type of wine represents Ribera in a traditional, no-tricks light. Air only helps it show its best attributes, which revolve around meaty black fruit and herbal accents. It's chewy, sort of tannic and finishes with flavors of moss and jerky. Good for near-term consumption."	Castillo de Gormaz Crianza	87	20	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Gormaz 2004 Castillo de Gormaz Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Viña Gormaz
Argentina	"Horsey plum and pie cherry aromas include a whiff of latex gloves and Band-Aid. This feels rather raw and acidic, with bite. Salty sharp red-fruit flavors finish herbal, with tartaric shear."	[+]	84	11	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Julia 2016 [+] Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Julia
US	"Fragrant with floral notes, lemony fruit and hints of apricot, this is a tangy, textural take on Pinot Gris. Fermented in stainless steel and released young, it retains a bright and stylish profile right through a lingering finish, with a touch of sweetness."		92	17	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ponzi 2011 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Ponzi
US	"While obviously not a “cult” wine, this full-bodied bottling has just what the varietal should offer in terms of ripe fruit, spice, a firm and moderately tannic texture, and a mouthfilling presence. Its strengths lie in good balance, tempting layers of flavor and a lingering finish."		90	20	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	CULT 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	CULT
Italy	"Here's a blend of Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon that opens with aromas of cedar, ripe black-skinned fruit, grilled herbs and a whiff of mocha. The savory palate doles out fleshy plums, blackberries, chocolate, ground black pepper and licorice. Polished, ripe tannins support the juicy fruit flavors."	Roccato	90	57	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rocca delle Macìe 2011 Roccato Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Rocca delle Macìe
US	"This wine offers earthy funkiness and simple coconut and red currant notes, its structure somewhat muted and one-dimensional."	Hidden Block	84	65	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards 2013 Hidden Block Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards
US	"Sharp acidity makes this young wine a bit tart now. It has solid flavors of cherries, raspberries, bacon and smoky sandalwood, and is dry and silky. Decant for a few hours, or better yet, give it a year or two in the cellar."	Filigreen Vineyard	90	47	California	Anderson Valley				Segue 2007 Filigreen Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Segue
Spain	"Austere, green aromas are about as much as one can pull from the nose, while the palate is fresh and acidic, but lean. Flavors of lime, citrus and pith are zesty at first but pithy later on. Dull and strained, but not bad for Chardonnay from central Spain."		83	8	Northern Spain	Campo de Borja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Coto de Hayas 2008 Chardonnay (Campo de Borja)	Chardonnay	Coto de Hayas
US	Though only aged in 30% new oak—half French and half Hungarian—the wood is far out front here with notes of vanilla and butterscotch overtaking the cherry. It's light in style with vanilla flavors throughout.	Pheasant Vineyard	85	20	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Kyra 2010 Pheasant Vineyard Sangiovese (Wahluke Slope)	Sangiovese	Kyra
Israel	"Inky redviolet to the eye, this wine has a nose of chocolate covered espresso bean, cherry and raspberry. Restrained tannins provide a backdrop for flavors of black cherry, mocha, raspberry, and mint. There is a good balance of fruit and cooling herb flavors, while berry flavors hold their own and linger on the palate through the mint-heavy finish."		90	17	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Recanati 2014 Merlot (Galilee)	Merlot	Recanati
US	"Aromas are light, with notes of matchstick, herb and cherry. The cherry and plum flavors are sweet and generous, providing easy-drinking appeal."	Limited Release Kentucky Derby	87	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	14 Hands 2014 Limited Release Kentucky Derby Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	14 Hands
US	"A big wine, tannic and extracted in blackberry, blueberry and red currant flavors, with notes of bacon, mocha, black pepper and sandalwood. It shows plenty of class, but is still too young. Give until 2017 in the cellar."	Colson Canyon Vineyard	90	36	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Margerum 2011 Colson Canyon Vineyard Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Margerum
US	"Drink this charming Merlot now for its soft, sweet richness of fruit. With a touch of smoky oak, it shows cherry, red currant and mocha flavors that are wrapped into polished tannins."	Ranch Reserve	87	30	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma			Summers 2009 Ranch Reserve Merlot (Knights Valley)	Merlot	Summers
US	"Light and ethereal on the nose, this wine develops body and complexity on the palate, a mix of flavors defined by rose petal and strawberry-hull earthiness. Lengthy in acidity, it remains fresh and inviting in the glass and a good accompaniment to a meal."	Rosé of	90	27	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mira 2016 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Mira
US	"Green peppercorns give a hard edge to the blackberry, currant and anise flavors on this Cabernet. Despite firm tannins, the palate shows lots of finesse and has a rewardingly chewy mouthfeel. An interesting wine hinting at the promise of this appellation."		89	44	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast			Star Lane Vineyard 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Star Lane Vineyard
US	"Aaron Jackson blends extreme coastal vineyards from Cayucos, Cambria, Pismo Beach and San Simeon into this wondrous wine, which shows blackberries, black cherries, damp fennel and wisps of blood on the nose. Mashed plums and Bing cherries emerge on the palate, along with black olives, elderflowers and a coyote brush grip."	SeaFarer	93	38	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Aequorea 2013 SeaFarer Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Aequorea
US	"Almost all syrah with just a smidgeon of viognier (0.4%) added, it has notes of cherry, mint, and blackberry. Buttery oak spices (22% new French) accent sweet fruit flavors though a long, expressive finish."	Estate	89	30	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Abacela 2009 Estate Syrah (Umpqua Valley)	Syrah	Abacela
Israel	"Delicate aromas of toasted egg bread, baked apple and orange rind dance in the bouquet, while the brisk and effervescent mouth shows more red apple-skin flavor alongside acidic notes of pineapple core and lime zest. Balanced and refreshing."	Yarden Blanc de Blancs Brut	87	25	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Golan Heights Winery 2005 Yarden Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Galilee)	Chardonnay	Golan Heights Winery
Italy	"Quite tight at the present time, but there are distinct game and leather aromas and flavors. The structure is fine for a young Amarone but the short finish shows only earth tones and not much fruit. The acidity seems a bit high. Try it again in a few years."		86	50	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico				Bolla 1996  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	Bolla
France	"Based in the Côte des Blancs, this producer has made a soft, ripe style of Blanc de Blancs. It's smooth and creamy in texture, drinkable now with its hint of toastiness balanced by crisper apple flavors."	Grand Bouquet Blanc de Blancs Brut	89	72	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vazart Coquart & Fils 2010 Grand Bouquet Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Vazart Coquart & Fils
US	"Dark, dense with fruit flavor and thickly tannic, this full-bodied wine is a monument to concentration, ripeness and richness. Massive tannins are matched by huge jammy fruit, with a sense of layering and depth that is impressive and satisfying to experience."		92	20	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Freakshow 2014 Red (Lodi)	Red Blend	Freakshow
US	"It's all about richness in this flashy, ripe Pinot Noir. Raspberry pie, cola, sugared tea, honey and buttered toast flavors flood the mouth, and are fortunately balanced by crisp acidity."	Muns Vineyard	88	40	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Beauregard 2011 Muns Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Beauregard
Chile	"Road tar, hard spice, fennel and peppery red-berry aromas define the nose on this blend of Syrah, Cab Sauvignon and Carmenère. The mouthfeel is round, full and solid, while notes of herbs, spice and chocolate rest on top of earthy berry flavors. A long, oaky, lightly herbal finish is hot but sturdy."	Private Collection	89	30	Aconcagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Rio Alto 2010 Private Collection Red (Aconcagua Valley)	Red Blend	Rio Alto
US	"A bit edgy in tannins and with some green flavors, but not a bad Cabernet for the price. Dry and robust, it shows blackberry and currant flavors, with a touch of smoky oak."		84	8	California	California	California Other			Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi
US	"A trail of smoke wafts from start to finish on this dry, medium-bodied Chardonnay from Fox Run. Refreshing and lean on the palate with an abundance of fresh apple flavors, it's bright and clean with a lemony acidity that shines."	Reserve	85	13	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fox Run 2008 Reserve Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Fox Run
US	"Daffodils, lemon rinds and yellow apples rise on the nose of this bottling like a delicate flower petal. The palate is also finely toned, light in style and easy to enjoy, with hints of limestone, sea salt, Meyer lemon and Gravenstein apple."	Estate Bottled	92	27	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talley 2014 Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
US	"Murrietta's Well is a partnership between Phil Wente and Sergio Traverso devoted mostly to Bordeaux varieties. This red blend, along with a sister white, called The Whip, are new this vintage. The result is sound and structured with notes of both blue and blackberry, a little licorice, a little chocolate and some oaky tannins."	The Spur	87	25	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Murrieta's Well 2008 The Spur Red (Livermore Valley)	Red Blend	Murrieta's Well
Chile	"Generic but solid aromas of cassis and rubber lead to a basic palate with plum, currant, spice and herbal flavors. Drying tannins, a touch of toast and good overall balance define the finish."	Reserva	87	11	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Echeverria 2014 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Curicó Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Echeverria
Italy	"Bright and savory, this offers aromas of wild berry, lilac, baking spice and a whiff of menthol. On the palate, notes of grilled herb, coffee and aniseed accent the wild cherry core while chewy tannins offer support."	Piegaia	89	17	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Calcinaia 2012 Piegaia  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Villa Calcinaia
France	"In a piece of French wine shorthand, the new appellation of Saint-Bris takes in the old Sauvignon de Saint-Bris wines. The style, though, hasn't changed: an attractive, if rustic type, with crisp gooseberry and grapefruit flavors and a fresh burst of acidity. Screwcap."	Sauvignon de Saint-Bris	84	13	Burgundy	Saint-Bris		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Simonnet-Febvre 2007 Sauvignon de Saint-Bris  (Saint-Bris)	Sauvignon Blanc	Simonnet-Febvre
US	"Made from 89% Cabernet Sauvignon, 7% Malbec and 4% Petit Verdot and aged in 100% new oak for 20 months, this is a burly red wine with impressive structure and presence. Tangy red fruit, recalling cranberry and currant, is spiced with clove, mountain sage, bay leaf and molasses notes."	Reserve	91	100	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mount Veeder 2014 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mount Veeder
US	"Heavy and sweet, almost sugary in blackberry, currant and chocolate flavors, with a smoky, hot finish. A good wine that will appeal to those who like its candied taste."		86	80	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Bacio Divino 2008 Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Bacio Divino
US	"This has a surprising amount of vanilla cream in the flavors, plus soft, seductive raspberry fruit. The fruit comes from the oldest part of the Maresh vineyard—38-year-old self-rooted vines. The wine is a pale rose, yet substantial in the style of a classic Pinot from Eyrie. After some hours breathing it opens up with elegant, seductive aromas and some caramel streaks, delicate and perfectly proportioned."	Maresh Vineyard	94	50	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kelley Fox 2007 Maresh Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Kelley Fox
France	"A rich, Merlot-dominated wine, this is opulent and packed with blackberry fruits. It has a great structure of tannins and ripe fruitiness. Bitter chocolate and coffee flavors give an extra complexity. The wine is still young, still full of juicy fruit. Drink from 2019."		92	39	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lafleur du Roy 2014  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lafleur du Roy
US	"Here's a soft, fruity and sweet Cabernet, rich and spicy in raspberry, cherry and blackberry jam. Lots of new oak adds smoky vanilla and caramel notes. It's delicious, but pretty direct, lacking some complexity and structure."	Talianna	87	70	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Bell 2007 Talianna Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Bell
US	"With moderate alcohol, brisk acidity and sturdy tannins, this blend of undisclosed varieties brings to mind something from the south of France. It has herb, blackberry and currant flavors that smack of the summer sun."	Ever After	88	25	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Storyteller 2011 Ever After Red (Sonoma County)	Red Blend	Storyteller
Chile	"A solid blast of tropical and green fruits rises from the glass. The palate is sharp and citric at first, and then it opens and evolves to show grapefruit, lemon and tangerine flavors. If you like a crisp, steely style of Sauvignon, then give this refreshing wine a shot."	Reserva	87	10	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilcas 2007 Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Chilcas
US	This lightly aromatic Malbec has notes of plum and wood spice. The tannins are rustic and the flavors light.	Phinny Hill Vineyard	85	38	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Castillo De Feliciana 2010 Phinny Hill Vineyard Malbec (Horse Heaven Hills)	Malbec	Castillo De Feliciana
US	"Black cherry notes persist throughout this bluish-pink dry rosé. Ripe white peach, watermelon and plum flavors are punchy and fresh, marked by a razor-edged line of acidity."		87	16	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bouké 2014 Rosé (North Fork of Long Island)	Rosé	Bouké
US	"Lots of bang for the buck in this rich, fruity Chardonnay. It hits it right down the middle in solid popular appeal, with New World tropical fruit, citrus and peach flavors wrapped into a buttercream texture and liberally accented with smoky oak."	Reserve	90	25	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Martin Ray 2009 Reserve Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Martin Ray
New Zealand	"This taut, medium-bodied wine displays ample complexity on the nose in the form of mossy, mushroomy notes and red cherries. Those cherries are bright and crisp on the palate, then pick up touches of caramel or brown sugar on the finish. Drink now."	The Brothers	87	30	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Giesen 2011 The Brothers Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Giesen
Spain	"Stewy berry and melted chocolate aromas are ultra oaky and creamy. A tannic, heavy mouthfeel and borderline overripe flavors of prune, chocolate and tobacco finish raisiny and baked. Drink through 2020."	Crianza	89	30	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salcis 2010 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Salcis
Italy	"Fruit was picked later than normal and the Masseto Merlot does indeed show mature aromas of black cherry, ripe blackberry, earthy iron and polished stone. The intensity and purity are amazing and the wine is sophisticated, soft and very rich on the finish. It is already showing beautiful evolution in the glass."	Masseto	95	460	Tuscany	Toscana				Tenuta dell'Ornellaia 2005 Masseto Merlot (Toscana)	Merlot	Tenuta dell'Ornellaia
Italy	"This delightful wine opens with notes of blue flower and ripe red berries that carry over to the palate. It makes a warm, soft accompaniment to everyday fare such as hearty pastas or dense Tuscan soups."	Carbonile	86	17	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Massi di Mandorlaia 2012 Carbonile  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Massi di Mandorlaia
Spain	"Fresh and minerally, melon and peach aromas introduce the medium-bodied palate. Flavors of peach, melon and passion fruit finish clean and modest."	El Cerezo Unoaked	88	11	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castillo de Monjardin 2015 El Cerezo Unoaked Chardonnay (Navarra)	Chardonnay	Castillo de Monjardin
US	"Here's your basic California Chardonnay. With a buttery, creamy mouthfeel, the tropical fruit, peach and vanilla flavors finish with a simple, sugary opulence."		84	20	California	Sonoma County-Monterey County-Napa County	California Other			Ghost Pines 2012 Chardonnay (Sonoma County-Monterey County-Napa County)	Chardonnay	Ghost Pines
France	"Full in the mouth, this is a tight, caramel and red fruit flavored wine. It has tang and a textured character that suggests a light amount of tannin. With this nervy, mineral character, the wine could do with some aging. so wait a few months."	Clos Mireille	90	46	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Ott 2012 Clos Mireille Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaines Ott
US	"This is a rich, well-structured Cabernet, but such are the tannins that it needs time in the cellar. The cool vintage was kind to the Calistoga fruit, keeping the alcohol modest and the tannins hefty, while allowing the grapes to develop intense flavors of blackberry and black currant. Give it 6–8 years in a good cellar."		92	32	California	Calistoga	Napa			Summers 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Calistoga)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Summers
US	"Clean and classic aromas of dark-red fruit, from cherry to bramble, meet with candied rose petal and clove aromas on the nose of this appellation blend. The palate is led by allspice and dried mint, all packaged in a medium-bodied format."		91	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bernardus 2013 Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
South Africa	"This is a ripe and lush white, with bold aromas and flavors of mango, papaya and pineapple. The palate is round and a bit flat, followed by a short finish. Drink up."		84	14	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Beau Joubert 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Stellenbosch)	Sauvignon Blanc	Beau Joubert
US	"A thin, sharp attack pushes subdued flavors of stem, cherry and chocolate into a quick, tight finish. In some ways, this wine recalls the Eyrie releases of decades ago, and may prove to age well, as many of those wines did. For now, it's a hard stemmy wine with a bit of burn."	The Neo-Classical Objective	87	80	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	White Rose 2014 The Neo-Classical Objective Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	White Rose
US	"Primary, light fruit flavors of strawberry touched with herb. Not much else going on in this young, still raw and grapey wine."		84	24	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Righteous 2009 Malbec (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Malbec	Righteous
France	"This medium-weight rosé offers rich aromas and flavors of honeydew, hard strawberry and cherry, with additional hints of yellow flowers and garrigue herbs on the nose. Ample acidity keeps the palate fresh and lifted, finishing somewhat prickly and mouthwatering."	La Balade	89	20	Languedoc-Roussillon	Côtes de Thongue		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Domaine Montrose 2014 La Balade Rosé (Côtes de Thongue)	Rosé	Domaine Montrose
US	"This is 80% Cabernet Sauvignon blended with 16% Merlot and 4% Cabernet Franc. It shows a nice interplay of fruit and barrel with notes of cocoa, cherry, dry chocolate and toast supported by well-integrated tannins. The mid-palate still needs some time to fully come together but when it does, it will be a beauty."	Weinbau Vineyard	91	40	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Januik 2010 Weinbau Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Wahluke Slope)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Januik
France	"While there is a strong element of new wood in this wine, it also has plenty of ripe black fruits. So it makes a wine that is powerful, potentially complex in 4–5 years with richness and a solid, serious final character."		88	20	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Hyot 2010  Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Hyot
US	"This Pinot Noir-Syrah blend opens up with aromas of cherry compote, red currant, pencil shavings and roasted beets. It's extremely silky on the palate, with purple fruit, even blueberries present. The alcohol is not out of balance, thanks to a touch of bitterness."	Bistro	92	24	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cottonwood Canyon 2012 Bistro Red (Santa Maria Valley)	Red Blend	Cottonwood Canyon
Spain	"Ripe yet fresh aromas of black plum and cassis show notes of iodine and iron. This is exceedingly solid in feel, with a slight hint of bright acidity. Flavors of plum, blackberry and leather end in smooth fashion; drink through 2020."	Privat Parvus	91	25	Catalonia	Alella		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Alella 2014 Privat Parvus Syrah (Alella)	Syrah	Alta Alella
Germany	"Exotically floral and spicy, this delivers an intoxicating blend of exuberance and elegance. While delicately framed, the palate is rich, ripe and juicy, with sweet yellow-cherry and apricot flavors, and a slick of wax and honey. It's brisk and nervy, yet finishes remarkably long, with a swathe of green herbal tones."	Scharzhofberger Spätlese	93	30	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bischöfliche Weingüter Trier 2012 Scharzhofberger Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Bischöfliche Weingüter Trier
Spain	"A nicely made and easy to like kind of young Ribera red with clean, bold blackberry aromas and flavors that fit the wine's big, tannic structure. Composed on the back palate and beefy on the finish. Perfect for grilled meats. Drink now through 2012."	Viña Pilar Crianza	88	22	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Felix Callejo 2006 Viña Pilar Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Felix Callejo
France	"This is the second wine from Siaurac, generous and ripely fruity. It is packed with juicy blackberries, acidity and an open, generous character. With its fruit and soft tannins it needs no aging. Drink now."	Baronne de Siaurac	88	17	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Siaurac 2013 Baronne de Siaurac  (Lalande de Pomerol)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Siaurac
Italy	There's a hint of strawberry at the start that soon segues to savory aromas of cured meat and spice. The ripeness translates to the mouth where there's a touch of cherry. Age for five more years.		90	50	Piedmont	Barolo				Giacomo Fenocchio 2008  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Giacomo Fenocchio
France	"A ripe bold wine with generous black fruits, it is a blend of 80% Merlot and 20% Cabernet Franc. Dark and concentrated, it brings together rich fruitiness and firm tannins that will allow it to age. Drink from 2018. The wine comes from a vineyard that is currently in biodynamic conversion."		92	67	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château le Prieuré 2012  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château le Prieuré
Italy	"This sleek, easy-to-drink wine starts off with aromas of plum and lack cherry allied to subtle scents of sandalwood. The wood continues on the palate, but just as an accent—the emphasis is on the fruit."		87	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Valiano 2001  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Valiano
New Zealand	"Clean and fresh, with mineral undertones to the white grapefruit and fig flavors. Grassy upfront, providing that expected herbal edge. Drink now."		87	16	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Piko 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Piko
US	"This upper-tier label shows condensed strawberry fruit against an herbal backbone of marjoram, black cardamom, rainbow peppercorns, dried tobacco and green olive. The palate is tangy with woody fruits of elderberry and juniper, likely to thrive with age."	Rancho La Vina	92	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Potek 2013 Rancho La Vina Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Potek
US	"A good sense of concentration and depth make this medium-bodied wine taste big and satisfying without overdoing it. It has a very dark color, fruity and lightly spicy aromas, rich plum and black cherry flavors and rather mild tannins."	Big Red Blend No 33-1	88	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dark Horse NV Big Red Blend No 33-1 Red (California)	Red Blend	Dark Horse
France	"This wine is tight, textured and still young. With crisp, mineral acidity and bright citrus and white stone fruits, it needs to age to show its full, rich potential. Drink from 2018."		89	15	Burgundy	Mâcon La Roche Vineuse		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons des Terres Secrètes 2015  Mâcon La Roche Vineuse	Chardonnay	Vignerons des Terres Secrètes
Australia	"Despite ample alcohol levels and soft tannins, this wine comes across as tart and crisp on the palate, its cola, cherry and vanilla flavors ending on a lemony note."	Omrah	87	20	Western Australia	Great Southern		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Plantagenet 2010 Omrah Pinot Noir (Great Southern)	Pinot Noir	Plantagenet
Portugal	"Big, black and juicy, it manages to be both dense and structured and freshly fruity at the same time. With this combination promising great things, the wine is ripe and fragrant. The dark color from the Petit Verdot in the blend follows through to the firm texture while allowing room for refreshing juiciness. Drink from 2017."	Quinta de Pancas Grande Escolha	93	55	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Companhia das Quintas 2011 Quinta de Pancas Grande Escolha Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Companhia das Quintas
Spain	"There's no denying the wine's core strengths, which start with the bouquet's campfire and prune qualities and extend onto the palate, where peppy raspberry and plum flavors take over. This is a complete, stylish Rioja that's about halfway through the aging process. It's still juicy and agile, with licorice and raisin notes adding some sweetness. Drink now–2016."	Gran Reserva	90	38	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ramón Bilbao 1999 Gran Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Ramón Bilbao
US	"Cabernet Franc makes up two-thirds of this wine with the rest Merlot. It dazzles with aromas of flowers, red fruit and mineral that are followed by generous amounts of dark fruit along with cranberry-like acidity."	Bel Canto Cara Mia Vineyard	91	60	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cadence 2013 Bel Canto Cara Mia Vineyard Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cadence
US	"Put this Chardonnay in a blind tasting with Chards two or three times its price, and it will easily hold its own. It's dry, crisp and balanced, with a creamy mouthfeel framing Meyer lemon, lime, pineapple and papaya flavors. What a great price for such a sophisticated Chardonnay."		91	18	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Sonoma Cuvée 2012 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Sonoma Cuvée
US	"This fragrant confection smells like caramel and toasted French bread, and tastes like milk chocolate and cherries without the sugar. It is medium-bodied, very smooth in texture and almost sweet on the finish."	High Elevation	87	23	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Shannon Ridge 2012 High Elevation Cabernet Sauvignon (Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Shannon Ridge
US	"This seems sweet like a Port. It tastes like raspberry and cherry jam, with lots of heat from the alcohol."	1000 Vines	84	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Minassian-Young 2010 1000 Vines Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Minassian-Young
France	The wine is light and fruity—properly crisp with attractive acidity. The red fruits shine through the light texture and touch of spice creates a bright wine full of final fruitiness.	L'Ange et Luce	88	17	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jacourette 2016 L'Ange et Luce Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Jacourette
France	"Dark chocolate notes join acidity and ripe black fruit flavors. The wood is dominant in this relatively soft wine, although the fruit juiciness comes through well to finish."	Clos Tavannes	86	88	Burgundy	Santenay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Pousse d'Or 2009 Clos Tavannes  (Santenay)	Pinot Noir	Domaine de la Pousse d'Or
Chile	"Initially this Syrah-led blend is reduced and rubbery on the nose, with gritty notes, herbal berry and mineral vitamin-like scents. A full, chunky, generous palate is woody, lightly green and shows creamy oak and plum flavors in front of a smooth, lactic finish. This also contains Malbec and Petit Verdot."	Corralillo Winemaker's Blend	90	30	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matetic 2012 Corralillo Winemaker's Blend Red (San Antonio)	Red Blend	Matetic
US	"This is a wine built for the table, light bodied and meant to impress in dried herb, cedar and earthy compost. Dusty tannin and mellowed oak form a foundation upon which subtle cherry and plum are allowed to shine."		85	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rodney Strong 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rodney Strong
Israel	"A touch of carnation and dried date mingles with the typical dark fruit flavors. A touch of blueberry enters into the mix in the mouth, with approachable tannins and a peppery finish sealing the deal nicely."	Kosher	85	15	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Golan Heights Winery 2008 Kosher Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Golan Heights Winery
US	"Hailing from River Rock Vineyard in the Rocks District, this wine's black olive, green stem, potpourri, dark fruit and orange peel aromas are followed by silky feeling fruit and savory flavors. It keeps the interest high."	The Beautiful	93	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	K Vintners 2014 The Beautiful Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	K Vintners
US	"So sweet and strong in jammy blackberry fruit, this young Cabernet is hardly drinkable now. The vineyard is in the Oak Knoll District, and the wine shows the big tannins and fine acidity of this cooler part of Napa Valley. An obvious cellar candidate, it needs 6–8 years of bottle age to begin to mellow."	Reserve Block	93	68	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Ideology Cellars 2007 Reserve Block Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ideology Cellars
US	"Eucalyptus, Bay laurel and other herbal aromas dominate the nose of this wine, making way for black tea and cola flavors. Full-bodied and robustly ripe with powerful tannin, it's ultimately earthy and complex."	Pratt Vineyard Sexton Road	90	55	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Siduri 2015 Pratt Vineyard Sexton Road Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
Italy	"Coconut, black currant, toasted oak and grilled bell pepper lead the nose on this blend of Cabernet Franc, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot. The polished, full-bodied palate offers dried black cherry, raspberry, licorice and espresso framed in silky tannins."	Biserno	92	160	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta di Biserno 2012 Biserno Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta di Biserno
Italy	"Stewed prune and cake spice aromas lead the nose along with a balsamic note. Showing the intense heat of the vintage, the warm palate offers dried cherry, raisin, powdered sage and a hint of clove alongside polished tannins. Drink soon to capture the remaining fruit and freshness."	San Pietro Riserva	89	95	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Viberti 2011 San Pietro Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Viberti
US	"An appealing wine with notes of orange peel, citrus and red fruit. It's medium-bodied with lively citrus flavors that display a soft feel."	Anna Marie	89	18	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Valley View 2011 Anna Marie Tempranillo (Rogue Valley)	Tempranillo	Valley View
Italy	"This full-bodied red opens with aromas of mature plum, hay, underbrush and scorched earth. The ripe, juicy palate doles out layers of black cherry, strawberry, tobacco and cinnamon alongside chewy tannins. It's already enjoyable but will also age well for several years. Enjoy through 2019."	Tradizionale	90	60	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lunadoro 2011 Tradizionale  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Lunadoro
US	"Scents of fresh dill, toasted coconut and buttery pastry pair well with flavors of fresh apple, lemon and sea brine on this full-bodied Chardonnay. This is savory in style, with a slightly muted palate."		84	17	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Brooklyn Oenology 2009 Chardonnay (North Fork of Long Island)	Chardonnay	Brooklyn Oenology
US	"Green Valley vineyards figure prominently in this appellation wine, providing delicate, layered acidity and crisp, savory, succulent fruit. Cranberry, cherry and black tea flavors ripple through its bright texture, accented with clove, cola and cedar."		90	42	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Anaba 2014 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Anaba
Germany	"The faintest whiff of petrol adds a seductive mineral tone to bright, sweet honeyed peach and candied orange-peel notes on this penetrating Riesling. The palate bristles with acidity, intensifying juicy citrus flavors on the finish."	Bernkasteler Badstube Beerenauslese	94	50	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Pauly Bergweiler 2010 Bernkasteler Badstube Beerenauslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Pauly Bergweiler
US	"One of two wines from the same vineyard, a block apart with different clones (this one Entav 179), this all-varietal bottling features notes of orange peel and flowers mixing with jammy fruit and mocha. The plum flavors show pleasing purity and freshness, lingering on the finish."	Weinbau Vineyard Block 18	88	56	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Revelry 2012 Weinbau Vineyard Block 18 Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	Revelry
Portugal	"Aged for two years in wood, this ripe wine is rich and structured. It has the firm tannins and minerality typical of the Dão while also having balanced fruit and acidity. It is firm, although ripe, and ready to drink."	Reserva Tinto	88	12	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Borges 2013 Reserva Tinto Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Borges
US	"Young, thick in the mouth, and sweet in briary fruit, this Syrah could be a sleeper. It's really too jammy now, with its wealth of cherries, berries, currants, chocolate and pepper. Unless you like this kind of immediate fruity pleasure, give it a sleep in the cellar. Better after 2009."	Grist Vineyard	87	34	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Bradford Mountain 2005 Grist Vineyard Syrah (Dry Creek Valley)	Syrah	Bradford Mountain
France	"The nose is shy and does not want to show its fruit. The very frothy, light palate displays hints of ripe yellow apple and glints of citrus. This is balanced and shows its fruit reluctantly but comes together beautifully on the dry finish."	Struch Brut	88	45	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Ansen NV Struch Brut Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Ansen
France	"This is a wine that shows strong minerality but not much fruitiness. It has acidity, and is textured with a chalky mouthfeel, but the fruit character is subdued, making this a wine that is very crisp and tight."	Cuvée des Lys Brut Blanc de Blancs	87	85	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Philippe Fontaine NV Cuvée des Lys Brut Blanc de Blancs Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Philippe Fontaine
US	"This delightful rosé bursts open with ripe watermelon and strawberry scents and flavors. Highlights suggest candied rose petals, and the flavors continue into cherry soda and hints of pink peppercorn. It's a big bold fruity simply fabulous bottle."	Pinot Noir	91	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ponzi 2016 Pinot Noir Rosé (Willamette Valley)	Rosé	Ponzi
US	"This wine, which includes 17% Grenache, is a blend of fruit from Les Collines, Discovery and Riviere Galets vineyards. Smoked meat, dried herb and baking-spice aromas are followed by red-fruit flavors that display a sense of elegance."	Stakes Race	88	36	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Love That Red 2015 Stakes Race Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Love That Red
US	"A bit light in aromas, this appellation blend slowly shows dried cranberry, slight raspberry, juniper and wet earth. The clean but simple flavors surround iron, more dried cranberry and a pinch of dried herbs."		87	35	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sanford 2013 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Sanford
South Africa	"Berry, dark chocolate and coffee on the nose lead this exuberant red blend from Warwick. Bright fruit flavors and enticing spice on the palate are supported by a solid tannin structure and long finish. Lots of personality and certainly could age, but the wine is approachable now."	Estate Reserve	87	28	Stellenbosch			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Warwick 2005 Estate Reserve Red (Stellenbosch)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Warwick
Italy	"Aromas of ripe plum, violet, vanilla, toast and leafy underbrush come together on this is full-bodied red. The palate offers black cherry marinated in spirits, grilled porcini mushroom and dried aromatic herb alongside assertive tannins that leave a somewhat drying finish."		89	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Fabiano Calcinaia 2012  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	San Fabiano Calcinaia
Chile	"This early 2016 release smells like a scented sandalwood candle. In the mouth, things are sticky and scratchy, while olive and herbal berry flavors finish with little to no change."	Special Release Reserva	85	15	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2016 Special Release Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Curicó Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Aresti
Israel	"Dark ruby in color, this wine has a bouquet of black cherry, green pepper and pomegranate. Smooth tannins provide a backdrop for flavors of black cherry, cranberry, smoke and Mediterranean herbs that recede slightly on the bright cherry finish."	Adama	91	22	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Tabor 2011 Adama Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tabor
Chile	"Latex and spice aromas accent raw red-fruit scents of plum and currant. This feels citric, tangy and lean, with dry, spicy, lightly oaked red-plum and cherry pie flavors. Medicinal notes, racy red-fruit flavors and a hint of woodspice pace the finish."	Reserva	85	14	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Morandé 2014 Reserva Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Morandé
US	"This wine has more depth, volume and textural roundness than most of its peers in California, seasoning its ripe fruit flavors with the herb, leather and sage accents characteristic of the variety. It has good balance, complexity and a lingering finish that begs for another sip."	Mohr-Fry Ranch Block 433	90	30	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Masthead 2014 Mohr-Fry Ranch Block 433 Sangiovese (Lodi)	Sangiovese	Masthead
Germany	"Orange rind and exotic spices lend a mysterious appeal to ripe, rich flavors of melon, mango and peach on this intoxicating, unctuous Riesling. It's sunny and sweet on the palate, but tart tangerine acidity makes it refreshingly thirst quenching."	Wehlener Sonnenuhr Spätlese	93	48	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Joh. Jos. Prüm 2012 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Joh. Jos. Prüm
US	"Extremely pale in color and dilute in flavor, this might be reminiscent of watermelon, and could go down easily on a warm day. But there's not much here in the way of actual flavor."	Pinot Noir	83	18	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Harry & David 2015 Pinot Noir Rosé (Oregon)	Rosé	Harry & David
Germany	"Scents of tangerine peel and lanolin add a spicy complexity to intensely fruity, sweet peach and nectarine flavors on this gorgeously honeyed, yet easy-drinking Riesling. Striking lemon acidity and crushed stone notes add delicacy and nuance to the finish."	Ürziger Würzgarten Auslese	91	54	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Markus Molitor 2010 Ürziger Würzgarten Auslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Markus Molitor
Italy	"Made from 60% Nero d'Avola, 30% Alicante and 10% Nocera, this offers tobacco, violet and black cherry aromas. The savory palate delivers mature blackberry, carob and black pepper flavors alongside velvety tannins and fresh acidity. Enjoy through 2021."	Hierà	89	23	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Hauner 2015 Hierà Red (Terre Siciliane)	Red Blend	Hauner
US	"Great structure and balance, among the finest in the world, with all the pedigree that terroir brings to Cabernet. But vintage rules. This harvest, the wine is lean in fruit, with a pepper and sage profile."		87	30	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Mount Eden Vineyards 2000 Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mount Eden Vineyards
US	"A rough-and-tumble style, full throttle, with throat-burning cherry fruit, chocolate and plenty of alcohol."	Howling Wolfe	85	20	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Thurston Wolfe 2009 Howling Wolfe Zinfandel (Horse Heaven Hills)	Zinfandel	Thurston Wolfe
France	"Produced from organically grown grapes, this is a ripe, easy and fruity wine. It has light tannins, juicy black-currant fruit and acidity. It is still young, showing off its fruitiness and will be ready to drink soon, from early 2017."		86	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Champ du Moulin 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Champ du Moulin
France	"This is a structured wine, juicy with black-currant fruit and acidity. It will develop quickly, softening its tannins and filling out with ripe fruit. Drink from 2018."	Fleur du Roc	86	25	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cheval Quancard 2015 Fleur du Roc  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cheval Quancard
Portugal	"This rare blend of Cabernet, Syrah, Petit Verdot and Touriga Nacional works surprisingly well, emphasizing tannic structure rather than fruit. The acidity of the Cab is what keeps it from being heavy, while the dense color and herbal flavors show its southern warmth and richness. Dried plums and fresh acidity to finish."	Amantis	89	27	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dona Maria 2004 Amantis Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Dona Maria
US	"This is just barely drinkable, with modest blackberry fruit. It's hot and Port-like, right through the raisiny finish."		80	36	California	York Mountain	Central Coast			Calcareous 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (York Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Calcareous
Italy	"Made predominantly from Pinot Nero and with no added dosage, this sparkling wine delivers aromas of acacia flower, toasted almond and honey that carry over to the palate. It has a fine perlage and a bone-dry finish."	Francesco Iacono Dosaggio Zero Riserva	89	90	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Crespia 2006 Francesco Iacono Dosaggio Zero Riserva Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Villa Crespia
US	"This excellent Syrah captures much of the depth and complexity of higher priced bottles. Boysenberry fruit provides a concentrated core of flavor and rings of licorice, earth, coffee, smoke and vanilla circle through the lingering finish. Tannins are a bit on the crunchy side."	She-Devil	90	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bergevin Lane 2011 She-Devil Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Bergevin Lane
Argentina	"Earthy, mossy, cedary aromas of berry fruits come with spice and coffee notes. This is fairly high in tartaric acid, so it scrapes across the palate. Quick-passing flavors of wild berry fruits and plum are toasty and lightly herbal, while the finish on this Cabernet Sauvignon blend is tight, spicy and grating in feel. Drink through 2022."	Enzo Bianchi	91	55	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2012 Enzo Bianchi Red	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Valentin Bianchi
US	"Fresh and tempting, this has a hot-pink color and flavors like watermelon and cherry. With medium body and even a light touch of tannin, it's more meaty than many rosés, so you can serve it with the meal as well as for an apéritif."	Estate	89	25	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Las Positas 2014 Estate Rosé (Livermore Valley)	Rosé	Las Positas
US	"Boisterous floral notes on the nose lead to a palate that's chock-full of penetrating mango, yellow peach and melon flavors. Not quite dry as labeled, but it's delightfully quaffable with sprightly tangerine-tinged acidity."	Dry	87	19	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Belhurst 2011 Dry Riesling (Seneca Lake)	Riesling	Belhurst
US	"This is a nice, easy-drinking Merlot, but it also has enough complexity to pair with a good cut of meat. It's dry and shows stylishly fine tannins that frame rich flavors of blackberries, cherries, licorice and cola."		88	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Bell 2006 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Bell
Bulgaria	"Aromatically, this Bulgarian Riesling is quite pretty with loads of freshly pressed apples, elderflowers and Meyer lemon scents. Light bodied and dry with a racy acidity, its palate is austere but has some muted floral and honeydew flavors."		85	9	Bulgaria			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Targovishte 2009 Riesling (Bulgaria)	Riesling	Targovishte
US	"Bold and very woody, this full-bodied wine takes charred oak, pine needle and aromatic cedar aromas through to ripe plum, licorice and black-cherry flavors. It stays smooth in texture, with a layer of fine tannins but otherwise is soft in mouthfeel."		87	22	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Lodi Estates 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lodi Estates
Spain	"This has already past its sell-by date. The color is tan and maderized, while the nose is soft and mushy, with raisiny aromas. Like the nose, this is flabby and past its prime in the mouth, with a bland, bitter finish."	Viña Rubican	80	10	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Corellanas 2011 Viña Rubican Rosé (Navarra)	Rosé	Bodegas Corellanas
US	"Soft, smoky oak permeates this full-bodied wine, with light clove and cinnamon accents. The rich layers of blackberry and black currant fruit are complemented by mocha notes."	Lot 604	88	35	California	Coombsville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cameron Hughes 2014 Lot 604 Cabernet Sauvignon (Coombsville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cameron Hughes
US	"Smooth and chocolaty, this blend of grapes from Columbia Valley vineyards is drinking at its peak. The mix of black fruits, coffee grounds, toast and chocolate is balanced, with no sharp edges. The barrel flavors are delicious, though ultimately they may overwhelm the fruit. Seductive and delicious."		91	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sineann 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sineann
US	"This single vineyard cuvée has a lovely purity of expression. It's Fred Astaire in a bottle, with sculpted smooth apple fruit that glides across the palate. Dotted with light hints of baking spices, it finishes with a lush lingering pat of butter."	Ribbon Ridge Estate	92	49	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2015 Ribbon Ridge Estate Chardonnay (Ribbon Ridge)	Chardonnay	Trisaetum
France	"An appropriately rich wine, full, toasty and dense. The fruit is beautifully balanced with ripe acidity, just a touch of spice, citrus and an opulent, full-bodied character. It will certainly age, but is already very drinkable."		93	80	Burgundy	Corton-Charlemagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison Jessiaume 2008  Corton-Charlemagne	Chardonnay	Maison Jessiaume
US	"Welcoming bubblegum, key lime, grass and cement aromas check many Sauvignon Blanc boxes in this widely available and reliable bottling. The palate leads with decent structure, but then ripeness prevails, with peach and more bubblegum notes."		87	17	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Slow Press 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Monterey County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Slow Press
France	"Black currant fruits dominate this ripe, stalky wine that has young tannins and a smoky cedar character that comes from light wood aging. It's dry, firm and ready to drink."		85	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Briot 2011  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Briot
US	"This is a rich, spicy and lush-fruited rosé. Its palate-pleasing tangle of citrus, peach and light tropical fruit is fresh, forward and inviting. It spent five months in neutral oak and is ready for immediate enjoyment."	Vin Rosé de	90	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Aubichon Cellars 2016 Vin Rosé de Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Aubichon Cellars
US	"An oaky, full-bodied, warm-climate Chardonnay with long lingering flavors of vanilla and coconut, as well as ripe apple crisp."	Para Mas Amigas	85	24	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wood Family Vineyards 2011 Para Mas Amigas Chardonnay (Livermore Valley)	Chardonnay	Wood Family Vineyards
New Zealand	"Seems a bit on the woody side for now, boasting aromas of dark roasted coffee backed by hints of plummy fruit. The cedary, coffee-tinged oak continues on the palate, where it imparts a slightly dry, tannic edge to this otherwise supple, rounded wine. Give it a year or two to see if the oak integrates with time."		86	23	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Grove Mill 2007 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Grove Mill
Spain	"Gritty berry and olive aromas are woodsy and a touch flat. This feels full and grabby, while flavors of tea, herbal blackberry, salt and roasted meat finish blackened and peppery, with a toasty element that gets more pronounced the longer this sits. Drink through 2022."	Crianza	90	30	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valtravieso 2012 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Red Blend	Valtravieso
US	"This is one of the better California Tempranillos out there. It's delicate and silky on the palate, and earthy despite rich raspberry and cherry fruit. Balanced with crisp acidity and a scour of dusty tannins, it's complex enough to enjoy with a great steak, especially with mushrooms. A consistent followup to the winery's 2010."		89	27	California	California	California Other			Straight Line 2011 Tempranillo (California)	Tempranillo	Straight Line
Portugal	"This perfumed old-vine field blend is rich and stylish. It has weight without power, a fine combination of lively red fruit and firm tannins, and will age well for years. Drink from 2019."	Lua Cheia em Vinhas Velhas	90	14	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2015 Lua Cheia em Vinhas Velhas Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
US	"Herbes de Provence, lavender soap and baked cherry scents meld with a background of desiccated black fruit. Medium to full in body, this bears brawny tannins and assertive acids, making it a great wine to pair with hearty dishes like sausage-studded Catalonian bean stew."	La Dolce Vita Piemontese	87	29	Virginia	Virginia				Three Fox 2010 La Dolce Vita Piemontese Nebbiolo (Virginia)	Nebbiolo	Three Fox
US	"Yellow cherry and blossom notes soften the bracing lemon-lime backbone in this light-footed dry Riesling. Crisp honeydew and quince flavors are sprightly and bright, finishing brisk and clean."	Dry	87	17	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hazlitt 1852 Vineyards 2013 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Hazlitt 1852 Vineyards
Chile	"Chunky on the bouquet, with soft apple and melony aromas. Feels fleshy, round and a bit chunky, with white pepper, fresh-picked asparagus and melony flavors. Feels just tangy enough on the finish. Well made for under $10."		86	9	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Elias 2011 Chardonnay (Central Valley)	Chardonnay	San Elias
US	"Biodynamically farmed, this young vineyard seems to improve with each new vintage. More and more you find an expression of soil details—delicate streaks of dried leaf, moist loam, a flavor of clay. The fruit is refined and perfectly ripe, without being fleshy. An elegant style, cellar-worthy but delicious already."	Schindler Vineyard	92	42	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sineann 2009 Schindler Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sineann
US	"Thirst-quenching, lean and tangy, it would make a good match with shucked oysters. It shows lemon and green apple aromas, plus fresh and crisp citrus flavors. Medium in body, the texture is pleasantly lean while the finish is refreshing."	Estate	88	10	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Clos du Lac 2013 Estate Sauvignon Blanc (Amador County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Clos du Lac
Italy	"This savory blend of 70% Nero d'Avola and 30% Syrah opens with aromas ripe blackberry, sour cherry and wild strawberry that all carry over to the palate alongside hints of black pepper and cocoa. The juicy fruit is balanced by smooth, supple tannins."	Hedonis	90	30	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Feudo Arancio 2011 Hedonis Red (Terre Siciliane)	Red Blend	Feudo Arancio
Italy	"This opens with simple fruit tones of cherry and cassis backed by evolved aromas of spice, leather and cola. It shows impressive purity and a long, silky finish."	Vigna Basarin	90	52	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Giacosa Fratelli 2009 Vigna Basarin  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Giacosa Fratelli
US	"Green apples, apple blossoms, fresh Meyer lemon, tangerine skin and a bit of chalk show on the complex nose of this bottling, which is boosted by 5% Viognier. The flavors are fairly light, with energetic lime juice, apple flesh and tart apple skins in the midpalate."		88	25	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	McKinney 2014 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	McKinney
Italy	"Leafy underbrush, espresso, baked plum, menthol and toast aromas slowly emerge. The straightforward palate offers ripe Morello cherry, star anise and chopped herb while assertive tannins clench the abrupt finish. Give the tannins some time to unfurl then drink up."	Sassocheto	87	58	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Grappolo 2011 Sassocheto  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Il Grappolo
US	"Light, spicy aromas like vanilla and nutmeg and ripe, full blackberry and cherry flavors come with a soft texture and almost sweet balance. This has lots of flavor with medium body and without drying tannins and acidity. The winemaker blended in 10% Syrah and 5% Petite Sirah."		87	25	California	Red Hills Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Vigilance 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Hills Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vigilance
US	"Fresh, fruity cranberry and raspberry flavors penetrate through this vivaciously brisk blend of Cabernet Franc and Lemberger. It's fairly straightforward in style, but hints of herb and bramble lend a savory complexity to the midpalate. The finish is moderately long, marked by a spray of fine tannins."	Cabernet Franc-Lemberger	87	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Anthony Road 2013 Cabernet Franc-Lemberger Red (Finger Lakes)	Red Blend	Anthony Road
Chile	"A zesty wine with more zap and tang than one might expect. That said, it's solid as a rock, with intense flavors of cherry, plum, carob and oak. Call it a bit obtuse, if you will. But even with woody finishing notes of vanilla and cream, this settles on fruit more so than the barrel. Carmenère (78%) with Syrah and Carignan."	Amplus One	90	19	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2005 Amplus One Red (Cachapoal Valley)	Red Blend	Santa Ema
Chile	"A bit hot and crusty on the nose, with black fruit and herbal notes of olive and bramble. The palate is full but hard as nails, with a tannic bite that is wicked like a shark. Flavors are full and drying due to the tannins, with herbal accents. Finishing flavors of coffee and spice cement its dark, muscular status."	Cuvée	87	20	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Misiones de Rengo 2008 Cuvée Cabernet Sauvignon (Rapel Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Misiones de Rengo
US	"Deep strawberry, blackberry, black olive and oregano show on the nose of this bottling that comes from a vineyard 1,100 feet above the town of Saratoga. The 100% American oak treatment makes for a savory sip, with bay leaf, white pepper, cracked peppercorn and olive, all bone dry and mouth-drying in tannins."	Lonehawk Vineyard	91	42	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	La Honda Winery 2012 Lonehawk Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Cabernet Sauvignon	La Honda Winery
France	"With fruit from the chalk vineyards of the Côte des Blancs, this wine named after Alain Thiénot's son Stanislas is tightly textured, mineral-driven, steely and crisp. Apple skins and lime juice feature along with a continuing freshness despite the wine's age. It can be enjoyed now, although it will be better from 2017."	Cuvée Stanislas Blanc de Blancs Brut Millesimé	92	100	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Thiénot 2006 Cuvée Stanislas Blanc de Blancs Brut Millesimé Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Thiénot
US	"An exotic Cabernet at a great price. Shows classically ripe Napa fruit and tannins, a big, full-bodied and dramatic wine with blackberry and black currant flavors. The addition of 25% Syrah adds a peppery, teriaki beef spiciness and meatiness that's most welcome. Now–2014."		91	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Fuse 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fuse
US	"This is 100% Riesling, but with less than half the residual sugar of the winery's 2011 vintage. Sourced from the Evergreen Vineyard in the up-and-coming Ancient Lakes AVA, it has great acidity and purity of fruit, along with the minerality for which the region is known. Dense flavors of lime, grapefruit and pineapple are at the core of this wonderfully concentrated, expressive Riesling."	The Magician Evergreen Vineyard White Wine	93	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sleight of Hand 2012 The Magician Evergreen Vineyard White Wine Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Sleight of Hand
South Africa	"From a producer of famed whites comes a beautiful Cabernet with an elegant, poised character. Mint, clove and deep berry on the nose are followed on the palate, where balanced tannins and spice offer serious flavor. The overall character is rich but softer, making it a lovely food wine."		88	20	Constantia			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Groot Constantia 2003 Cabernet Sauvignon (Constantia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Groot Constantia
Germany	"Kirsten's Feinherb, or gently sweet bottling, maintains a firm foundation of stoniness, but also embraces softer, less angular dimensions of spring blossom and peach. High-toned acidity brighten and lifts the palate through a long finish. Drink now through 2021."	Feinherb	90	22	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Kirsten 2014 Feinherb Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Kirsten
US	"This offers a core of dense, rich fruit that's fairly intense, swirls of vanilla and baked apple tart come mostly to mind. The intensity builds up midpalate before lurking off the tongue on the finish."		87	40	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chasseur 2012 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Chasseur
US	"A big Cabernet, showing the dramatic mouthfeel that well-made Napa Cabernet always has. It's full bodied, dry and softly tannic, with classic blackberry and currant flavors. Should hold in the bottle for about six years."	Parady Vineyard	89	59	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kasuari 2010 Parady Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kasuari
Spain	"Quite ripe for a traditional crianza. The bouquet starts out on the stewy side but soon sheds its weight to reveal flavors of blackberry, black cherry and earth. The mouthfeel is a bit creamy due to the wine's mild oak and overall ripeness. Drink now through 2010."	Viña Real Crianza	88	18	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	CVNE 2004 Viña Real Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	CVNE
South Africa	"An enticing herbal streak is often identifiable in Thelema's wines, and this is no exception, with hints of menthol, fynbos, tobacco and fig leaf, as well as a gamy accent in the background. There's plenty of fruit to mingle with these earthy tones—flavors of black plum, currant and a touch of fig paste all abound on the palate."		87	29	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Thelema 2009 Merlot (Stellenbosch)	Merlot	Thelema
Italy	"This shows delicate floral aromas along with dominant bell pepper and sawdust sensations. The palate is dominated by oaky flavors of roasted coffee beans and espresso, giving the wine an anonymous personality and style."		85	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Montecchio 2010  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Fattoria di Montecchio
US	"This is a pretty Pinot that's light and silky on the palate, and comforting in its moderate alcohol and spicy, exotic flavors. It offers waves of wild forest berry pie, baking spice, sweet-and-sour persimmon and sandalwood flavors that are intriguingly complex. Absolutely delightful now."		92	49	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2011 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
US	"This wine, from a newly acquired property, is tart and young, grapy almost, with the fruit a little reduced. The wine seems to be in hiding. It falls off in the middle and finishes with tannin and little else. This may just need more time in bottle to blossom."	Mustang Springs	86	26	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Peachy Canyon 1998 Mustang Springs Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Peachy Canyon
Argentina	"This firm and dark Cabernet features notes of charcoal, smoke and plenty of berry on the bouquet. Clampy tannins and staunch acidity make for a lively, structured palate, with a saturated berry flavor and a vanilla shading. It is ripe and modern, providing proof that Argentina can make excellent Cabernet in addition to Malbec."		90	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Siesta Wines 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Siesta Wines
US	"Made from 100% Cabernet, this is a great house wine for the price. It's dry, full-bodied and tannic, with proper black currant, blackberry, mocha and oak flavors. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced."		86	9	California	California	California Other			Alias 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alias
Portugal	"This is a strongly mineral wine, textured and rich at the same time, with fine acidity. Blackberry fruit dominates the palate, with rich tannins and cool freshness. It tastes of terroir, a true Dão from the granite soils. Drink from 2016."	Somontes Reserva	91	18	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa da Passarella 2009 Somontes Reserva Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Casa da Passarella
US	"Flavors of candied lemon, lime and pineapple are brightened by crisp acidity in this unoaked  Sauvignon Blanc. The wine reflects this cool-climate Monterey appellation with its clean, brisk character."		85	16	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Mercy 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Arroyo Seco)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mercy
France	"This crisp wine is packed with delicious fruit and balanced acidity. It shows some of the richness of the vintage, but goes more in a tangy, mineral direction. With lively acidity, it is refreshing and ready to drink."		90	23	Burgundy	Pouilly-Vinzelles		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2015  Pouilly-Vinzelles	Chardonnay	Joseph Drouhin
Spain	"Apple skin and generic berry aromas lead to a tangy, thin palate with little substance. Flavors include citrus and cranberry, with a green note. A finish of scouring acidity and residual tang makes this fresh but nothing more."	Rosado	82	10	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Valdemar 2013 Rosado Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Bodegas Valdemar
New Zealand	"The blend is 44% Merlot, 33% Cabernet Sauvignon and 22% Malbec. The result is a medium- to full-bodied wine with firm structure that should drink well through 2020. Leather, earth and plum notes pick up hints of black olive and espresso on the finish."	Gimblett Gravels Merlot-Cabernet Sauvignon-Malbec	90	19	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Esk Valley 2011 Gimblett Gravels Merlot-Cabernet Sauvignon-Malbec Red (Hawke's Bay)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Esk Valley
US	"Almost equal parts Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec with the balance Merlot, it comes off as quite green and strongly herbal along with notes of green tea and cherry. It's soft in feel and quite tart."	Consonance	84	32	Washington	Rattlesnake Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cairdeas 2010 Consonance Red (Rattlesnake Hills)	Red Blend	Cairdeas
France	"A Cabernet Sauvignon-dominated wine, packed with tannins and flavors of new wood. The black fruits are rich from the vintage, warm and jammy. This is a wine with fine concentration, coming into balance, finishing with black currant acidity."		91	85	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Ségur de Cabanac 2009  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Ségur de Cabanac
US	"A bone-dry Chardonnay for drinking now. This shows great structure, with a keen cut of acidity that brightens the mineral-driven orange and pineapple flavors."		90	22	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			La Crema 2010 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	La Crema
US	"Stainless steel fermented and aged Chardonnay (eg ‘naked') is becoming commonplace, but few offer as much snap and juicy fruitiness as this one. It's a great, round mouthful of grape juice, crisp green apple and suggestions of pineapple and citrus. A little fresh herb rounds out the finish."	Naked	88	11	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ryan Patrick 2009 Naked Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Ryan Patrick
US	"Sour cherry, toasted baguette and baking spices fill the aroma. Black cherry and pomegranate nuances animate the flavors, while full body and a plush but slightly tannic texture give this excellent wine nice heft. It will be best after 2016."	Weir Vineyard	91	48	California	Yorkville Highlands	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Spell 2012 Weir Vineyard Pinot Noir (Yorkville Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Spell
France	"From one of a pair of châteaux, both with Braude in the name and both owned by Château Mongravey in Margaux, this perfumed and fruity wine has ripe fruits that are now becoming mature. Soft tannins and juicy berry fruits are still fresh. Drink now and until 2020."		89	45	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Braude Fellonneau 2012  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Braude Fellonneau
Germany	"Deep veins of citrus—white grapefruit, lemon and lime—pulsate through this vibrant, spine-tingling Riesling. It's delicately framed, glazed by a sheen of honey and hibiscus nectar, yet remarkably complex, touched by pollen and dusty mineral tones. Juicy and thirst quenching yet deeply satisfying."	Bernkasteler Badstube Spätlese Grosse Lage	93	35	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		S.A. Prüm 2013 Bernkasteler Badstube Spätlese Grosse Lage Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	S.A. Prüm
France	This ripe wine has spice as well as red-berry fruits. Good acidity combines with light tannins to deliver a balanced wine with a mineral edge that should age for a few more months. Drink from 2017.		86	22	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Alban Roblin 2014  Sancerre	Pinot Noir	Domaine Alban Roblin
Australia	"This paints a true picture of Margaret River in its sage and bay leaf shadings and concentrated cassis fruit. It's all framed by hints of vanilla and toasty oak, but the emphasis remains on dried herbs and fruit through the long, mouthwatering finish. Drink now–2030."		93	29	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Xanadu 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Margaret River)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Xanadu
US	"This blend of Grenache (72%), Syrah (14%) and Mourvèdre offers aromas of barnyard, red cherries, flowers and spices. It's tangy and full flavored, displaying good richness but it doesn't all come together."	Una Note	86	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	:Nota Bene 2011 Una Note Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rhône-style Red Blend	:Nota Bene
Australia	"This has all the touchstones of good Chardonnay: just enough body and richness, apple, pineapple and melon fruit flavors and a crisp, citrusy finish. Solid Chardonnay for under $10."	Morse Code	87	9	South Australia	Padthaway		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Henry's Drive Vignerons 2009 Morse Code Chardonnay (Padthaway)	Chardonnay	Henry's Drive Vignerons
US	"Winemaker Laurent Montalieu has outdone himself with the fruit from this heritage vineyard. Silky and deep, with a luscious mix of berries, it's a supple, seductive Pinot, wrapped in sleek layers of spicy, toasty oak."		92	35	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hyland 2009 Pinot Noir (McMinnville)	Pinot Noir	Hyland
France	"A solid wine with firm tannins, this has structure as well as black-currant acidity. It still has a dry core although this will certainly soften over the next few months. It has the potential to be a ripe fruity wine from early 2018."	Bordeaux By Boyd-Cantenac	88	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison Bouey 2015 Bordeaux By Boyd-Cantenac  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Maison Bouey
France	"A touch of reduction clings to the nose, masking the fruit. On the palate, however, lemon and crisp green apple freshness prevail, carried by a soft lively mousse. This is dry, light and has a lovely backdrop of yeasty autolytic notes and a very clean finish."	Blanc de Blancs	89	25	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Boeckel 2015 Blanc de Blancs Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Boeckel
Germany	"Hints of lanolin and honeycomb accent bright lemon zest and grapefruit aromas on this dry, yet intensely juicy Riesling. On the palate, squirts of yuzu and lime add tang to pristine honeydew flavors. Finishes moderately long with a murmur of wet stones and crushed minerals."	Rüdesheim Trocken	89	44	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		August Kesseler 2012 Rüdesheim Trocken Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	August Kesseler
Spain	"Black cherry and berry jam aromas bring a touch of raisin as well. The palate is mostly fresh and zesty, with medium weight and intensity along with crisp red plum and raspberry flavors. Tight, mildly acidic and a bit toasty on the finish."	Viña Alarde	86	11	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Berberana 2009 Viña Alarde  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Berberana
US	"This medium-bodied wine has earthy, almost salty aromas, good acidity, herb and melon flavors and a fresh mouthfeel. Its sea-breeze character suggests seafood as a good pairing."	Unoaked	85	34	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Passaggio 2014 Unoaked Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Passaggio
France	"This blend of 50% Grenache, 25% Syrah and 25% Mourvèdre is reasonably light in body. The notes of crushed stone, berries, citrus and spice pick up a hint of brine on the palate, then finish tart and cleansing."		87	13	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château Roustan 2016 Rosé (Costières de Nîmes)	Rosé	Château Roustan
US	"Sweet and simple, with strong, honeyed flavors of pineapples, peaches, green apples, vanilla and buttered popcorn. Crisp, coastal acidity fortunately provides balance."		84	12	California	Monterey	Central Coast			Hess Select 2008 Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	Hess Select
Spain	"A mix of floral and schisty cherry, raspberry and strawberry aromas are subtle, elegant and reserved. This blend of Garnacha and Syrah is fresh, but with a touch of jammy weight. Flavors of minerally plum and red currant are supported by oak and vanilla notes, while the finish is tight, racy and peppery in flavor. Drink through 2018."	Finca L'Argatà	90	31	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Joan D'Anguera 2012 Finca L'Argatà Red (Montsant)	Red Blend	Joan D'Anguera
US	"This wine, from a label named after one of the state's wine pioneers, is Chardonnay in the traditional California style—done exceedingly well. Aromas of caramelized apples and butterscotch lead into a palate full of apple flesh, vanilla custard and sea salt, yet with enough pithy acidity to keep the mouth watering."	Reserve	92	40	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Martin Ray 2013 Reserve Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Martin Ray
Italy	"This blend of Chardonnay (that sees some time in barrique) and Insolia offers deep and sophisticated notes of exotic fruit, chalky mineral and toasted hazelnut. This interesting combination works very well and the wine ends with pretty flavors of spice and almond."	Bidis	88	35	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Valle dell'Acate 2006 Bidis White (Sicilia)	White Blend	Valle dell'Acate
US	"From the legendary Hyde, a source since 1996, this vintage continues the greatness of the prior years, showing depths of fresh dirt and spice. Stewy damson plum, blackberry and black cherry provide succulent complex, ripe flavors accented in vanilla and cinnamon. The acidity is mouthwatering."	Hyde Vineyard	93	75	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Patz & Hall 2014 Hyde Vineyard Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Patz & Hall
Spain	"Forced oak and modest red-fruit aromas are good enough to draw you in. This feels snappy, with cheek-puckering acidity. Tart red-fruit flavors of plum and currant are woody but honest, while the wine's initial forced oak character settles down on the finish."	Varietales	86	11	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Baron De Ley 2014 Varietales  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Baron De Ley
US	"This wine strikes a balance between crispness and fullness as it offers tart green apple aromas, richer, riper apple and Bosc pear flavors and a texture that's more rounded than sharp."	Big Valley	88	19	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Pech Merle 2016 Big Valley Sauvignon Blanc (Lake County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Pech Merle
US	"This is a bold but well-balanced wine, with densely fruity aromas, and appealing flavors of pomegranate and blueberry. A layer of fine tannins adds a grippy mouthfeel, making it great with a roast chicken or grilled lamb chop."	Small Lot Blend	88	13	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Parducci 2013 Small Lot Blend Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendocino County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Parducci
New Zealand	"Central Otago Pinot Noir doesn't come along very often at this price. This medium-weight, peppery wine doesn't show a ton of fruit, but does deliver some pleasantly spicy complexity and a mouthwatering chocolaty finish. Drink now."	Run 245	86	30	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Pisa Range 2011 Run 245 Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Pisa Range
US	"Although there's a lot of ripe blackberry jam, black currant and chocolate flavors, it's a little on the simple side. Ready to drink now."	Estate	86	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kuleto Estate 2008 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kuleto Estate
US	"Simple, no frills, lightly tasting of wild blackberries, this every- day Cabernet Sauvignon mixes in small amounts of Syrah, Merlot and a splash of Lemberger. It is crisp, varietal, and well-balanced."		86	9	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hogue 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hogue
US	"This light and earthy wine has plenty of fruit flavor and funky, spicy accents. Its light texture and soft tannins make it easy to sip."	Les Côtes De L'Ouest	88	20	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Terre Rouge 2014 Les Côtes De L'Ouest Syrah (California)	Syrah	Terre Rouge
France	"This is a rounded full-bodied wine that has red-fruit fleshiness as well as fine tannins for the future. It comes from 70-year-old vines on the southeast facing slopes that make up Volnay's Premier Cru vineyards. Rich in black fruits and dark smoky tannins, the wine also has intense young acidity. Drink this impressive wine from 2020."	Champans Premier Cru	93	106	Burgundy	Volnay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Henri Delagrange 2014 Champans Premier Cru  (Volnay)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Henri Delagrange
US	"Elegant and complex, this conjures up scents and accents of breakfast tea, black cherry, cassis and cut tobacco. It's tart and sappy, with youthful verve and refreshing acidity. Drink now through 2025."	Elizabeth's Reserve	92	60	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Adelsheim 2013 Elizabeth's Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Adelsheim
US	"Flavors of baked strawberry and raspberry provide a concentrated richness to this wine, accented by earthy, subtle baking spice. Layered in well-managed tannins, it offers substantial body without the weight, staying structured on the palate, before an intensity of oak and more spice bursts on the finish."	Stars	91	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	VML 2012 Stars Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	VML
US	"From the heart of Oakville, this is a velvety thick wine, supple in tannin and integrated oak that offers a ying-yang of rich mocha notes and herbal sage."	Symphonia	88	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Levendi 2014 Symphonia Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Levendi
US	"Crisp with peach and apricot goodness, this full-bodied white's gravelly texture works to its advantage, providing both steely acidity and grip. That grit becomes velvety smooth as the wine opens in the glass, making it irresistibly seductive and inviting."		93	58	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Parallel 2014 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Parallel
Italy	"This opens with subdued aromas of dark berry, cake spice, espresso and a whiff of pressed violet. On the straightforward palate, hints of white pepper and star anise add depth to dried morello cherry while solid tannins lend support."	San Carlo	88	29	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Dezzani 2012 San Carlo  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Dezzani
Spain	"Oddly, this is preferable to El Nido's $140 Cab-heavy fruit bomb. Maybe that's because Monastrell is the go-to grape in Jumilla, and this is 70% Monastrell and only 30% Cab compared to the opposite with El Nido. All that said, this wine is ripe, approachable and dark, with excellent balance and a fudgy, warm finish of fruitcake and blackberry. Drink now through 2013."	Clio	93	46	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	El Nido 2006 Clio Red (Jumilla)	Red Blend	El Nido
France	"Taut and mineral, this is currently a wine that is waiting to reveal its power and majesty. The fruit is on a tight rein of acidity, which only slowly opens up to show mango, pineapple, crisp citrus, layers of toast and a mouth-enveloping richness. Age for at least five years, preferably 10."		97	574	Burgundy	Chevalier-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Leflaive 2006  Chevalier-Montrachet	Chardonnay	Domaine Leflaive
US	"A bit heavy and rugged, with dry black currant and unsweetened chocolate flavors that veer into raisins. Not likely to improve, so drink now."	Claret	85	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Bell 2005 Claret Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bell
US	"There are still some rough edges here: hints of volatility, burnt wood notes and unintegrated barrel flavors. But there is substantial red fruit at the core, and it's got plenty of punch and power to stand up to a smoky barbequed meal."		86	26	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Delfino 2014 Tempranillo (Umpqua Valley)	Tempranillo	Delfino
Italy	"Aged in large casks, this Nebbiolo opens with classic varietal aromas of dried rose petal, underbrush, red berry and a balsamic note. The elegant palate delivers sour cherries, crushed raspberries, anise and a touch of baking spice alongside fine-grained tannins and bright acidity."	Sassella	89	24	Lombardy	Valtellina Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rainoldi 2010 Sassella  (Valtellina Superiore)	Nebbiolo	Rainoldi
France	"A deliciously light, fresh rosé, its crisp raspberry flavors enhanced by acidity. The finish is a full burst of fruit salad."	Rosé	86	16	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Corbillières 2007 Rosé Pinot Noir (Touraine)	Pinot Noir	Domaine des Corbillières
US	"Featuring a unique and intriguingly fresh and floral nose, this shows bright strawberry, fresh-pressed hibiscus flowers, exotic vanilla-cinnamon notes and hints of slate and chaparral. The palate is just a hair less exciting, with raspberry, cranberry, white pepper, white sage and dried mint, all wrapped with tart acidity and tannins."	Muns Vineyard	91	40	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Left Bend 2013 Muns Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Left Bend
France	"At the northern end of the Ladoix appellation, this small Premier Cru has produced a red-fruited wine shot through with acidity and spicy flavors. It is juicy, showing red cherries, raspberries bolstered with a layer of tannins. The wine is ready to drink, although it will age at least until 2023."	La Micaude Premier Cru	90	50	Burgundy	Ladoix		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Capitain-Gagnerot 2013 La Micaude Premier Cru  (Ladoix)	Pinot Noir	Capitain-Gagnerot
US	"This is Steven Kent's fourth vintage of Lineage, his blockbuster Bordeaux red from carefully tended Livermore fruit. Predominantly Cabernet Sauvignon (65%), it includes 16% Cab Franc, 15% Merlot, 3% Petit Verdot and 2% Malbec. Layered in coffee and herbal cassis, and finely structured, it is an elegant, herbal-kissed, slightly coy wine, enjoyable now with a big meal or ready to sleep in bottle until 2024–2029."		94	145	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lineage 2010 Red (Livermore Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Lineage
US	"This wine is a big one, going all out to make friends. New-oak aromas like clove, cedar and cinnamon explode out of the glass, then flavors of dark chocolate and cherry spread across the palate for a generous—almost thick—impression. Fine layers of tannins and firm acidity blanket the texture."	6th Sense	90	16	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Michael David 2013 6th Sense Syrah (Lodi)	Syrah	Michael David
France	"This rich, full-bodied wine is packed with ripe, dense blackberry and plum flavors. With firm tannins in the background, it is always going to be dark and solid. Produced on a single vineyard by the local cooperative, it could still age and will be best from 2016."	Château Bazin	88	45	Southwest France	Côtes du Marmandais		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cave du Marmandais 2012 Château Bazin Red (Côtes du Marmandais)	Red Blend	Cave du Marmandais
Argentina	"Oily citrus aromas are pungent on the nose. This is chunky but braced by firm acidity. Waxy, warm, oaky flavors of caramel and baked apple finish with punchy citric acidity and an oak-based touch of butterscotch."	Reserve	87	19	Mendoza Province	Valle de Uco		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Salentein 2013 Reserve Chardonnay (Valle de Uco)	Chardonnay	Salentein
Israel	"Aromas of black cherry, smoked meat and thyme prepare the taste buds for flavors of black cherry, smoked meat, oregano, and lemon zest with notes of dark chocolate. Soft yet persistent tannins coat the palate, culminating in a delightfully bright finish."	Classic	89	12	Galil			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Barkan 2013 Classic Cabernet Sauvignon (Galil)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Barkan
US	"This is a complex Lodi old-vine Zinfandel with boysenberry and blackberry notes poking through layers of complexity and a touch of dusty plum. It has a strata of black licorice throughout the midpalate, with a peppery, wild herb flavor keeping it interesting. Notes of espresso and leather mark the finish, and a controlled amount of acidity keeps in balance."	Sherman Family Vineyards	91	24	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fields Family 2010 Sherman Family Vineyards Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Fields Family
US	"A little oak, brisk acidity and good flavors of lemons, limes and mangoes mark this dry, stylishly creamy wine that's fine for drinking now, at a good price."		86	13	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Hess Select 2012 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Hess Select
Italy	"Aromas of white flower, crushed herb, fennel and cut grass emerge on this vibrant white. The bright palate shows citrus zest, mint and mineral alongside crisp acidity."	Leopold	87	24	Northeastern Italy	Collio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fiegl 2013 Leopold White (Collio)	White Blend	Fiegl
Chile	"Rooty and on the verge of being overripe, this is yet another 2006 Cabernet from Chile with hot-weather signatures draped all over it. The nose is baked, while the fruit is all sweet black plum and berry with heat on the finish."	Sibaris Reserva Especial	84	17	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2006 Sibaris Reserva Especial Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Undurraga
US	"Powerful punches of black licorice dominate in this stewy, chewy, generously oaked wine, grown on a mountainous appellation. It finds a softness and gentle fruit character midway through on the palate, finishing on supple notes of tobacco."		87	70	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frisson Wines 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frisson Wines
US	"A lovely young Pinot, filled with fresh fruits and spices, wrapped into a fine, silky texture. The flavors of raspberries, cherries and cola have a rich, meaty, leathery edge that adds complexity and earthiness. Good now, and should hold for several years."		89	30	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Castle 2005 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Castle
US	"Not showing much succulence right now, but firm and sturdy, in keeping with the relatively cool vintage. There's green, minty taste alongside the berry, cherry and anise flavors. Could develop and soften with a year or so in the bottle."	Estate	85	34	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Eden Canyon 2005 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Eden Canyon
US	"Freshly cut pear and tropical aromas lead to medium-bodied flavors. The style is clean and well made, with the concentration dipping a bit at times."	Grand Estates	85	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Crest 2014 Grand Estates Pinot Gris (Columbia Valley (WA))	Pinot Gris	Columbia Crest
US	"Another of Noceto's stellar small-production Sangiovese, this one plummy with tobacco and sour cherry most prominent and a slight hint of sweetness as it finishes. Dos Oakies comes from the winery's oldest vineyard section of Sangiovese and has a loyal following of Sangiovese lovers."	Dos Oakies	87	28	California	Shenandoah Valley (CA)	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Noceto 2008 Dos Oakies Sangiovese (Shenandoah Valley (CA))	Sangiovese	Noceto
Chile	"Rubbery berry, tea, cool mint, herb and savory aromas amount to something a bit funky. This Syrah feels chewy and tannic. Herbal, savory, soupy flavors finish with an infusion of tea-like influences on closing plum and berry fruit notes."	Nimbus Single Vineyard	88	15	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2012 Nimbus Single Vineyard Syrah (Casablanca Valley)	Syrah	Viña Casablanca
South Africa	"This blend of 67% Viognier, 19% Chenin Blanc and 14% Grenache Blanc is crisp and tasty, with forward aromas of pear, hard peach, yellow florals and a touch of oak-driven spice. Roundly structured, with a lush texture and a nice, clean herbal characteristic to the close. Drink now."	The Wolftrap Viognier-Chenin Blanc-Grenache Blanc	86	11	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Boekenhoutskloof 2010 The Wolftrap Viognier-Chenin Blanc-Grenache Blanc White (Western Cape)	White Blend	Boekenhoutskloof
US	"Still a little hard and tight, with a flavorful mix of plum and black fruits, this may need extra breathing time to show its full strength. Some whiffs of smoke and coffee linger on the finish."	Sunnyside Single Vineyard	89	35	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amity 2009 Sunnyside Single Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Amity
US	"This appeals to fans of ripe fruit and oak offering rich, creamy flamboyance. Waves of pineapple and orange jam wash over the palate, liberally accented with the buttered toast notes. Drink up."	Sierra Mar Vineyard	91	40	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Roar 2011 Sierra Mar Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Roar
Italy	"Made entirely from Cabernet Sauvignon, this Tuscan offering has aromas of grilled bell pepper and cedar wood. Oak dominates the palate, which also shows red currants, chocolate and espresso along with aggressive and astringent wood tannins."	La Mandria del Pari	85	75	Tuscany	Val di Cornia Suvereto		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Russo 2009 La Mandria del Pari Cabernet Sauvignon (Val di Cornia Suvereto)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Russo
US	"Forward and flavorful, this brings together five different grapes from eight different vineyards, though it is mostly (70%) Wahluke Slope Cabernet Sauvignon. I found a hint of funk, cooked raisin, and lots of baking spices. Penetrating, unusual flavors, but overall not quite together."		85	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Powers 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Powers
Portugal	"The toast and blackberry aromas seem to lighten with air, giving way to raspberry and  strawberry scents. Flavors of sweet red berries and cream and a long, oaky finish."	Tinto	88	15	Palmela			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Quinta da Mimosa 2000 Tinto Red (Palmela)	Red Blend	Quinta da Mimosa
US	"L'Ecole's Walla Walla Cabernet has a soft-focus silkiness, an almost gauzy character. Behind that film is a wine tasting of wild berries, Bing cherries and fresh herbs, with light streaks of coffee and moist earth. Give this one plenty of decanting and the scrim lifts away and reveals a firm, beautifully balanced and nuanced wine."		92	40	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	L'Ecole No. 41 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	L'Ecole No. 41
Italy	"This delicious Chardonnay offers creamy opulence and rich notes of vanilla, honey and peach. It has dense, slightly sweet, fruit flavors lavished over good structure and ends with spicy crispness. Pair it with white meat or pasta salad."	Chardonnay	87	12	Northeastern Italy	Delle Venezie				Folonari 2007 Chardonnay Chardonnay (Delle Venezie)	Chardonnay	Folonari
Chile	"Quite earthy and sun-baked to start, with raisiny aromas that come with cola and leather. Thick, dense and heavy in the mouth, with concentrated, baked flavors of blackberry, pepper and bitter chocolate. A superripe, inky wine with soft tannins and a spongey finish."	Cuvée Alexandre Las Kuras Vineyard	88	24	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lapostolle 2008 Cuvée Alexandre Las Kuras Vineyard Syrah (Cachapoal Valley)	Syrah	Lapostolle
Spain	"Red-fruit aromas lead the charge, but they come with a green, candied component. This is flabby in feel, with minty berry flavors and a modest finish."		83	10	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa Solar 2011 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Casa Solar
Italy	"Aromas of wild red berry, pressed violet and a whiff of baking spice flow through this simple, easygoing wine. On the easy-drinking palate, round tannins support mature black cherry, cinnamon and a hint of mocha. Drink through 2017."	Rubinoro	87	25	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vecchia Cantina di Montepulciano 2011 Rubinoro  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Vecchia Cantina di Montepulciano
US	"Thick, rich and almost cordial-like, this has generous fruit and oak components. It's ready to be paired with a peppered steak."		87	17	California	Mendocino County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Weibel Family 2009 Zinfandel (Mendocino County)	Zinfandel	Weibel Family
US	"Salty caramel rises to the fore of this lovely, medium-built wine, which begins thickly concentrated in Gravenstein apple and vanilla before finding its rhythm in more nuanced, elegant undertones. Lemon and lime lead the way to a hint of guava before finishing fresh and focused."		90	25	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Amici 2014 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Amici
Italy	"Barolo Coste di Rose is a darkly concentrated and rich wine with sweet spice overtones of clove, licorice and cinnamon over cherry fruit and raspberry. There's a soft, chewy quality to the mouthfeel that is typical of wines from the 2007 vintage."	Coste di Rose	93	61	Piedmont	Barolo				Bric Cenciurio 2007 Coste di Rose  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Bric Cenciurio
Italy	"New leather, red berry, tobacco and menthol are some of the aromas you'll find in this powerfully structured but elegant wine. The firm palate delivers juicy Marasca cherry, raspberry compote, licorice and cinnamon flavors framed by noble, fine-grained tannins and bright acidity. Drink 2025–2045."	Cerretta	95	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Germano Ettore 2013 Cerretta  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Germano Ettore
Romania	"Dark garnet in color, this wine carries aromas of cherry and black raspberry on the nose. The palate brings flavors of tart cherry and ripe plum. Tannins show good grip yet there's a touch of aggressive acidity in the finish."	Premium	87	12	Dealu Mare			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Budureasca 2015 Premium Merlot (Dealu Mare)	Merlot	Budureasca
Italy	"Ramione is a 50-50 blend of Merlot and Nero d'Avola that delivers a unique and very attractive mineral quality. Under that drying layer of white stone and talc powder, you'll find bursting red cherry and rich blueberry. The various elements of this velvety wine work very well together."	Ramione	87	26	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Baglio di Pianetto 2004 Ramione Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Baglio di Pianetto
France	"Made from grapes sourced from Domaines Devillard's 12 acres of premier cru Mercurey vineyards, this rich, weighty wine has ripe red fruits that are layered with new wood and tannins. A structured effort that's meant to age for five years and more."	Château de Chamirey Les Cinq Premier Cru	90	68	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2010 Château de Chamirey Les Cinq Premier Cru  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Domaines Devillard
Italy	"Lightly hued and luminous, this opens with aromas of wild cherry, blue flower, chopped herb and a balsamic note. The structured, refined palate offers dried cherry, ripe strawberry, white pepper, cinnamon and a hint of clove set against a backbone of firm, polished tannins. Drink 2018–2026."	Villero	93	150	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mascarello Giuseppe e Figlio 2011 Villero  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Mascarello Giuseppe e Figlio
US	"This suave and sophisticated wine is so smooth to sip that its depth of flavor is a little deceptive. A subtle potpourri of clove, cinnamon, black tea and blackberry aromas swirl around a great core of mild acidity, fine-grained tannins and many layers of concentrated fruit flavor. The texture is velvety and the finish lingers for at least 30 seconds."	Methode A L'Ancienne	93	32	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Navarro 2015 Methode A L'Ancienne Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Navarro
US	"Vibrant, fruity and dry now, with savory black currant, red currant, plum and cherry flavors, this Cab also has a spicy, minty quality that makes it come alive on the palate. It's young and tannic, and will benefit from up to eight years in the cellar."	Parady Vineyard	90	59	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kasuari 2005 Parady Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kasuari
US	"Impressively crafted from 20-plus-year-old vines, thus the Heritage tag, this blend of mostly Zin with 20% Petite Sirah and 1% Primitivo is like Sunday brunch. It offers a study in bacon and strawberries laced in syrup, a thick, leathery wine that finishes balanced and just shy of over-decadent."	Heritage Vines	90	22	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dry Creek Vineyard 2014 Heritage Vines Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Dry Creek Vineyard
Italy	"This is an unoaked Chardonnay, with a fresh and lively bouquet of white flower, stone fruit and lemon zest. The cool-climate Alto Adige growing conditions help develop the purity and intensity of the grape's aromas."	Altkirch	87	15	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Colterenzio 2010 Altkirch Chardonnay (Alto Adige)	Chardonnay	Colterenzio
US	"Coming in at 12.8% alcohol—nearly unheard of for a Washington red, particularly in a warm vintage—it brings appealing notes of dark plum accented by black pepper and dried herbs. It's silky soft in feel with a dazzling sense of texture and purity with little apparent oak influence."	Dineen Vineyard	91	27	Washington	Rattlesnake Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Savage Grace 2013 Dineen Vineyard Malbec (Rattlesnake Hills)	Malbec	Savage Grace
US	"Lots of ripe strawberries, raspberries and sweet smoky oak in this silky young Pinot Noir. It tastes a bit too extracted and jammy for subtlety, but sure does offer a mouthful of flavor."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	87	50	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Twomey 2009 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Twomey
Germany	"Hints of pastry and almond lend richness to fresh white grapefruit and peach flavors in this dry, delicately textured wine. Perfumed and pretty, it's a delightful quaffer with a brisk, blossomy finish."	Blanc de Noir	88	14	Nahe			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Paul Anheuser 2013 Blanc de Noir Pinot Noir (Nahe)	Pinot Noir	Paul Anheuser
US	"This project led by founder Jocko Douglas makes small batches of compelling wine. This Pinot Noir offers aromas of blackberry-laced tea, mocha and spearmint. The palate shows juicy, plump raspberries and blackberries bolstered by clove, allspice and espresso elements."		91	48	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Douglas Vineyards 2012 Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Douglas Vineyards
Argentina	"Opens with jammy aromas but it's also stewed and stalky. The palate is resiny and tannic, which means it's grabby. Tastes a bit leafy and burnt, with spiced, roasted red plum flavors. Offers mostly oak spice and heat on the finish."	made with organic grapes	84	13	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	VinEcol 2010 made with organic grapes Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	VinEcol
Australia	"Green beans and other vegetal notes combine with pineapple, rancid butter and wet wool in this rather odd Chardonnay. There's plenty of acidity and a creamy mouthfeel, but it's all a little out of balance."	Great Escape Cool Climate Textural	85	25	South Australia	Adelaide Hills				Thistledown 2014 Great Escape Cool Climate Textural Chardonnay (Adelaide Hills)	Chardonnay	Thistledown
France	"Still young with attractive fresh fruits, this wine needs to age. With its bright acidity and white fruits, it's just beginning to hint at the mineral structure behind. Drink from 2018."	Vaucoupin Premier Cru	89	45	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Ellevin 2013 Vaucoupin Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Ellevin
Italy	"This easy-drinking red opens with pretty aromas of purple wild flower and red berry. The slim, simple palate offers tart sour cherry and orange zest alongside brisk acidity and angular, somewhat fleeting tannins."		86	15	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pinino 2014  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Pinino
Germany	"Clingy, concentrated peach and pink grapefruit flavors abound in this fresh, fragrant semisweet Riesling. Zesty acidity balances out all the sweet, juicy fruit, highlighting a long, pleasantly astringent lime pith finish."	Oppenheimer Sackträger Spätlese	90	16	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Heyden 2015 Oppenheimer Sackträger Spätlese Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Dr. Heyden
Italy	"Informal and simple, it offers bright red cherry-berry fruit, sweet cake spices and hints of alpine herbs. The silky smooth tannins and fresh acidity make this already extremely accessible so enjoy now–2020."	Tresuri	86	55	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mauro Sebaste 2010 Tresuri  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Mauro Sebaste
Italy	"Cassis, blue flower, baking spice, grilled herb and a whiff of new leather lead the nose. The chewy palate offers dried black cherry, mature plum, chewing tobacco and nutmeg alongside fine-grained tannins. Despite its solid structure, it also has elegance and freshness."		91	73	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Salette 2013  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	Le Salette
US	"A crisp, tight, stony nose of wet cement, chilled lime peels and chopped lemongrass emerges from this offering from winemaker Matt Ortman and celeb-proprietors Ken Warwick and Nigel Lythgoe. The palate packs lots of bright verve , with the warmth of sliced green pears and green papaya, the sizzle of Key-lime juice and the racy spice of white pepper."		90	17	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Villa San Juliette 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Paso Robles)	Sauvignon Blanc	Villa San Juliette
Argentina	Jammy blueberry and boysenberry aromas include graphite and ink notes. This feels jammy to the point of being sluggish and heavy. Syrupy but not sweet flavors of herbal black fruits finish with a lasting gamy note.	Q	88	20	Mendoza Province	Valle de Uco		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zuccardi 2013 Q Malbec (Valle de Uco)	Malbec	Zuccardi
France	"From an estate just to the west of Saint-Estèphe, this wine is structured and firm. A dry core of solid tannins balances the black-currant fruitiness. The wine is firm now although it will develop quickly, so drink from 2017."		86	29	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut Beyzac 2013  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut Beyzac
US	"This lovely wine from the producer's Pelissa Vineyard is perfumed in roses, while offering a soft, velvety texture that's restrained in terms of tannin and oak. Clove, graphite and white pepper develop in the glass, adding to the wine's classical nature."	Estate Grown	92	50	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Oakville Winery 2013 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Oakville Winery
US	"Polished in every way, this brings an enticing potpourri of almond paste, apple and white pepper. Wild yeast fermentation in oak (30% new) marries complex components in perfect precise balance. As with all the Ponzi 2014 Chardonnays, the acids are bright but not biting, and the wines are built for both near-term enjoyment and medium-term aging."	Aurora Vineyard	94	63	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ponzi 2014 Aurora Vineyard Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Ponzi
Spain	"Nice on the nose, this has a leafy note and a mellow red-berry aroma. Bouncy and rubbery feeling, it has easygoing flavors of raspberry and plum. It's candied and rubbery tasting on the finish, but good overall."	Estate Bottled	84	4	Levante	Yecla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terrenal 2010 Estate Bottled Tempranillo (Yecla)	Tempranillo	Terrenal
US	"Lots of dynamics play on the nose of this wine, from chamomile flowers and daffodils to chalk, pink lemonade, cotton candy and tropical fruits. The palate is framed by a tense minerality, seasoned with flavors of lemonade, browned butter and guava."	Rincon Vineyard	91	44	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talley 2013 Rincon Vineyard Chardonnay (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
South Africa	"This blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Chenin Blanc and Garnacha Blanc is a good-to-go white with fruity, spicy aromas and creamy flavors of pineapple, pear and tropical fruit. A friendly midpalate and spicy finish give it dimension. Its versatile character is good for myriad foods—from creamy cheeses to fresh seafood. Or, sip it alone—it has enough going for it on it own."	Starlette Blanc	87	13	Western Cape			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Allée Bleue 2008 Starlette Blanc White (Western Cape)	White Blend	Allée Bleue
US	"Similar to the winery's regular Pinot Noir, this is moving quickly along the aging curve. Hints of strawberry fruit are cloaked in barrel flavors of mocha and cracker. Drink soon."	Winemaker's Reserve	86	39	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Reustle 2013 Winemaker's Reserve Pinot Noir (Umpqua Valley)	Pinot Noir	Reustle
US	"Made to please, the fruit for this wine comes from Watmaugh Ranch, farmed by the Sebastiani family. Aged eight months in a majority of French oak, it shows flavors of apple skin, butter and olive amid a richness that's balanced by zesty acidity."	Comfort Wine	88	22	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Custard 2014 Comfort Wine Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Custard
US	"This winery produces luxuriously rich wines, and this blend of 47% Merlot, 30% Petit Verdot, 12% Malbec and 11% Cabernet Sauvignon fits right in. Aromas suggest vanilla-cherry cream, fresh cracked dark chocolate, mulberry extract and root beer. Cola, blackberries and woody herbs show once sipped."	Party of Four	88	59	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	HammerSky 2010 Party of Four Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	HammerSky
New Zealand	"This dark-fruited Pinot Noir is sturdily constructed yet never seems hard or tough, thanks to the silkiness of its plentiful tannins. Black cherry fruit picks up shadings of mocha on the dusty finish. Drink 2015–2020."		90	30	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Wild Earth 2010 Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Wild Earth
US	"This has a pale salmon color and aromas like those of Pinot Noir, including the walk-in-the-forest smell. Crisp cherry flavors lead to an intriguing mushroom note on the finish. Nearly dry, the texture is plush and soothing, while the finish is soft and lingering."	Brut Rosé	90	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Korbel NV Brut Rosé Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
Italy	"Mazzei, the family behind Fonterutoli in Chianti, is the maker of this 100% Sangiovese, which offers a strong, piercing nose of earth, leather, red fruit and oak. If given time in the glass, the muscular palate loosens its stern grip, unveiling a nice underlay of plum, berries and oak. Far better than pedestrian, this is a sturdy, well-made Tuscan red."		89	20	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tenuta Belguardo 1999  Morellino di Scansano	Sangiovese	Tenuta Belguardo
US	"Aromas of vanilla, baking spice, herb and dark fruit lead to tart, full cranberry and cherry flavors. Coffee notes linger on the finish and the tannins provide a gentle grip."		90	40	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	North by Northwest 2013 Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	North by Northwest
US	"Blended with 25% Cabernet Franc and barrel-aged in 55% new French oak, this wine displays aromas of cocoa, dried herbs, pencil lead and dark cherries. The cherry and coffee flavors are medium bodied, backed by lightly gritty tannins that might soften with some time in the cellar."	Washington	89	50	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Bomb 2012 Washington Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bomb
US	"Glimmers of saline, nuts and smoke add dimension to the sweet apple and lemon flavors. Brisk with acidity, it has a bright, refreshing profile overall. Drink now."		87	16	New York	Cayuga Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hosmer 2010 Pinot Gris (Cayuga Lake)	Pinot Gris	Hosmer
Spain	"This fluorescent pink rosé is fairly full on the nose, with a grape skins character. Lively, balanced and lightly oily in feel, this delivers plum and citrus flavors prior to a finish that's pithy and tastes like ripe pink grapefruit."	Graciano	88	10	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Rio Madre 2015 Graciano Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	Rio Madre
Italy	"95   Massolino 2012 Parafada (Barolo). A textbook Barolo, this opens with scents of mature berry, leather, underbrush, tobacco and an elegant trace of fragrant blue flower. The well-structured palate delivers succulent black cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon, licorice, clove and mineral alongside a backbone of firm yet refined tannins. Drink 2020–2030."	Parafada	95	96	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Massolino 2012 Parafada  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Massolino
US	"The price is right, but the wine is a little vegetal despite some cherry and currant flavors. Will do in a pinch, if your guests aren't particular."		82	22	California	California	California Other			Big House NV Red (California)	Red Blend	Big House
Portugal	"Ripe and luscious, Alicante Bouschet gives this wine its color and intensely smoky, spicy tannic structure. The texture is dusty, with black chocolate as well as black plums adding concentration and aging potential. Drink this wine from 2019."	Monte Cascas Grande Reserva	92	39	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casca Wines 2013 Monte Cascas Grande Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casca Wines
France	"This wine has structure, typical of this appellation, as well as dark black fruits and rich tannins. Acidity cuts through this ripeness, bringing in freshness. Spice and an attractive perfume come along at the end. Drink from 2019."		90	80	Burgundy	Gevrey-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2014  Gevrey-Chambertin	Pinot Noir	Louis Latour
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese and 15% Merlot, this round, medium-bodied wine offers aromas of dark berry, blue flowers and a whiff of cedar. The friendly, accessible palate delivers juicy black cherry, tobacco and a hint of licorice alongside soft tannins and bright acidity. Drink through 2017."	Gherardino	89	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vignamaggio 2013 Gherardino  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Vignamaggio
Italy	"In terms of value, Sassoalloro is one of the most interesting wines in Italy. Here you have a major, cult-level super Tuscan available at a surprisingly reasonable price. Elegance and complexity come through in spades and so do fine aromas of red cherry, licorice and toasted almond."	Sassoalloro	92	29	Tuscany	Toscana				Jacopo Biondi-Santi 2007 Sassoalloro Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Jacopo Biondi-Santi
US	"There's a density and concentration to this wine that many will find appealing, a mix of leathery cigar box and unfussy notions of clove and currant. Silky-smooth on the palate, it's full bodied and robust, made entirely from Cabernet."	Limited Release	87	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Stallion 2012 Limited Release Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Black Stallion
US	"Here's an intense, nervy young Cab that impresses for its powerful oak and cassis flavors. It's a little sharp now, with an acidic jamminess and tea-like tannic structure that suggests moderate aging capability. Stash it until 2008, then open for a couple of years."	Reserve	88	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Raymond 2004 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Raymond
US	"Light, clear and focused, this features crisp, citrusy acidity and tethered layers of rhubarb and cranberry, with subtle hints of forest floor in the background. Light bodied and elegant, it finishes with just a tiny bite of tannin."		89	36	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Conarium 2013 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Conarium
US	"From four acres at the crest of a knoll onsite, this wine is indelibly crisp in cranberry and orange. It's structured and classy, with a zesty acidity that belies the darker, deeper elements of toasted oak and Asian spice. The tannins are there, but subtle and supportive, resulting in a pretty yet substantive selection."	Winery Block	94	85	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Iron Horse 2013 Winery Block Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Iron Horse
US	"About three fifths Merlot, the rest a blend of Cabernet, Cab Franc and Syrah, this commemorates the winery's tenth vintage. It shows a substantial amount of oak—smoky and chewy and tannic—with tart red fruits leaving a trailing impression of raspberry candy."	Maximum III	86	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lake Chelan 2006 Maximum III Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Lake Chelan
Italy	"Cavallotto (Tenuta Bricco Boschis) offers a dark and powerful Riserva with a masculine, brooding personality complete with black spice, peppercorn, licorice, cola, prune and blackberry preserves. The wine concludes with a soft, velvety mouthfeel."	Riserva Vignolo	91	98	Piedmont	Barolo				Cavallotto 2005 Riserva Vignolo  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Cavallotto
US	"Made by winemaker Georgetta Dane, this white is awash in kumquat and vanilla, the medium-bodied layers of texture soft and round and accessible to a broad range of palates."		86	17	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chloe 2012 Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Chloe
US	"They packed a lot of flavor into this rich Chardonnay for the price. It's toasty buttery and popcorny from winemaker treatment, with ripe fruit notes of pineapples and exotic tropical fruits. A brisk streak of minerals and acidity provides clean balance."	Katherine's Vineyard	91	22	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Cambria 2009 Katherine's Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Cambria
US	"Despite being nearly six years old, the tannins in this wine are still huge and hard. But the beautiful acidity and the incredibly intense fruity concentration suggests this has more time left to evolve in the bottle. It is the essence of black currant, crème de cassis and mineral, focused into a single sip. The wine should start softening around 2018, and continue to evolve well into the 2020s."	Stagecoach Vineyard	94	70	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Levendi 2008 Stagecoach Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Levendi
Italy	"Purple flower, perfumed berry, baking spice and dried herb aromas unfold in the glass, along with a hint of espresso. The tight palate shows sour cherry, unripe strawberry, clove, sage and roasted coffee notes alongside close-grained, astringent tannins and racy acidity."	Asili	88	181	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ceretto 2014 Asili  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Ceretto
US	"It's hard to exaggerate the purity of this wine, which is 100% Cabernet. It startles for the intensity of mountain blackberries and raspberries, and then a firm minerality kicks in, along with the tannins, providing grounding structure. The finish lasts for a full minute. Winemaker Luc Morlet has really hit the jackpot with this dry, spectacularly complex young wine, which will develop for at least a decade."	Estate	96	125	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Vineyard 7&8 2008 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Spring Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vineyard 7&8
US	"While initially subdued on the nose, this zesty citrus-kissed Riesling offers loads of lemon and lime vitality. It's crisp and light bodied with a finish that's dry and mineral."	STV Estate Vineyard	89	26	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Silver Thread 2015 STV Estate Vineyard Riesling (Seneca Lake)	Riesling	Silver Thread
US	"Young and fresh, Elk Cove's entry-level Willamette Valley Pinot is a well-made, fruit-forward expression of the grape. Hints of clove wrap around peppery berry and cherry fruit. It's a bright, appealing wine, drinking quite nicely already."		88	29	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Elk Cove 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Elk Cove
Spain	"This everyday Tempranillo opens with mildly burnt and stalky aromas, but there's enough fresh plum and berry on the nose to keep things positive. The mouthfeel is wiry and alert, while plum and raspberry flavors finish short."	Monte Clavijo	85	11	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Criadores de Rioja 2011 Monte Clavijo  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Criadores de Rioja
Italy	"Savory and straightforward, it boasts a pretty fragrance of crushed violets, mint and eucalyptus. The vibrant palate doles out crushed red cherry accented with notes of sage, thyme and mocha alongside supple tannins. It's a great introduction to the vintage and is already enjoyable. Drink through 2025."		92	35	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mauro Veglio 2010  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Mauro Veglio
Portugal	"Blending Touriga Franca, Syrah and Alicante Bouschet, this is an attractive young wine. With both acidity and tannins already integrated into the ripe black fruit, it is a wine to drink young."		85	15	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Terra Silvestre 2015 Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Terra Silvestre
US	"On the borderline of exuding overripe fruit aromas and flavors, this wine reins it in to reveal juicy blackberry and raspberry around firm, sizable tannins."		86	28	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Previous 2013 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Previous
US	"A softly layered, elegant estate wine, this slowly reveals shocks of cherry, vanilla and coconut. A tanginess to the tannins gives it an oomph of verve and freshness on the palate."	Estate St. Helena Vineyard	90	75	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Benessere 2013 Estate St. Helena Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Benessere
Germany	"Green floral notes and juicy, ripe white peaches perfume this complex medium-sweet Riesling. It's ethereal on the palate but penetrating with stone fruit flavors and a sunny, bright tangerine acidity. Finishes with a lingering slick of wet-stone minerality."	Hochheimer Domdechaney Spätlese	93	35	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Domdechant Werner 2012 Hochheimer Domdechaney Spätlese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Domdechant Werner
Italy	"This fresh and food-friendly Chianti Rufina opens with lively berry nuances, forest floor and white almond. The wine is crisp and zesty overall."		86	15	Tuscany	Chianti Rufina				I Veroni 2008  Chianti Rufina	Sangiovese	I Veroni
US	"From organically-grown and certified Biodemeter-grown grapes, this rosé blends 70% Grenache with 15% each of Mourvèdre and Syrah to produce a dry, robust wine aromatic in peach skin and tangerine. Orange blossom and candied orange peel on the palate add to the freshness and lively acidity."		91	22	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Quivira 2013 Rosé (Dry Creek Valley)	Rosé	Quivira
France	"This is an intensely herbal wine. Its high alcohol doesn't take away from its green fruit, gooseberry and cool taste. Perhaps it does increase the intensity of all these elements, producing a wine that is both rich and also taut and mineral. It does seem to need more aging, so drink from 2018."	La Chapelle des Augustins	90	35	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2015 La Chapelle des Augustins  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Henri Bourgeois
Chile	"Grainy, oaky aromas of clove, cinnamon and wood spice sit atop minimal white-fruit notes. This feels lean and linear, with overriding resiny barrel influences. Savory and forceful oak flavors dominate tart apple notes, while this offers mostly resin and spice on the finish."	Sabino	85	26	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kingston Family 2015 Sabino Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Kingston Family
US	"From a particular block of the Los Chamizal Vineyard that is indeed rocky, this brambly, fruity wine shows off layers of blackberry and vanilla, swaddled in cinnamon toast. Somewhat thin on the palate despite the power of its ripeness, it devolves on the sour finish."	Rocky Terrace	85	38	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Haywood 2011 Rocky Terrace Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Haywood
US	"A nice Cabernet to drink now. It has very ripe, upfront cherry and blackberry pie flavors, with firm tannins and a sweet vanilla note."		86	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Olema 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Olema
US	"The Moscato-sipping crowd will like this wine. It's crisp and off-dry, with honey, tangerine and vanilla flavors, plus zesty acidity."	Private Selection	84	11	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Robert Mondavi 2011 Private Selection Riesling (Central Coast)	Riesling	Robert Mondavi
France	"T-L has three cuvées of Châteauneuf, and while this is the least expensive, it's also the most enjoyable now. A hint of sweaty horse blanket may put off some tasters, but this full-bodied, lushly textured wine features ample raspberry and cherry flavors, copious spices and a long, softly dusty finish. Drink it over the next 5–8 years."		93	56	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Tardieu-Laurent 2009 Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Tardieu-Laurent
US	"The winery's best Hilltops in years, dry and elegantly structured. There's real power to the baked black cherry and currant fruit, with all sorts of meaty, earthy, peppery nuances that linger long into the finish. The alcohol is robust, but in keeping with the wine's volume, giving it a rich, warming headiness. Drink now–2018, as suits your taste."	Hilltops	92	48	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Stolpman 2010 Hilltops Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Stolpman
Chile	"Prickly and briney on the nose, with cool-climate crispness to the aromatics. The palate is smooth and fairly thick, with a sticky, grabby mouthfeel and sweet, lightly green and herbal flavors of cherry and plum. Full but flattens on the finish."	Secreto	86	14	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viu Manent 2010 Secreto Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Viu Manent
US	"The aromas first convey a somewhat stemmy, weedy impression, and that is woven into the flavors as well. What ultimately brings the wine into better balance is the underlying red fruit, tangy and substantial, with good length through the finish."	5 Blocks	86	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lumos 2009 5 Blocks Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lumos
Austria	"Restraint, elegance, freshness. This delicate rosé has the softest scent of tart summer berries and overtones of rose petals. There is a spicier aspect and fruitier notes of freshly cut apple on the midpalate. But this delivers full flavor with immense delicacy. Bravo."	Cistercien	91	17	Niederösterreich			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Schloss Gobelsburg 2015 Cistercien Rosé (Niederösterreich)	Rosé	Schloss Gobelsburg
US	"Biodynamically-farmed, old vine fruit from the Eola Hills vineyard is the source. The wine is forward and tangy, with a Vouvray-like sweet/sour character. It could be Chenin Blanc, only just a bit lighter, but with the same tart and tasty mix of acid and sugar, with lemony fruit and floral highlights. Really tasty."		91	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Love & Squalor 2009 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Love & Squalor
Switzerland	"The bouquet of this wine shows condensed fruit notes of green apple and lemon pith, with a slight nuance of vanilla on the nose. Full bodied and creamy on the palate, it exhibits balanced acidity on the finish."		90	21	Neuchâtel			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Château d'Auvernier 2012 White (Neuchâtel)	White Blend	Château d'Auvernier
France	"A single-vineyard wine, this is rich, not too herbaceous while full of grapefruit and lemon zest flavors. It's full bodied, rich in the mouth and finishes with a mineral, tangy aftertaste."	La Voute	86	20	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Joël Delaunay 2013 La Voute Sauvignon Blanc (Touraine)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Joël Delaunay
US	"A likeable, easy Pinot that straddles the line between simplicity and complexity. Darkly colored, with earthy, berry aromatics; in the mouth it has the soft, silky texture and crisp acids you want in a good Pinot. Flavors are of cherries and spices. Fruit-driven and a good accompaniment to a wide range of food."		86	21	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Benziger 2000 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Benziger
US	"Clos Marco pays tribute to the late, much-loved winery dog, and a lovely memorial bottle it is. All stainless-fermented and aged, it's loaded with tangy apple fruit and vivid acidity. Pineapple and citrus fruit provide additional accents, with a bright, concentrated, lengthy finish. Put this one away for a few years and you might be surprised how good it will be."	Clos Marco	91	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	WillaKenzie Estate 2011 Clos Marco Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	WillaKenzie Estate
US	"This sports a smoky aroma, wrapped into tight, tart red fruits. There is an ashy undertone, and somewhat granular tannins."	Marina Piper	85	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cottonwood Winery of Oregon 2011 Marina Piper Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cottonwood Winery of Oregon
France	"Beautifully perfumed wine, its white fruits transformed into a mature, almond and herbal wine, tight and dry while showing delicious, appetite-enhancing freshness. Ready to drink now."		88	25	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Trimbach 2008 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Trimbach
US	"Light aromas of toast, melon and butter lead to sleek stone and tropical fruit flavors that persist on the finish."		89	26	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Browne Family Vineyards 2015 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Browne Family Vineyards
Chile	"Rooty and on the verge of being overripe, this is yet another 2006 Cabernet from Chile with hot-weather signatures draped all over it. The nose is baked, while the fruit is all sweet black plum and berry with heat on the finish."	Sibaris Reserva Especial	84	17	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2006 Sibaris Reserva Especial Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Undurraga
US	"In this solidly made wine, the varietal character shines through, with cranberry and cherry fruit precisely defined. It offers medium depth and good balance, with a light lick of chocolate in the finish."		89	26	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lange 2012 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lange
Italy	"Made with organically farmed grapes, this opens with earthy aromas of ripe black fruit and whiffs of barnyard. The rustic palate offers fleshy black cherry, crushed raspberry and gamey notes alongside rather fleeting tannins."		86	20	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Sammontana 2013  Chianti	Red Blend	Fattoria di Sammontana
France	"This is a traditional style—emphasizing earthy tannins and spicy fruit and is rough around the edges—but is a wine that would relish being partnered with sausages, salamis and hard cheeses. There is plenty of weight, the acidity coming from minerality and wood."	Cuvée des Vignes Centenaires	87	50	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos de Gamot 2002 Cuvée des Vignes Centenaires Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Clos de Gamot
US	"Made from Kiona Vineyards fruit, this Red Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon has the dark fruit and the dense tannins one might expect. But that meaty power is leavened by natural acidity. A highlight of orange peel accents the deep flavors of cassis and smoke. It turns a little chalky at the tail end."		90	50	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Native Sun 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Native Sun
US	"A beautiful Sauvignon Blanc that shows why this warmish Santa Barbara County valley is such a natural home for the variety. With crisp acidity and a creamy texture, it's dry and minerally, with interestingly rich flavors of citrus fruits, melons and pears, and a touch of smoky oak."		90	15	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Santa Barbara Winery 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Barbara Winery
Italy	"You'll find aromas suggesting underbrush, wild berry, tobacco and a whiff of aromatic herb on this. The palate isn't quite as expressive as the nose and is still tightly wound, offering red cherry, cranberry and white pepper alongside a backbone of tense tannins and bright acidity. Give it time to unfold. Drink 2025–2035."	Boiolo	92	80	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Camparo 2013 Boiolo  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Camparo
Germany	"Dusty rocks, smoke and spice notes cast an intensely mineral haze to this dry Riesling. It's a sharp revitalizing wine, brightened by zesty lime and lemon flavors that shimmer through a long finish. Drink now through 2020."	Rüdesheimer Berg Rottland Steinkaut Trocken	89	19	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Nägler 2014 Rüdesheimer Berg Rottland Steinkaut Trocken Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Dr. Nägler
US	"This 100% varietal wine was aged for two years in American oak, half of it new. With a mouthful of clove, cinnamon and black currant, as well as leather, it remains juicy on the palate, though should take on additional complexity after cellaring. Drink now through 2020."	Spitfire	90	49	California	Oakville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Meyer Family Cellars 2012 Spitfire Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Meyer Family Cellars
US	"At the age of five-plus, this is still a pretty aggressive wine in tannins, with a sandpapery astringency through the finish. But it's also incredibly fruity, offering a blast of superripe blackberries, currants, plums, dark chocolate and pepper. Seems best now and for a couple years."	Estate	88	28	California	Atlas Peak	Napa			Astrale e Terra 2004 Estate Syrah (Atlas Peak)	Syrah	Astrale e Terra
US	"Occupying the bottom rung (in terms of cost) of the Columbia Crest ladder, Two Vines wines are generally light, quite clean and simple, with a minimum exposure to oak. This fits the mold, with flavors of strawberry chews and cotton candy. The tannins are also light and herbal, with an earthy, pleasantly leafy finish."	Two Vines	85	8	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2005 Two Vines Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Columbia Crest
France	"Darker in color than a rosé, this Clairet is fruity with ripe strawberry fruit. But it does seem heavily laced with caramel as well as some tannins and spice."		83	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Clairet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fontenille 2010 Rosé (Bordeaux Clairet)	Rosé	Château de Fontenille
Portugal	"Light and fresh with soft tannins, this is an attractive, ready-to-drink wine. It has layers of acidity over red fruits."	Meia Encosta	85	9	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Borges 2009 Meia Encosta Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Borges
US	"Ferguson is L'Ecole's newest estate vineyard, and this Bordeaux-style blend marks its single-vineyard debut. It's 57% Cabernet Sauvignon, 32% Merlot and 11% Cabernet Franc, grown at 1,500 feet in almost pure basalt. The minerality is a signature trait, along with raspberry, cassis and wild cherry fruit flavors. This seems sure to improve by 2020–2022."	Ferguson Vineyard Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot-Cabernet Franc	92	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	L'Ecole No. 41 2011 Ferguson Vineyard Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot-Cabernet Franc Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	L'Ecole No. 41
Portugal	"Rich, but structured and balanced, this is a wine that has delicious swathes of ripe blackberry and black plum. There is a touch of bitter extract, but this will integrate as the wine ages. The acidity goes well with the solid tannins. Drink from 2016."	Monsaraz Reserva	90	16	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cooperativa Reguengos de Monsaraz 2011 Monsaraz Reserva Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Cooperativa Reguengos de Monsaraz
US	"A blend of 83% Merlot and 17% Cabernet Sauvignon, this robust red is juicy and smoky, offering tastes of blackberry, cassis and mocha. Dusty tannins give a heaviness, accented by black licorice on the finish."	Mat Kearney	88	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Verse & Chorus 2013 Mat Kearney Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Verse & Chorus
US	"Shows good blackberry and currant flavors, but there's something off in the mouthfeel. It's a sharpness, a rugged, tart green chlorophyll feeling that suggests unripe tannins."		84	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Le Vigne di Domenico 2007 Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	Le Vigne di Domenico
Spain	"Leesy white fruit aromas open this blend of 80% Albariño with Loureiro and Treixadura. In the mouth, it's all citric acidity and stoniness. The body doesn't register. Flavors of blood orange and lemon are also minerally, while the finish is persistently linear."	O Rosal Davila	88	20	Galicia	Rías Baixas		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valmiñor 2014 O Rosal Davila White (Rías Baixas)	White Blend	Valmiñor
US	"This county-derived Cabernet is plush and pronounced in big, smoky tannins. A taste of berry pie evens things out, before a long, dry finish. It's a good pick for larger gatherings."		85	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Goyette 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Goyette
US	"Intense and perfumed, this has high-pitched aromas of rose oil, smoked meat and blackberry. Light, open-knit tannins and juicy acids make for a palate that is accessible and succulent. The acidity becomes more pickled in taste as the wine sits in the glass."	Zeus	84	26	Virginia	Virginia				Doukénie 2010 Zeus Red (Virginia)	Red Blend	Doukénie
US	"There's lots of good varietal character in this pleasant wine. It has correct flavors of blackcurrants, olives and herbs, and is wrapped in delicately soft tannins. The finish is dry and fruity. Not a lot of stuffing going on, but will be nice with roast beef."		85	12	California	Lodi	Central Valley			Leonardo Family Vineyards 2001 Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Leonardo Family Vineyards
South Africa	"Tart and fresh, with lovely aromas of grass, green plum and asparagus. Glimmers of stony minerality flash on the palate, with lime pith and plum skin flavors driving through to the mouthwatering finish. Brisk and slightly pricky texture."	Private Cellar Series	88	16	Coastal Region			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Steenberg 2010 Private Cellar Series Sauvignon Blanc (Coastal Region)	Sauvignon Blanc	Steenberg
Portugal	"This is a ripe, smooth wine. With spice from wood aging and balanced acidity, it is fruity as well as lightly structured. Drink now."	Reserva	87	14	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Castelinho 2013 Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Castelinho
US	"Lots of zingy acidity in this Chardonnay, along with ripe, jammy apricot, tangerine and lemon fruit flavors. It's an easy wine at an easy price."		83	8	California	California	California Other			Domino 2012 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Domino
US	"Subdued on the nose with hints of apple, pear and wet stones, this semi-sweet wine is stark and lean on the palate with flavors of pressed apple and lemons. It's refreshing and easy drinking with a tight, light-footed frame."	Sawmill Creek Vineyards Fred Block	86	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Red Newt Cellars 2012 Sawmill Creek Vineyards Fred Block Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Red Newt Cellars
US	"This is soft, delicate and finessed. It's not a blockbuster, but a silky charmer that offers layers of red currants, Dr. Pepper, vanilla and sandalwood. Ready to drink now."	River Ranch	90	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Renteria 2009 River Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Renteria
US	"Within an immensely heavy bottle lies a Chardonnay dark-golden in color and with barrel-fermentation written all over its body, which is hearty and nonlinear. The flavors tend toward coconut, pineapple and dried apple, concentrated and extracted in a big California way."		84	37	California	California	California Other	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Villa Oneiro 2012 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Villa Oneiro
Italy	"Structured yet refined, this opens with lovely, understated aromas of red berry, violet and a whiff of exotic spice. The palate is more expressive, delivering mouthwatering black cherry, vanilla, mocha and black pepper alongside a firmly tannic backbone. It closes on a licorice note. Drink 2016–2021."		92	56	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Bongiovanni 2009  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Cascina Bongiovanni
Italy	"Intense mint, menthol, ripe berry and dark spice aromas lead the nose. The palate offers dried black cherry mature raspberry, mint, thyme and clove alongside bracing tannins. Give this a few more years to reach its full potential. Drink after 2018."	Bussia	91	53	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Deltetto 2011 Bussia  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Deltetto
US	"Citrus and peach are on display, with a slight hint of wintergreen mint. There are enough tannins here to give it a residual flavor of peach tea. Overall it's a chunky, blocky style of Riesling, emphasizing pure fruit goodness over finesse."	Estate	88	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	David Hill 2016 Estate Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	David Hill
US	"Working with both Klipsun and Ciel du Cheval, winemaker Casey McClellan extracts the essence of both these great vineyards in his Red Mountain cuvées. Here is the raw power of 100% Klipsun Cabernet Sauvignon, full-throttle black fruits and mineral-soaked, chewy, dark tannins. It's all done in a wine with both length and precision; one that will surely age well over at least a decade."	Klipsun Vineyard	93	45	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Seven Hills 2010 Klipsun Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Seven Hills
France	"A wine that is both fruity and almost approachable now, it is packed with the great structure of Pauillac Cabernet Sauvignon. It's rich and firmly tannic, layering plums and blackberries within a dark texture. This should be aged for at least five years."		92	95	Bordeaux	Pauillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Béhèré Courtin 2010  Pauillac	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Béhèré Courtin
US	"This wine tastes like a superripe, late-harvest and lavishly oaked version, so that all the aromas and flavors seem to be in overdrive. It smells like cinnamon and vanilla, tastes like strawberry jam, and has a little white pepper in the finish."		86	14	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Whiplash 2013 Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Whiplash
US	"Technically proficient and showing a certain amount of style, this is a focused Cabernet with tart, tangy cassis and berry flavors. The barrel regimen adds bits of toast and mocha to the finish."		90	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	North by Northwest 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	North by Northwest
US	"This wine is a big one, going all out to make friends. New-oak aromas like clove, cedar and cinnamon explode out of the glass, then flavors of dark chocolate and cherry spread across the palate for a generous—almost thick—impression. Fine layers of tannins and firm acidity blanket the texture."	6th Sense	90	16	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Michael David 2013 6th Sense Syrah (Lodi)	Syrah	Michael David
Germany	"Sweet lemon-curd aromas are laced with hints of petroleum and smoke on the nose of this brisk, sprightly spätlese. Intensely ripe stone fruit flavors dance delicately on the palate, laced with white blossoms and lemony acidity."	Brauneberger Juffer-Sonnenuhr Spätlese	91	28	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. H. Thanisch (Erben Müller-Burggraef) 2011 Brauneberger Juffer-Sonnenuhr Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. H. Thanisch (Erben Müller-Burggraef)
Germany	"Earthy hints of pollen and crushed minerals lend complexity to honeyed swathes of peach and raspberry in this delicately framed auslese. It's racy and lithe, yet remarkably penetrating through a long finish."	Piesporter Goldtröpfchen Auslese Erste Lage	93	60	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		St. Urbans-Hof 2013 Piesporter Goldtröpfchen Auslese Erste Lage Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Urbans-Hof
Italy	"This blend of Montepulciano (85%) and Sangiovese is perky and clean with a nice touch of acidity beyond forest fruit, cherry and light shadings of exotic spice. It's solid, simple and easy-drinking."	Serrano	86	14	Central Italy	Rosso Conero				Umani Ronchi 2011 Serrano  (Rosso Conero)	Red Blend	Umani Ronchi
US	"This substantial dry rosé, mostly made from Carignane grapes, is extremely rich in color. Likewise, the flavors have plenty of juicy red wine notes like cherry, raspberry and earthy spices, and it balances well between good acidity and creamy viscosity. It can almost substitute for a red wine, and will add depth to occasions with equally flavorful food."	Wild Thing Rendezvous	90	15	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Carol Shelton 2013 Wild Thing Rendezvous Rosé (Mendocino)	Rosé	Carol Shelton
Spain	"Dry, fresh aromas of red fruits come across crisp and racy. The palate follows the nose's lead with medium weight and traditional snappy acidity. Flavors of plum, berry and cassis are clean, while the finish shows some richness via molasses and oaky notes."	Reserva	88	19	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Riscal 2008 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Marqués de Riscal
US	"The winery notes that these vines were planted in 1983, and the wine offers generous dry extract along with dried apple fruit. It's lightly tawny in color, with sappy acids. Best to drink up in 2017."	Dry	87	16	Oregon	Elkton Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Bradley 2015 Dry Riesling (Elkton Oregon)	Riesling	Bradley
US	"This is an earthy and somewhat savory wine, buoyed by level acidity. It offers stewed lemon and fennel around a feral nose."	Private Reserve	88	45	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Buena Vista 2012 Private Reserve Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Buena Vista
US	"Blended from Merlot and Cabernet Franc, this wine offers immediately luscious flavors of cherries, blueberries, currants, mocha and new oak. The tannins are considerable, and there's lots of acidity, but the wine is so ripe it's irresistible now with a great steak."	Estate Blend	90	50	California	Coombsville	Napa			Blue Oak 2010 Estate Blend Red (Coombsville)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Blue Oak
US	"The brambly wild berry flavors have an exotic edge of white pepper and Chinese five-spice that's interesting and even complex. But the wine is utterly lacking in acidity, which makes it syrupy even though it's totally dry."	Old Vine	81	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Jana 2005 Old Vine Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Jana
US	"The Mendocino Ridge appellation, which is defined by elevation boundaries, borders Anderson Valley. This Pinot shows cool-climate crispness but also fog-free, ripe flavors of raspberries and cherries that are deep and impressive. With a thick, juvenile mouthfeel, the wine should develop interesting bottle complexities over the next five years."	Valenti Vineyard	90	40	California	Mendocino Ridge				Drew 2009 Valenti Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mendocino Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Drew
Chile	"This citrusy wine is all grapefruit, lime and citrus peel, with green notes poking through. Enjoyable, easy and varietally characteristic of Sauvignon Blanc."		83	9	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Balduzzi 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Maule Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Balduzzi
Israel	"Easy-drinking and straightforward, this approachable Pinot offers bright notes of red cherry, blueberry and strawberry framed by dusty tannins and a softly herbal finish."	Classic	84	12	Negev			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Barkan 2010 Classic Pinot Noir (Negev)	Pinot Noir	Barkan
US	"Made in a leaner, crisper style than many Chards nowadays, this Chardonnay trades power for elegance. It's almost like a Sauvignon Blanc, with citrusy acids framing flavors of limes, pineapples and green apples that have a minerally edge. New French oak adds just the right touch of richness."	Calcaire	92	25	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Clos du Bois 2007 Calcaire Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Clos du Bois
France	"The largest of the premier crus of Vosne-Romanée can make complete wines, as in this example. It has ripe fruit, touched with juiciness, but it is the enveloping firm and full structure that gives the wine its special character. It has a range of sweet fruit flavors, allied to dark tannins, suggesting aging potential."	Les Suchots Premier Cru	93	145	Burgundy	Vosne-Romanée		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Père & Fils 2006 Les Suchots Premier Cru  (Vosne-Romanée)	Pinot Noir	Bouchard Père & Fils
US	"Winemaker Bill Owen consistently produces one of Washington's most stylish Rieslings. High in acid and low in alcohol, the sweet-tart balance of the wine is exciting and perfectly rendered. Despite a change in vineyard sources, this remains rich, round and juicy, with flavors of peach, apricot and a hint of fresh cream."		91	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	O•S Winery 2011 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	O•S Winery
US	"The numbers represent the grapes within: 75% Merlot, 23% Cabernet Sauvignon and 2% Petit Verdot. High in acidity, it shows a crispness of red berry, its core juicy and easy to like. Integrated oak keeps things simple and round, with leather and tobacco poking their heads on the finish."	Connect 75.23.2	90	62	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Passaggio 2014 Connect 75.23.2 Red (Sonoma County)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Passaggio
Germany	"The Westhofen Morstein seems the most vibrantly citrusy among Wittmann's 2014 GG bottlings. Its lemon-lime acidity is almost puckering, but cushioned by creamy textured layers of tangerine, grapefruit and yellow cherry flavor. It's a powerful, elegant wine with a deep mineral finish. Drinks well now but should intensify in minerality through 2020."	Westhofen Morstein Trocken GG	92	92	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wittmann 2014 Westhofen Morstein Trocken GG Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Wittmann
France	"A crisp, very textured wine that has red fruits and a salty edge from the closeness of the vines to the sea. It has a mineral texture, grapefruit and raspberry flavors, intense and bone dry. The wine needs food to be at its best."	Cuvée G	90	22	Provence	Bandol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Les Vignobles Gueissard 2013 Cuvée G Rosé (Bandol)	Rosé	Les Vignobles Gueissard
US	"A 100% Cabernet Sauvignon given two years in French oak, this sanguine, expertly structured and elegant wine offers plenty of bright cassis and blackberry flavor on the palate, seducing with complex layers of dried herb and black tea. Enjoyable now, this wine will also benefit from time; hold through 2022."		94	75	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wallis Family Estate 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Wallis Family Estate
Germany	"Hints of lemon shortbread, fresh apple and white flower unfold on the nose of this delicately honeyed wine. On the palate, sweet white-peach and yellow-cherry flavors run just a shade off dry. Easy going and fresh, it finishes long, with a streak of tangerine acidity."	Dom Off-Dry	89	18	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bischöfliche Weingüter Trier 2015 Dom Off-Dry Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Bischöfliche Weingüter Trier
US	"Prune, stewed plum and warm cranberry sauce blend with anise and brown spice on the nose of this wine from Paso Robles' Eastside. The flavors, framed by good acid and tannins, are evenly presented red fruits, with a distinct strawberry finish."	Still Waters Vineyard	89	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Phantom Rivers 2010 Still Waters Vineyard Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	Phantom Rivers
Argentina	"Minty, roasted berry aromas open this well-built Cabernet that's packed with plum, raspberry and wood-spice flavors. There's nothing complicated about this lively, oaky wine that runs long on the finish."	Punto Final Estate Grown	88	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Renacer 2014 Punto Final Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bodega Renacer
US	"Almond and anise open what evolves into a concentrated expression of a stellar vineyard site in a great vintage in good winemaking hands. Honey and baked peach initially fool the palate into anticipating that this wine might head into full-blown hedonism, but subtle layers of lemon, grapefruit and pear keep it crisp, fresh and ultimately complex. Creamy, it retains plenty of acidity for balance."	Olivet Lane Vineyard	94	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gary Farrell 2013 Olivet Lane Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Gary Farrell
France	"This intensely fresh red wine is a blend of Duras, Braucol and Syrah in a textured, stalky style that is tight and layered with tannins. It's certainly young, still bursting with fruit and needing to fill out as its tannins soften and its black currant fruit calms down. Then it will be a fascinating, complex wine, elegant and poised. Drink from 2018."	Grande Tradition	91	15	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Terrisses 2014 Grande Tradition Red (Gaillac)	Red Blend	Domaine des Terrisses
Italy	"Aromas of blue flower, tilled soil, and perfumed berries waft from the glass of this full-bodied Rosso. The smooth palate delivers succulent black cherry accented with sweet baking spices alongside supple tannins. Enjoy it now to capture the juicy fruit flavors."		91	90	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Padelletti 2011  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Padelletti
US	"If you are looking for elegant, moderate (13.7%) alcohol and old vine Cabernet flavors, here is your wine. Astringent tannins and lightly herbal, earthy undertones set the stage for the complex midpalate. No fruit dominates, but rather a mix of cranberry and rhubarb, strawberry and pomegranate, along with streaks of caramel from aging in American oak."	Old Vine	89	28	Washington	Snipes Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Upland Estates 2008 Old Vine Cabernet Sauvignon (Snipes Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Upland Estates
France	"Packed with red fruits, it shows structure and concentration. A mineral texture brings out the freshness of the fruit while also giving complexity. It could benefit from aging, so wait until the end of 2014."		91	23	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Roubine 2013 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Roubine
Italy	"A lovely wine with a bright and polished bouquet, this delivers loads of dark fruit, licorice, moist earth, Spanish cedar and white truffle. Its complexity and endurance are impressive. Thanks to the tight tannins, this wine should easily evolve over the next 10–20 years."	Coste di Rose	94	85	Piedmont	Barolo				Marchesi di Barolo 2007 Coste di Rose  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Marchesi di Barolo
Italy	"This round, structured Syrah opens with aromas of ripe black fruit, tilled soil and ground black pepper. The palate shows mature blackberry and raspberry together with notes of spice and clove. Velvety tannins provide the framework."	Perenzo	89	65	Tuscany	Maremma Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Magliano 2012 Perenzo  (Maremma Toscana)	Syrah	Fattoria di Magliano
US	"Very rich, creamy and oaky, made in the ripe, California style of Chardonnay. Brims with buttered toast, vanilla cream, and caramelized wood aromas and flavors riding over underlying pineapples, pears and limes. Flamboyant, if a little top-heavy. Ready now."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	88	38	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Tantara 2007 Bien Nacido Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Tantara
France	"This perfumed wine is firm with tannins that gives a spicy character. It has a dry core, a juicy aftertaste and rich blackberry fruit that will certainly develop as it matures. Give it some time and drink from 2021."		89	8	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Labrousse 2015  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Labrousse
US	"From a historic vineyard in the heart of the Napa Valley, this 100% Cabernet Sauvignon develops in the glass, evolving from muted aromas of earth and cinnamon spice to subtle cherry, cassis and oak. Balanced and lovely, the spice stays on the tongue throughout the long finish. It can easily be enjoyed now, but has the structure to age well through 2022."	Hayne Vineyard	91	105	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Nickel & Nickel 2012 Hayne Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Nickel & Nickel
France	This ripe rosé is warm and soft. It has a generous strawberry flavor that is just lightly touched by acidity. The aftertaste continues the soft theme and adds some pepper. It comes from a 61-acre vineyard surrounded by hills.		85	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Ponteveze 2015 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine de Ponteveze
US	"Spicy, with clove and juicy black-cherry flavors, this approachable, densely packed wine is full of fruit and integrated power, yet surprisingly balanced. Soft chocolate and tobacco notes accent the fruit as a long finish wraps up the experience."		90	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Stallion 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Black Stallion
US	"Aromas of this medium-bodied wine are smoky and herbal. The flavors combine black pepper, spicy oak notes and and almost-sweet fruits like plum and watermelon."	Reserve	85	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Red Rock 2014 Reserve Merlot (California)	Merlot	Red Rock
US	"A pleasing blend of black cherry, chocolate and herb flavors, all couched in powdery tannins that should smooth out nicely in the cellar. This moderate-bodied Merlot is good for drinking now, too. Finishes clean."	Limited Selection	88	35	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Gainey 1998 Limited Selection Merlot (Santa Ynez Valley)	Merlot	Gainey
US	"This is a flashy Chardonnay that's meant to impress. Big, oaky and ripe, this bears opulent waves of mangoes, papayas and apricots, with notes of buttered toast and sweet caramel. Not particularly subtle, but a crowd pleaser."	Durell Vineyard	89	40	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Armida 2010 Durell Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Armida
Italy	"The emphasis here is on elegance and the wine delivers a lighter mouthfeel with delicate layers of fresh berry, Mediterranean herbs, oregano and rosemary. There's nice fullness in the mouth, polished tannins and an overall delicate style."	Libatio Lunae	90	55	Tuscany	Toscana				Sant Agnese dei F.lli Gigli 2003 Libatio Lunae Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Sant Agnese dei F.lli Gigli
US	"This densely packed and very firm-textured wine will need aging to show its full potential. It has smoky, black pepper aromas and concentrated, dry flavors that layer with blackberry, blueberry and dark-chocolate impressions. A welcome sense of austerity keeps it from seeming sweet, and it features an elegant balance. Best after 2019."	Half Mile	93	60	California	Red Hills Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Obsidian Ridge 2011 Half Mile Red (Red Hills Lake County)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Obsidian Ridge
US	"This late-released bottling is incredibly interesting. Connoisseurs will appreciate the bone-dry minerality and acidity, the subtle creaminess from lees aging and the citrusy flavors that just begin to suggest tropical fruit. It should continue to develop in the bottle for a few more years."	Dobles Lías Don Miguel Vineyard	93	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Marimar Estate 2008 Dobles Lías Don Miguel Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Marimar Estate
US	"A pretty shade of pink bordering on mauve, this bottling shows bright watermelon, fresh strawberry and even red-plum aromas on the nose. The palate is zesty, almost effervescent, with baking-soda texture and lots of energy on the sip but not tons of flavor, with light red-berry elements."	Z Gris	87	18	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2015 Z Gris Rosé (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rosé	Zaca Mesa
Chile	"Herbal raspberry and leather aromas create an obtuse nose. This is round, not overly exact in feel, and mild in acidity. Peppery flavors of raspberry and cherry end in dry, standard fashion."	Reserve	86	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alba 2013 Reserve Pinot Noir (Maule Valley)	Pinot Noir	Santa Alba
US	"This bottling from Kick-on Ranch is fresh and easy on the nose, with lemon-lime soda, crisp Asian pear and sweet jicama aromas, making for a refreshing experience that almost everyone can enjoy. It's light in body and acid-powered on the palate, with Pink Lady apple hints."	Bright White	89	25	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Municipal Winemakers 2016 Bright White Riesling (Santa Barbara County)	Riesling	Municipal Winemakers
France	"This blend of 75% Merlot and 25% Cabernet Sauvignon is light, bright and crisp. It has red fruits and perfumed acidity along with a softly tannic aftertaste. It is not a wine for aging long so drink from 2018."		85	14	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Fleur Bellevue 2014  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Fleur Bellevue
US	"This Napa producer based in the Chiles Valley has made a big style of Cab here, with plenty of tannins and black currant aromas and flavor but the wine's acidity tastes a touch out of balance and could improve with time. Producer recommends waiting to open until 2013."	Estate	87	50	California	Chiles Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	RustRidge 2006 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Chiles Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	RustRidge
Spain	"This starts out savory and smoky on the nose, but with airing it turns murky. The palate is tight in structure, with red-fruit acidity. Flavors of cherry, raspberry and oaky vanilla turn roasted and stalky as this unwinds on a fresh-feeling finish."	Crianza	86	30	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lealtanza 2011 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Lealtanza
US	"This sophisticated wine is mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, which accounts for the firm tannins and dense structure as well as most of the blackberries and blackcurrants. Smaller amounts of Merlot and Cabernet Franc add cherries and violets, while oak contributes smoky complexities. Rich and elegant, the wine provides lovely drinking now."		92	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Silverado 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Silverado
Australia	"This starts off with scents of melon and wet stone. A sense of plumpness unfolds on the attack, then accelerates across the palate in a burst of bright, citrusy acids. A tactile, silky edge to the finish adds length and complexity."	The Lodge Hill Dry	91	19	South Australia	Clare Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Jim Barry 2016 The Lodge Hill Dry Riesling (Clare Valley)	Riesling	Jim Barry
US	"High-toned apple cider notes dominate the nose on this concentrated blend of Riesling, Vidal Blanc and Chardonnay from Virginia's Veramar. Full bodied but dry with a rich viscosity and a brisk, lemony acidity, it's straightforward, but enjoyable for a casual night's fare."	Tres Blanc	85	20	Virginia	Virginia		Anna Lee C. Iijima		Veramar NV Tres Blanc White (Virginia)	White Blend	Veramar
Italy	"Alluring scents of orchard fruit, nut and lemon drop lead the nose on this blend of Pinot Bianco, Friulano and Malvasia. The bright palate shows chopped herb, yellow apple, herb and mineral alongside vibrant acidity. A hint of almond signals the finish."	Fosarin	89	26	Northeastern Italy	Collio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ronco dei Tassi 2014 Fosarin White (Collio)	White Blend	Ronco dei Tassi
Italy	"This luminous Chardonnay from southern Italy imparts notes of spice, fresh herbs and little fruit. It is, however, rounded off by mineral notes and some citrus or pineapple-like aromas. It's an easy-drinking white with a chalky, almost sweet sensation in the mouth."	Rocca Normanna Le Sciare	86	10	Southern Italy	Salento				Cantine Due Palme 2005 Rocca Normanna Le Sciare Chardonnay (Salento)	Chardonnay	Cantine Due Palme
US	"Warm, round and full-flavored, this is packed with in-your-face flavors of cooked strawberries, blackberries and cherry-pie filling. The explosion of rich ripe fruit is captivating, and though it may not be right for long term cellaring, it's ready right now and most enjoyable. Drink now through 2020."	Nemarniki Vineyard	90	33	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Laelaps 2014 Nemarniki Vineyard Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Laelaps
US	"With a wealth of cherry, cassis, mocha and sandalwood flavors, this is one of the best Dry Creek Cabernets in recent memory. The rich flavors are wrapped into firm, dry tannins that give the mouthfeel a fine grippiness. There's no reason to age this beauty, but it will hold for a good six years."		91	36	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Draxton 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Dry Creek Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Draxton
US	"This is a bold combination of 89% Dolcetto from the Napa side of Carneros and 11% Barbera from one of its happy spots in the state, El Dorado County. Big bodied and tannic on entry, it softens in the glass to reveal bright red cherry and spearmint, with a touch of bitterness on the finish."	Zelo Rosso	88	36	California	Carneros-Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Uvaggio 2013 Zelo Rosso Red (Carneros-Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Uvaggio
France	"With bright fruitiness, this is an attractive black-currant flavored wine. It has fine acidity that cuts through the wine's gentle, tannic character and leaves a lively, fresh aftertaste."	Les Hauts de Bel-Air	85	10	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison Sichel 2011 Les Hauts de Bel-Air  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Maison Sichel
Portugal	"Produced from old vines on the schist slopes of the upper Douro, this is an impressive wine from Carla Costa Ferreira and winemaker-daughter Rita Marques Ferreira. Dark tannins in this still-young wine bring out bitter chocolate flavors as well as enhancing the dense black fruits. Along with the rich structure and concentration, this superb wine has a sense of restrained authority and certainly the ability to age. Drink from 2021."	Unico	95	120	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Conceito Vinhos 2015 Unico Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Conceito Vinhos
France	"This wine has considerable potential, with rich tannins and firm fruits. It is solid, very dry at this stage although this is balanced by dark plum skin and blackberry flavors. The wine will develop slowly, so don't drink before 2022. The first harvest at this estate was in 1252. The property is now owned by Bernard Magrez, a wine, art, culture and gastronomy patron."		94	90	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Pape Clément 2013  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Pape Clément
Austria	"The nose gives nothing away apart from the occasional grassy glimpse. The creamy, frothy palate shows soft apple and citrus notes fizzing away and ending on an off-dry, gentle finish, informed by real lemony freshness."	White Secco Méthode Traditionelle	87	20	Österreichischer Sekt			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Schlumberger Wein- und Sektkellerei NV White Secco Méthode Traditionelle Sparkling (Österreichischer Sekt)	Sparkling Blend	Schlumberger Wein- und Sektkellerei
US	"A mind-bending array of aromas come to play in this bottling by Winemaker Billy Wathen, with savory tones of crushed pepper, teriyaki, fresh but underripe berry fruit, piquant forest underbrush, wet chaparral and raw lamb gaminess. It's surprisingly light and lithe on the lovely palate, with black peppercorn, thyme, lavender and complex beef-stew notes."	Williamson-Doré Vineyard	94	46	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 2013 Williamson-Doré Vineyard Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Foxen
Mexico	"Smells crisp and pineapple-y and tastes of tart pineapple and pear, but the mouthfeel is thick and syrupy. Finishes relatively clean and tangy."		84	10	Valle de Guadalupe					L.A. Cetto 2001 Chardonnay (Valle de Guadalupe)	Chardonnay	L.A. Cetto
US	"Grassy and herbal, this might easily be mistaken for Sauvignon Blanc. There's plenty of acid evident, with lemony fruit that finishes short and tart."		85	17	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Archer 2011 Pinot Gris (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Gris	Archer
France	"Ripe and fruity, this is a finely balanced, already delicious wine. The tannins promise some aging potential, bringing a dry core to the rich blackberry fruit. It's firm, yet layered with fine juiciness. A forward wine that will still develop well."		90	13	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Peugeais 2011  Côtes de Bourg	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Peugeais
US	"Another of the producer's estate-grown offerings, this vineyard-designate is bittersweet on the palate, rich and yet softly smooth in anise and waxy apple. Plenty of acidity buoys the experience, adding to the wine's ability to stay crisply refreshing on the finish."	Bow Tie Vineyard	90	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	J Vineyards & Winery 2013 Bow Tie Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	J Vineyards & Winery
France	"For a wine from this appellation, this is soft, bringing out ripe fruit rather than structure. It means the wine will develop quickly and with charm as well as richness. The red fruits are already showing well, as is crisp acidity. Drink from 2018."		88	65	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Santenay 2014  Nuits-St.-Georges	Pinot Noir	Château de Santenay
US	"This fails to overcome its thin, unripe fruit. Strong scents of smoke and oak carry into the flavors, bringing a bitter end to the finish."		85	25	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Plaisance Ranch 2012 Merlot (Applegate Valley)	Merlot	Plaisance Ranch
Spain	"Robust black-fruit aromas suggest plum and blackberry. This everyday red is concentrated, generous and packed with power. Flavors of dark berry fruits, chocolate and espresso finish with verve and clarity."	Estate Bottled	88	9	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Paso a Paso 2012 Estate Bottled Tempranillo (La Mancha)	Tempranillo	Paso a Paso
Argentina	"Racy plum and cherry aromas lead to an edgy palate with bold acidity. Crisp, foxy flavors of raspberry and plum finish spicy and with pronounced acidity. This wine emphasizes acidity and freshness over ripeness and heft."	Finca Lalande	87	16	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaine Bousquet 2016 Finca Lalande Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Domaine Bousquet
US	"A wonderful nose mixes pineapple/tropical fruits, honeysuckle and some spicy herbs. The crisp and clean flavors are of green berries, melon and vanilla. Best Buy."	Fume	88	9	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hedges 1999 Fume Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Hedges
US	"Here's a big, powerful, juicy young Pinot Noir that precisely shows the terroir of Santa Lucia Highlands and Garys' Vineyard, as well as the qualities of the vintage. The wine is massive in ripe black cherry, black raspberry, currant, cola, licorice and mocha flavors. As big as it is, it retains an elegant silkiness. Should slowly develop over many years."	Garys' Vineyard	94	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Roar 2007 Garys' Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Roar
US	"Delicately structured, this Chardonnay has simple citrus peach flavors, with an undertow of green herbs. It's dry and tart with acidity."		83	17	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			The Archivist 2012 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	The Archivist
US	"This 100% Sauvignon Blanc has only neutral oak on it, which provides some softening to the briskly acidic flavors of grapefruits and limes. It's a savory wine, mouthwateringly dry."		89	18	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Bishop's Peak 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Edna Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bishop's Peak
Chile	"Boysenberry, cassis and baked plum aromas give this a berry driven outlook. The palate is thick and saturated but well balanced, with blackberry, cassis, tea and herbal flavors. On the finish, plum, prune and baked flavors blend with spice to create a nice ending. Drink through 2016."	Cuvée Don Reca Limited Release	89	23	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña La Rosa 2010 Cuvée Don Reca Limited Release Red (Cachapoal Valley)	Red Blend	Viña La Rosa
US	"Butter, salt, pear and fresh-squeezed orange comprise the leading aromas. Bright orange flavors persist on the palate, as do green apple, hints of papaya and the near-chalky sensation of white rock."		90	17	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Byron 2012 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Byron
US	"Seriously tasty and full-bodied, this inky-colored wine is packed with ripe fruit, fine tannins and firm texture, and needs a juicy steak or tender roast as a table mate. A core of black cherry and black plum is shaded by spicy oak."	Claret Diamond Collection Black Label	88	21	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Francis Coppola 2013 Claret Diamond Collection Black Label Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Francis Coppola
Italy	"This opens with aromas of pressed rose petal, underbrush, truffle, white pepper and leather. The already approachable palate delivers juicy black cherry, cooking spice and licorice. Drink through 2022."	Ravera	92	65	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Sordo 2012 Ravera  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Sordo
US	"This wine entices with its nuanced aromas of mineral, spice, almond butter, lemon pith, tropical fruit and chamomile. The flavors are concentrated while still showing exquisite restraint along with pitch-perfect balance. The extended finish kicks it up a notch."	Lola	91	35	Washington	Ancient Lakes	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Efeste 2013 Lola Chardonnay (Ancient Lakes)	Chardonnay	Efeste
US	"Smoky char takes on a grilled meatiness in this wine, a fatness of bacon and blackberry jam emphasizing the intense ripeness and grip of it all. Blackberry jam and vanilla sweetness underscore its big personality."	Maestro Collection Ranch 11	85	34	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Beaulieu Vineyard 2013 Maestro Collection Ranch 11 Zinfandel (St. Helena)	Zinfandel	Beaulieu Vineyard
US	"Roasted coffee bean, ember and spice aromas take the lead on this blend. The flavors display the same, showing a surprising amount of restraint for the vintage."	Abracadabra	88	22	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Brian Carter Cellars 2013 Abracadabra Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Brian Carter Cellars
US	"Made from mostly Merlot grapes that went direct-to-press to preserve color and tannin, this is a dark, pink and nutty wine, full-bodied and somewhat intense. While dry, the fruit leans toward the tangy end of the spectrum. It's food friendly and thirst quenching."	Bell Mountain Estate	87	27	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Medlock Ames 2015 Bell Mountain Estate Rosé (Alexander Valley)	Rosé	Medlock Ames
Australia	"Hints of honey, citrus and petrol mark the aromas of this wine from a legendary Eden Valley estate. It's a medium-bodied rendition of Riesling, dry and petrolly, with a long, concentrated finish that suggests that this wine could safely be cellared for up to 10 years."	Individual Vineyard Selection Dry	87	15	South Australia	Eden Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Pewsey Vale 2008 Individual Vineyard Selection Dry Riesling (Eden Valley)	Riesling	Pewsey Vale
Austria	"This wine does take time to open up but convinces with a spicy freshness dominated by lemon zest and a suggestion of wet pebbles. Concentrated yet subtle, this deserves some aging but is delicious right now."	Grassnitzberg	91	33	Südsteiermark			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Tement 2013 Grassnitzberg Sauvignon Blanc (Südsteiermark)	Sauvignon Blanc	Tement
US	"Shows more gooseberry and feline notes than previous vintages, but there's still enough sweet spearmint and pink grapefruit flavor to satisfy. The acidity is lovely and mouthwatering."		88	18	California	Mendocino				Patianna 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Mendocino)	Sauvignon Blanc	Patianna
US	"Stemmy in earthy pine and clove-like spice, this is a powerfully dense and delicious wine. It's on the higher side in terms of alcohol, though doesn't reflect it in bouquet or taste. Savory dark berry wraps itself around mushroomy truffles and black tea to linger on the tongue through a lengthy, weighty finish."	Sangiacomo Roberts Road Vineyard	91	58	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pali 2013 Sangiacomo Roberts Road Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Pali
Macedonia	"Lavender and ripe black-cherry aromas are enticing on this Pinot Noir. Dry and full bodied, it doesn't have a lot of concentration, but it's softly fruity, with hints of soil and autumn leaf."		84	15	Tikves			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Macedon 2010 Pinot Noir (Tikves)	Pinot Noir	Macedon
US	"Delivers lots of bang for the buck. Shows real Chardonnay character, with rich vanilla cream-infused flavors of ripe pineapples, pears, sautéed bananas, buttered toast and honey. At this price, it's a fantastic buy that can stand next to Chards costing far more."		90	13	California	California	California Other			MooBuzz 2007 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	MooBuzz
Italy	"This textbook entry-level Merlot combines plum, mocha and herb shadings in a soft, almost sweet-tasting wine that's sure to be poured by the glass at innumerable restaurants nationwide. There's just enough tannin on the finish to give it the strength to pair with red meats."		84	11	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Danzante 2000 Merlot (Sicilia)	Merlot	Danzante
US	"The winery sources this fruit from a vineyard near Hollister. It delivers aromas of bramble berry, espresso-dipped cherry and allspice. Cherry and chocolate power the palate, which also benefits from lifting mint, sagebrush and eucalyptus, finishing with chopped herbs."	Vista Verde Vineyard	93	58	California	San Benito County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Williams Selyem 2012 Vista Verde Vineyard Pinot Noir (San Benito County)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
US	"A little thin and herbal, but shows enough Chard character to accompany good shellfish or a chicken or veal dish. Modestly oaked, the wine has peach, tangerine, buttercream and smoky flavors."		84	18	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Simi 2006 Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Simi
US	"Light and clean aromas of Asian pear, pear blossoms, apple flesh and white flowers show on the nose of this bottling from a property on the far western edge of the maritime appellation. Bright acidity presents flavors of lime, green apples, Anjou pear flesh and a touch of kiwi, with savory sea-salt touches."		93	35	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Presqu'ile 2014 Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Presqu'ile
US	"A piney, minty, earthy aroma and citrus and herb flavors make this light-bodied wine appetizing. It's dry and well-balanced and has plenty of personality, so drink up."		89	20	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Longboard 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (North Coast)	Sauvignon Blanc	Longboard
Italy	"This opens with rather funky aromas of scorched earth, overripe black-skinned fruit and a whiff of barnyard. The extracted palate offers mature black cherry, toast, espresso and a gamey note alongside tightly packed tannins. A note of roasted coffee bean signals the close."	Arborina La Foia	88	90	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Curto Marco 2011 Arborina La Foia  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Curto Marco
US	"A soft, simple wine, with cherry cough medicine flavors."		81	10	California	California	California Other			Discoveries 2009 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Discoveries
France	"This is initially a somewhat austere wine, but that derives from the tannins of Saint-Estèphe. Underneath those tannins are solid, chunky fruits and a great generosity and richness."		92	35	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Phélan-Ségur 2000  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Phélan-Ségur
Spain	"Scratchy, moderately woody aromas of berry fruits are lightly herbal yet direct. This is chunky and wide in feel. Flavors of dark fruits blend with green-herb and rosemary notes, while the finish tastes foresty and lightly herbal. The “five” in the name applies to months in oak."	Give Me Five By Javier Rodriguez	86	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Rodriguez Sanzo 2013 Give Me Five By Javier Rodriguez  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Rodriguez Sanzo
Italy	"This beautiful sparkler rested on its lees for 70 months, giving it extra smoothness and rich denseness. The bouquet is redolent of apricot, ripe fruit, melon and lightly toasted baguette. The mouthfeel is long, elegant and driven by fine perlage."	Casa delle Colonne Zero Riserva Millesimato	93	55	Lombardy	Franciacorta				Fratelli Berlucchi 2005 Casa delle Colonne Zero Riserva Millesimato Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Fratelli Berlucchi
Chile	"Lightly herbal strawberry and raspberry aromas are authentic and fresh. On the palate, this is light and juicy, with snappy, lean flavors of red fruit and dry spice. The finish is dry and oaky."	Reserve	85	13	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tres Palacios 2011 Reserve Pinot Noir (Maipo Valley)	Pinot Noir	Tres Palacios
US	"Polished and balanced, this masterpiece shows restraint and it's already drinkable. With its great acidity and its fine intermingling of spice and red fruit flavors, this wine will appeal to lovers of Gamay and Pinot Noir."	Méthode à l'Ancienne	91	29	California	Anderson Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Navarro 2010 Méthode à l'Ancienne Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Navarro
Chile	"Consistency is always a virtue, and once again this wine is creamy, fully oaked and more European in style than most Chilean Chardonnays. The nose is like popcorn, with apple and peach in the background. Flavors of banana, coconut, melon and apple carry the rich palate, while the finish is smooth and oaky. This is very good Chardonnay even if it lacks the extra elements required of a great wine. Drink now for its freshness."	Maquehua	88	19	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Miguel Torres 2002 Maquehua Chardonnay (Curicó Valley)	Chardonnay	Miguel Torres
Italy	"Made from grapes that have been exposed to muffa nobile or botrytis, this lovely dessert wine boasts sensations of candied fruit, dried apricot, almond and ripe yellow peach. The rich flavors are balanced with freshness, making it an ideal meditation wine to sip after dinner or pair it with seasoned cheeses."	Muffato della Sala	90	60	Central Italy	Umbria		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Marchesi Antinori 2008 Muffato della Sala White (Umbria)	White Blend	Marchesi Antinori
France	"This is a single-vineyard wine from Pfaffenheim. Giving a touch of spice as well as delicate acidity, it's light, bright and fruity. Crisp right through and attractively perfumed, it is ready to drink now."	Rieflé Bihl	84	32	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Rieflé-Landmann 2012 Rieflé Bihl Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Rieflé-Landmann
US	"Richness and ripeness combine with just enough juicy acidity in this wine that smells lemony, figgy and buttery. Tastes recall ripe pears and fig bars without being sweet. It's an appealing wine with personality and good balance."		87	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Josh Cellars 2013 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Josh Cellars
US	"Jam and vanilla aromas and ripe raspberry flavors make this plenty fruity, while crisp acidity lends just a touch of grip to the silky texture. It's medium bodied and easy to drink."		86	18	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Helwig 2012 Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Helwig
Israel	"This dark garnet-colored blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 45% Merlot and 5% Petit Verdot has aromas of blackberry, raspberry and rose petal. Flavors of black cherry and anise with touches of green pepper and menthol ride a layer of barely-there tannins into the soft finish."	Petit Castel	89	45	Judean Hills			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Domaine du Castel 2011 Petit Castel Red (Judean Hills)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Domaine du Castel
Portugal	"This wine is woody, showing concentrated toast and vanilla flavors. It seems to be missing its fruit."	Quinta da Levandeira Reserva	82	20	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roncão 2012 Quinta da Levandeira Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Roncão
US	"This is a big, age-worthy 100% Cabernet Sauvignon. Tasted now, it's dryly tannic, with the black currant and crème de cassis flavors buried under a cloak of astringency. New oak, which comprises 80% of the barrels, adds even greater tannins. Give this wine at least six years, and it should continue to blossom in a good cellar for another decade."	Alexander	95	125	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Volker Eisele Family Estate 2007 Alexander Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Volker Eisele Family Estate
US	"The squat Port-like bottle is the first indication that this is no ordinary Sauvignon Blanc. The juice was intentionally oxidized, then barrel fermented and aged on the lees. It's complex winemaking, and delivers a toasty textural wine with less snap and more softness that is usual with this grape. If you like the pricier barrel-fermented Sancerres, this is in your wheelhouse."	Russell-Grooters Vineyard	90	42	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rocky Point 2014 Russell-Grooters Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc	Sauvignon Blanc	Rocky Point
US	"Dark and smoky, this wine is relatively tannic and emphasizes flavors of leaf, bark, root and herb. There's plenty of depth and exceptional power to this wine, which seems unique among New World Tempranillos."	Impulsivo En Chamberlin Vineyard	94	80	Oregon	Walla Walla Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cayuse 2009 Impulsivo En Chamberlin Vineyard Tempranillo (Walla Walla Valley (OR))	Tempranillo	Cayuse
US	"A modest wine that has much to be modest about. It's dry and rather simple, with candied cherry-berry, cola and spice flavors."		84	19	California	California	California Other			One Hope 2009 Merlot (California)	Merlot	One Hope
US	"The new Mercer Canyons label gets off to a good start with this Chardonnay that's low in alcohol and clean. Bracing and leesy, this is definitely European in style, and it offers celery and melon flavors along with palate-refreshing minerality."		88	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mercer Canyons 2011 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Mercer Canyons
Spain	"Yeasty and soda-like on the nose, this smells grassy but pleasant, with a hint of pool-water chlorine. Citric acidity and proper body weight make for nice palate, while lime and tropical fruit flavors finish with a green note of lettuce and tarragon."	Bruel	88	28	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Alella 2013 Bruel Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Alta Alella
Portugal	"From old, mixed planting vineyards in the Quinta do Vallado, this is an impressively complex blend of flavors, from rich spice, smooth tannins, the richest plum juice and a gorgeous, opulent texture. It is ripe, drinkable now, but likely to benefit from several years aging."	Reserva Field Blend	94	60	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Vallado 2007 Reserva Field Blend Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Vallado
US	"Hailing from the recently designated Paso Highlands subappellation, this hearty wine shows earthy aromas of nutmeg, iron, hot rocks, loam and cherry extract. It's lush and ripe with cassis and black cherry fruit, yet shows a more elegant chalkiness on the palate as well, rounded out by cocoa powder."	French Camp Vineyard	88	38	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tobin James 2012 French Camp Vineyard Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Tobin James
US	"The reserve Cab from Jones spent 18 months in new French and American oak, and the resulting wine is big, liquorous, and astringent. Layers of smoke, espresso, vanilla bean and tobacco wrap around a core of cassis. This is dark, pure and potent."	Jack's Reserve Estate Vineyards	87	30	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Jones of Washington 2009 Jack's Reserve Estate Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon (Wahluke Slope)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jones of Washington
France	"It takes a while for the friendly, pure pear fruit to show itself. Once apparent, it shines and is wonderfully sunny, light and balanced. Fresh acidity brightens and lifts everything and makes the fruit flavors finish dry with overtones of green apple."	Réserve	90	23	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Ehrhart 2013 Réserve Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Ehrhart
US	"Black cherries, cola, fennel and dill come together for a thick aromatic profile on this blend of Grenache, Syrah and Carignane. Pencil lead, blackberry preserves and black pepper show on the palate, which is rich but not particularly fruity, thanks to beef char and woody flavors."	Complicated	88	20	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Taken Wine Co. 2013 Complicated Red (Central Coast)	Red Blend	Taken Wine Co.
US	"This wine required considerable aeration before it began opening up. Once there, the airy pretty fruit flavors emerged, a mix of Bing cherries and a dusting of malt powder. It's got a buoyant midpalate and a pleasing streak of orange Creamsicle."	Olenik Vineyard Wadensvil Block	92	48	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Patricia Green Cellars 2015 Olenik Vineyard Wadensvil Block Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Patricia Green Cellars
US	"Bright with a touch of smoky leather, this ripe, full-bodied red is lengthy and lush on the palate, seasoned with black pepper, mocha and blackberry preserve."	Rockpile Road Vineyard	88	40	California	Rockpile	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rosenblum 2013 Rockpile Road Vineyard Zinfandel (Rockpile)	Zinfandel	Rosenblum
US	"This is a generous, leathery and tannic wine, full-bodied and made in a juicy, foreboding style. Black pepper, leather and cigar smoke provide a sultry, robust edge to the wine, which should cellar well, through 2020."		90	150	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Foretell 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Spring Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Foretell
US	"This wine is a blend of Merlot (28%), Cabernet Franc (26%), Petit Verdot (21%), Cabernet Sauvignon (15%) and Tempranillo. Aromas of red fruit, herbs, pencil eraser and tobacco are followed by full-feeling red and black fruit flavors backed by grainy tannins."	Exhibition	88	22	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Fall Line 2012 Exhibition Red (Yakima Valley)	Red Blend	Fall Line
US	"Made from what Californians call the Pommard clone, this has a light, traditional garnet color. Fresh and lively fruit aromas resemble cranberries and red cherries, followed by tangy fruit and cinnamon flavors of medium intensity, supported by firm acidity and moderate tannins."	Charles Vineyard Clone O5	89	49	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Foursight 2012 Charles Vineyard Clone O5 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foursight
US	"A hearty cradling of oak provides a tinge of vanilla sweetness here, before richer notions of apple pie and cinnamon tug at the wine's fuller-bodied core. It'll appeal to fans of this richer, riper style, while still finishing in a measure of acidity."	Classic Collection	86	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Napa Cellars 2014 Classic Collection Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Napa Cellars
US	"Sometimes in a challenging vintage such as 2009, it is the least expensive, blended wines that benefit most, perhaps because grapes normally destined for the single-vineyard wines are redirected. Here, rich fruit flavors highlighted with streaks of caramel and toffee get things rolling quickly. Berries and cherries, firm acids, pretty spice and a lingering butterscotch finish."	Yamhill Cuvée	91	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Serene 2009 Yamhill Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Serene
US	"This is a 100% varietal wine, age-worthy and decadent, a hedonistic display of raspberry and chocolate with just the barest hint of clove and pepper. Soft, velvety tannins give it additional lushness and pleasurability. It's enjoyable now, but should hold well through 2022."	Barrel Reserve	94	98	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Stallion 2012 Barrel Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Black Stallion
US	"Dusty mineral tones accent bright peach and apricot flavors on this slightly off-dry Riesling. Tart lemon-lime acidity lends brightness to the palate, extending a finish flecked with dried, savory herbs."		86	19	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Influence 2012 Riesling (New York)	Riesling	Influence
US	"Pure Cabernet Sauvignon from the Yellow Jacket, Waliser and Pepper Bridge vineyards, this supremely rich and expressive wine is riveting for its depth and detail, and it's packed with red, blue and black fruits. Whiffs of smoke, graphite and stone add complexity, and the hint of bitter chocolate in the finish is the capper."		93	29	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Beresan 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beresan
France	"Warm, plummy and inviting, with plum and black cherry fruit framed by crisp acidity. The combination makes for a juicy, mouthwatering finish in this fine everyday red."	Cuvée Tradition	86	13	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine de la Bastide 2009 Cuvée Tradition Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine de la Bastide
France	"Made from 65% Syrah and 35% Grenache, this salmon-colored rosé is ripe and fruity, boasting attractive aromas and flavors of red cherry, raspberry and plum, all laced by a hint of white chocolate. The medium-weight palate is fleshy and flavorful, with a medium-length close."	Col de l'Orb	85	12	Languedoc-Roussillon	Saint-Chinian		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Cave de Roquebrun 2015 Col de l'Orb Rosé (Saint-Chinian)	Rosé	Cave de Roquebrun
US	"A Grenache-Syrah-Petite Sirah blend from a warmer part of the county. Cool nights yield good acids, but the wine isn't fully ripened. You can taste green, stalky flavors alongside the red cherry ones. The mouthfeel is a bit rough. Still, it's not without interest. —S.H."	Cotes du Crow's	86	14	California	California	California Other			Morgan 2000 Cotes du Crow's Red (California)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Morgan
Italy	"Red berry aromas and cherry and candied fruit are backed by spice, horsehide and tobacco. The mouthfeel is thinner, streamlined and still a bit raw."	Mongrana	88	18	Tuscany	Maremma				Agricola Querciabella 2005 Mongrana  (Maremma)	Red Blend	Agricola Querciabella
France	"Raspberry and cherry aromas are at the fore of the bouquet, with an attractive floral character teasing in the background. The palate offers ripe, juicy fruit flavors that are lifted by ample acidity and finish quick yet clean on the close. Drink now."	Villa Blanche Grenache	85	15	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Calmel & Joseph 2016 Villa Blanche Grenache Rosé (Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	Calmel & Joseph
US	"There's a bittersweet tartness to the tannin profile within this wine that is otherwise dusted in cedar, dried herb and black currant. With a big, full-bodied presence of oak, it shows ripe and robust fruit character and plenty of bite."	District Collection	86	85	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Raymond 2013 District Collection Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Raymond
Portugal	"One of a series of wines named after the ancient Roman city of Callabriga, this is solid, structured and wood-aged. Big black fruits stride across the palate giving both richness and a dense texture. It's a wine to age until mid-2015, although it is delicious enough to drink now."	Callabriga	91	16	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Sogrape 2011 Callabriga Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Sogrape
US	"Marked by jammy fruit and high acidity, this Syrah is strong in cherries, raspberries and oak. It's not especially subtle, but it is pretty and polished, and could even acquire bottle complexity over the next 3–4 years."	Y3	86	29	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Jax 2005 Y3 Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Jax
New Zealand	"California winemaker Nick Goldschmidt reaches back to his New Zealand roots for this bottling. It's a finely balanced mélange of grapefruit, cut grass and fig notes carried by medium body and a soft, appealing finish."	Wax Eye	88	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Forefathers 2014 Wax Eye Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Forefathers
US	"This wine seems to show some oxygen exposure, with notes of brown spices, vanilla, pepper and overripe pear. It's a shame because the luscious, rich cherry and raspberry flavors deliver. Tasted twice with consistent notes."		88	28	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tempus Cellars 2011 Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Tempus Cellars
US	"This is sourced from old vines, and brings typically intense, phenolic aromatics in a dry, extended and lingering style. Citrus-rind scents and dried-apple flavors abound, and it's textural and persistent, though not what you'd call fruity. The length and development are its best attributes."		90	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amity 2014 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Amity
France	This is a powerfully structured wine from a 18-acre property on the plateau of Pomerol. Rich Merlot dominates and gives the wine both its alcohol and its intense tannins and juicy red fruits. The wine is dense with the potential for aging over a considerable time. Drink from 2025.		95	250	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Trotanoy 2014  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Trotanoy
Australia	"Very similar in style and feel to the 2005 offering, Wise's 2006 Single Vineyard Chardonnay is a crisp, nicely structured wine with a preponderance of citrus and toasty oak flavors. Apple and pear notes add just the right amount of fleshiness."	Single Vineyard	90	27	Western Australia	Western Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Wise 2006 Single Vineyard Chardonnay (Western Australia)	Chardonnay	Wise
US	"An earthy, aged aroma, very dark color and flavors like raisins and Port add up to a good after-dinner wine to try with chocolate, cheese or a cigar. Sweetness is evident, concentration, too, and full body is a given in a late-harvest style like this."	Reserve Harde Vineyard	86	25	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Charles B. Mitchell 2013 Reserve Harde Vineyard Zinfandel (El Dorado)	Zinfandel	Charles B. Mitchell
US	"Aromatically a bit dull, this blend of 54% Syrah, 25% Cinsault, 11% Mourvèdre and 10% Grenache is structured, dense and lush, tasting of tar and black fruit."	Melange De Reves	85	28	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Leonesse Cellars 2008 Melange De Reves Red (Temecula Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Leonesse Cellars
US	"Babcock's Fathom seriously needs heat to ripen, and 2006 just didn't offer enough warmth. As a result, this Merlot and Petit Verdot blend has a stubbornly green, minty streak. It's very dry, with some good chocolate-  covered cherry candy flavors, but that tartness detracts."	Fathom	86	40	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Babcock 2006 Fathom Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Babcock
Greece	"Buttery spice and fresh citrus aromas lead this likeable white. Sea salt, graphite and ripe oranges on the palate offer crisp yet rounded flavors. A spicy finish seals the deal. Pair with fresh fish, fruit."	Estate Hatzimichalis	86	22	Atalanti Valley			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Hatzimichalis 2009 Estate Hatzimichalis Chardonnay (Atalanti Valley)	Chardonnay	Hatzimichalis
Italy	"Here's a charming, savory blend of Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo and Colorino that opens with aromas of red berry, violet and a whiff of sweet cake spice. The bright, juicy palate offers crunchy red berry, cinnamon, anise and orange zest while lithe tannins and fresh acidity offer support. Easy drinking and delicious, it's made for sheer drinking pleasure. Drink through 2018."		90	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta di Capraia 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Tenuta di Capraia
France	"Salmon pink in color, a wine that is soft and smooth with rich fruits, vanilla and some concentration. It is balanced with acidity while keeping the ripe fruit right to the fore."		90	17	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de l'Eole 2010 Rosé (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rosé	Domaine de l'Eole
France	"While the wood flavors are prominent, they don't mask the ripe berry fruits in this Merlot-dominant blend. Blaye sister-brother team of Marie-Pierre et Pierre-Charles Dartier produced a wine with a rich character. It is full of wood spice, hints of mint and acidity. Drink from 2019."	Tradition	89	15	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Cailleteau Bergeron 2014 Tradition  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Cailleteau Bergeron
Australia	"This blend of 54% Grenache, 28% Shiraz and 18% Mourvèdre often offers solid value. The 2009 features hints of mocha, vanilla and red plum on the nose, accented by a pinch of peppery cinnamon. In the mouth, it's medium to full in body and richly textured without being over the top, then ends on a warming spice note. Drink now and over the next few years."	Avignon	90	35	South Australia	Barossa Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Kaesler 2009 Avignon Red (Barossa Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Kaesler
France	"This is an immediately attractive, fruity wine. Crisp acidity cuts through the red currant and berry fruits to give a light and refreshing wine that has a tight, mineral aftertaste."	Cuvée Jeanne	88	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Castel des Maures 2014 Cuvée Jeanne Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Castel des Maures
Chile	"Simple and clean up front, with inviting aromas. The mouth on this wine is broad and satisfying, and the flavors of plum, blackberry, black olive and buttery oak work in tandem. The finish is a bit aggressive, and here the oak is powerful as it leaves a bitter lasting sensation. But overall the wine impresses for its solidity and full fruit."	Oak Aged - Reserve	86	10	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montes 2001 Oak Aged - Reserve Malbec (Colchagua Valley)	Malbec	Montes
US	"Like the label says, this Pinot Noir-based blend of multiple varieties is sugary sweet, with raspberry, vanilla and toast flavors. It's a refreshing and easy to drink."	Sweet Rosé	86	14	California	California	California Other			Korbel NV Sweet Rosé Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
US	"Good price for a Cabernet this rich and fruity. It's dry, tannic and full-bodied, with blackberry, black currant, dark chocolate and oak flavors made for drinking now."	Spirit Hawk	86	15	California	California	California Other			Lander-Jenkins 2010 Spirit Hawk Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lander-Jenkins
US	"Very fruity and a little spicy, this medium- to full-bodied wine has a smooth texture, nicely concentrated black-cherry and blueberry flavors and a good sense of layering and length."	Purple Blend	86	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Rare 2014 Purple Blend Red (California)	Red Blend	Rare
France	The wine has good ripe red fruits as well as layers of tannin. It has some concentration and weight behind juicy acidity. It will develop well and should be ready from 2017.		87	22	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Courteillac 2014  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Domaine de Courteillac
US	"Creamy lemon curd and fresh apple notes are offset by savory tones of mushroom and truffle in this very classic Chardonnay sparkler. A laser-edged strike of lemon-lime acidity grips the midpalate but is cushioned neatly by soft, mouth-filling mousse that lingers on the finish."	Blanc de Blancs Méthode Traditionelle	90	30	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fox Run 2012 Blanc de Blancs Méthode Traditionelle Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Fox Run
Germany	"Chalk and slate meld into blossomy floral tones in this fragrant off-dry Riesling. Zesty and spry, the palate is marked by flavors of freshly pressed apple, pear and lemon. Drink now through 2020."	Rüdesheim Bischofsberg Kabinett Feinherb	89	20	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Nägler 2014 Rüdesheim Bischofsberg Kabinett Feinherb Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Dr. Nägler
US	"Anchored in fig, plum and berry fruit, this is a substantial effort for both the vintage and the price. It will show best with hearty, cold-weather dishes. Hints of cinnamon and chocolate extend the finish."		87	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Silvan Ridge 2013 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Silvan Ridge
US	"Aromas of barrel spice, vanilla, dill and blue-black fruit are bright and focused. The plum and barrel flavors show depth and a sense of texture, with lingering flavors. This wine is not typically Cabernet but it offers much appeal."	Indian Wells	90	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2013 Indian Wells Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"This is a breadwinner bottling for the otherwise high-end, single-vineyard specialists from Los Gatos. It's a solid deal, offering a tight, slightly sour nose of cranberry juice, graphite and violets. The palate clings to juicy cherries with a sage-like twist."	Cuvee 107	88	20	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2013 Cuvee 107 Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
US	"Outstanding, with a honeyed note that suggests a hint of botrytis. A lovely blending of complex fruits, perfectly set against the acids and residual sugar just over one percent. This resonates beautifully."		92	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Penner-Ash 2009 Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Penner-Ash
US	"To call it entry level does not do justice to the quality here—this would be reserve level at many wineries. A generous mix of blueberry and black cherry fruit rolls seamlessly through the fruit-driven core, annotated with barrel notes of cola, coffee and cream."	Unfiltered	91	29	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Christopher 2012 Unfiltered Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	J. Christopher
France	"Made using fruit sourced from a parcel of vines more than 60 years old, this is a dense, dark wine, with herb, dark fig and plum notes. Solid and concentrated, it has a firm texture, and the dusty tannins match well with the ripe fruit. Age for 7–8 years."	Réserve Caillou	92	35	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Gaudou 2009 Réserve Caillou Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château de Gaudou
Italy	"The color is just beginning to show signs of browning at the edge, but the wine is still fresh and vibrant. The nose is complex, showing licorice, summer fruits, caramel and roses. On the palate, it is soft and pleasant, but lacks some concentration.  At its peak, but will drink well for a few years."	Sorano	91	60	Piedmont	Barolo				Giacomo Ascheri 2001 Sorano  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Giacomo Ascheri
France	"This wine comes from one of the best vineyard sites in Savigny-lès-Beaune, on the slope closest to Beaune. It is a smooth, perfumed and ripe wine that has a balanced structure under the bright red-cherry flavor. Still bursting with young fruit, the wine will age, so wait to drink until 2019."	Les Marconnets Premier Cru	90	60	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Nicolas Potel 2014 Les Marconnets Premier Cru  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Nicolas Potel
US	"Made in an immediately appealing style, this dry Pinot has a silky elegance that makes it easy to savor the cherry, currant, cola, pomegranate and pepper flavors. Best now and for a few years."	Amber Ridge Vineyard	87	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Twin Oaks 2006 Amber Ridge Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Twin Oaks
US	"Sweet and soft in vanilla, buttered toast, golden apricot and lemon honey flavors. Turns cloying after a sip or two."		84	25	California	Rutherford	Napa			In Re 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Rutherford)	Sauvignon Blanc	In Re
Italy	"Black plum, tilled soil, leather and grilled sage aromas lead the nose on this structured wine. The dense palate delivers blackberry, blueberry, dried date, roasted coffee bean and mocha alongside firm, drying tannins. A licorice note marks the finish."	Podere Le Maragnole	89	45	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Bertarole 2010 Podere Le Maragnole  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Le Bertarole
Spain	"Reduced, jammy and inky on the nose, this feels big, muscular and tannic on the palate. Blackberry, cassis and plum flavors are good and ripe, while the finish feels rubbery and tough, with toasty lead flavors and a licorice note."		87	10	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Picolino 2012 Red (Montsant)	Red Blend	Picolino
US	"Grapes come from Alexander, Dry Creek and Russian River valleys to make this wine, first released in 1997. Oaky and mild-mannered on the palate, it shows touches of clove, black pepper and dried herb, while robust tannins play a supporting role."	Richard McDowell's Selection	84	16	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Toad Hollow 2014 Richard McDowell's Selection Merlot (Sonoma County)	Merlot	Toad Hollow
France	"Showing plenty of the concentration this village can produce, this wine from a small parcel is structured to age. It's rich while keeping the acidity and crispness of the year in mind. Drink from 2021."	Les Sionnières	91	60	Burgundy	Morey-Saint-Denis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Nuiton-Beaunoy 2014 Les Sionnières  (Morey-Saint-Denis)	Pinot Noir	Nuiton-Beaunoy
US	"Ferguson is L'Ecole's newest estate vineyard, and this Bordeaux-style blend marks its single-vineyard debut. It's 57% Cabernet Sauvignon, 32% Merlot and 11% Cabernet Franc, grown at 1,500 feet in almost pure basalt. The minerality is a signature trait, along with raspberry, cassis and wild cherry fruit flavors. This seems sure to improve by 2020–2022."	Ferguson Vineyard Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot-Cabernet Franc	92	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	L'Ecole No. 41 2011 Ferguson Vineyard Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot-Cabernet Franc Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	L'Ecole No. 41
Chile	"Dense aromas of earth, berry fruits, latex and animal fur are a touch challenging at first but balance out with airing. This has a crisp, fresh feel despite coming from a hot year. Lightly herbal, leathery flavors of red currant and wild berry finish oaky, with more than adequate filling."		89	20	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Maquis 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Maquis
France	"There is a touch of earthiness typical of Menetou-Salon in this wine. It brings out gooseberry, catty flavors as well as swathes of citrus. Very crisp, this is a wine that could do with a year to round out."	Côtes des Morogues	87	20	Loire Valley	Menetou-Salon		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fournier Père et Fils 2012 Côtes des Morogues  (Menetou-Salon)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fournier Père et Fils
Spain	"Clean and penetrating on the nose, with leather and warm berry/cherry aromas. Comes across bright and lively, with good balance and an appealing, easygoing set of wild berry and spice flavors. Shows length and follow-through on the finish. Very good for affordable RDD."	Barrica	88	16	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Martín Berdugo 2009 Barrica  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Martín Berdugo
US	"Lots of tannins and zingy acidity in this young 100% Cabernet. That's what the cool climate of Atlas Peak brings. Despite the massive blackberry and cassis richness, the wine is somewhat fierce now, suggesting 4–5 years, and possibly far longer, in a cool cellar."	Limited Release Foss Valley Ranch	88	85	California	Atlas Peak	Napa			Artesa 2007 Limited Release Foss Valley Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon (Atlas Peak)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Artesa
US	"Sauvignon Blanc can vary in style from merely crisp and almost neutral to more herbaceous examples like this. It conveys an assertive, slightly heavy personality with plenty of herb and eucalyptus flavors, a rather soft texture for this variety and dry finish."	Feliz Vineyard	82	14	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Brutocao 2013 Feliz Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Mendocino County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Brutocao
US	"Nicely behaved and well balanced, this gentle wine offers medium body, fresh plum flavors and a texture that's smooth and lightly tannic. The color is relatively deep and aromas are fruity, with a touch of earth."		89	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bogle 2014 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Bogle
US	"Bright aromas of freshly sliced pear, apple and spice are followed by lightly creamy fruit flavors that paint around the edges. It's a well-made wine but the middle seems missing."	Luck Dragon	87	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Longship 2016 Luck Dragon Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Longship
France	"Smoky aromas from wood aging show again strongly in the tough wooden plank notes that dominate this wine. It's a shame, because the fruit is there."	Cuvée Héritage	84	19	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château les Guyonnet 2015 Cuvée Héritage  (Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château les Guyonnet
France	"Organic grapes grown on the estate's schist soil go into this delicious, ripe and clean wine. Shot through with a good balance of red berries, red currants and tight acidity, it has good depth of flavor along with a surface glitter of bright freshness."	Première de Figuière	91	29	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Saint-André de Figuière 2015 Première de Figuière Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Saint-André de Figuière
US	"This is always one of Janzen's best bottlings, courtesy of one of the jewels in the Beckstoffer crown of vineyards. The 2010 is softly tannic and enormously rich, showing wave after wave of blackberry essence, cassis liqueur, dark chocolate and anise notes, with a firm minerality. It's beautiful now, but try to keep your hands off it until at least 2018."	Beckstoffer Missouri Hopper Vineyard	95	100	California	Oakville	Napa			Janzen 2010 Beckstoffer Missouri Hopper Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Janzen
US	"The flavors of this Pinot, made from pre-Dijon clone Martini selection vines, are fine. They range from cherries and cola to sweet cured tobacco and buttered cinnamon toast to smoky vanilla. If the wine had a crisper, livelier mouthfeel, it would score a lot higher."	Ferguson Block	89	44	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Robert Stemmler 2005 Ferguson Block Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Robert Stemmler
US	"Boosted by 5% Petit Verdot, this bottling shows lush aromas of fudge, black plum, black currant, soy and black pepper. The palate is dense and thick with more black fruit as well as caramel, purple flowers, milk chocolate and mint-chip ice cream, proving concentrated and decadent."	Estate Grown	92	40	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Niner 2013 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Niner
South Africa	"A comforting nose of vanilla toast, butter and a spin of citrus starts this venerable producer's elegant Chardonnay. On the palate, the wine is creamy, with integrated fresh fruit and spice components, and offers a lingering, unctuous finish."	Reserve	89	33	Stellenbosch			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Vergelegen 2006 Reserve Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Vergelegen
US	"Aromatically generous, this displays notes of pineapple, pear and guava. The palate drinks off dry, with abundant tropical fruit flavors, but lacks the acidity to hold it all together."		86	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Apex 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Apex
Italy	"Here's a lively, informal white redolent of green apple, peach and citrus, with vibrant acidity. It's simple but well made, with a crisp, refreshing finish."		86	15	Veneto	Soave		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Corte Giara 2016  Soave	White Blend	Corte Giara
Portugal	"A dark, brooding style of tannic Douro wine. It is lean initially, with a strong mineral character and firm black plum-skin flavors plus leather and tight acidity. When it opens out, this becomes a great value from the Douro."	Vega	88	10	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	DFJ Vinhos 2005 Vega Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	DFJ Vinhos
Argentina	"Like the winery's Gran Reserva '08, this is a saturated bomber that rides along the edge of overripeness. Aromas of baked berry, cassis, vanilla and coconut are rich and oaky. It feels tannic, with a beam of shrill acidity that props up flavors that otherwise might seem raisiny or pruney. Chocolate and wood resin tones pile up on the finish."	Matilde Single Vineyard	90	80	Mendoza Province	Agrelo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lamadrid 2008 Matilde Single Vineyard Malbec (Agrelo)	Malbec	Lamadrid
France	"Effectively a Blanc de Blancs, although not labeled as such, this is a crisp, steely, mineral wine. It has a Chablis-like cut and thrust of citrus and apple fruit flavors, bright and fruity, although with an attractive bottle age toast."	Brut	91	25	Burgundy	Crémant de Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bailly-Lapierre NV Brut  (Crémant de Bourgogne)	Chardonnay	Bailly-Lapierre
Italy	"A blend of 60% Cabernet and 40% Merlot, this is a soft and lush red wine, with pretty aromas of cherry, blackberry, dried herb, spice and bitter chocolate. It has a smooth texture that's backed by firm, enduring structure."	Palestina	90	31	Northeastern Italy	Alto Adige				Tenuta H.Lentsch 2004 Palestina Red (Alto Adige)	Red Blend	Tenuta H.Lentsch
England	"Crisp green apple flavors are immediately apparent—lactic inflections and floral notes appear too, alongside wood sorrel and moist brioche. The palate has electric English acidity and a very creamy, fine mousse that gives shapely curves to its slenderness."	Cuvée Brut	91	40	England			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Wiston Estate Winery 2010 Cuvée Brut Sparkling (England)	Sparkling Blend	Wiston Estate Winery
France	"The 12 months of wood aging has left its mark on this wine, giving it a spicy burnt character. That makes it tough and unlikely to broaden out. It will likely remain dry and firm."	Diamant Rouge	85	17	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Armandière 2011 Diamant Rouge Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Armandière
US	"This tastes complex, mellow and delicious, showing diverse aroma nuances like bay leaf and forest floor in addition to more fruity, black cherry, cinnamon and clove notes. It is full bodied, very ripe and juicy, and feels smooth in texture thanks to subdued acidity and tannins."	Two Barrel	92	60	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Masút 2013 Two Barrel Pinot Noir (Mendocino)	Pinot Noir	Masút
Italy	"Subtle berry and wildflower aromas lead the nose of this bright, friendly red. The informal palate offers crushed wild cherry, raspberry and a hint of clove alongside soft, rather fleeting tannins."		86	14	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Uccelliera 2013  Chianti	Red Blend	Fattoria Uccelliera
US	"This medium-bodied wine has a classic aroma of cherries, tea and spice, plus a rich mouthfeel, deep flavors and good balance. It's nicely made and easy to enjoy."		88	25	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Stickybeak 2014 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Stickybeak
US	"Soft and approachable, with little evidence (in the mouth) of the 15.6% alcohol listed on the label, this is a pleasant, rather generically flavored red. Don't look for California-style jam; this is rather delicate, with strawberry and wild cherry fruit, light pepper, a hint of mint and light tannins."	Reserve	85	38	Oregon	Columbia Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cathedral Ridge 2007 Reserve Zinfandel (Columbia Valley (OR))	Zinfandel	Cathedral Ridge
US	"From a winery atop Summit Road between Santa Cruz and San Jose comes this wine with a hefty, rich nose of fresh-pressed raspberry, black plum and strawberry notes, boosted by Dr Pepper and light licorice spice. Notes of nutmeg and allspice mix with juniper, dried plum and boysenberry on the lush palate."	Principal's Choice Estate Reserve	91	39	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Burrell School Vineyards 2011 Principal's Choice Estate Reserve Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Burrell School Vineyards
Argentina	"A little heavy and teetering toward overripeness, but it holds the line despite issuing aromas of raisin, heat, leather and marinated meat. The mouth is sweet and big-boned, with good tannic structure. Tastes a touch roasted and/or burnt on the finish. Gets it more right than wrong."	Premium	87	14	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Vista 2006 Premium Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alta Vista
US	"Minty blackberry fruits mix with black loam and fudge on the nose of this wine from a winery in West Paso along Vineyard Drive. It's hearty on the palate, with dark chocolate syrup, extract espresso, black pepper beef jerky and deep purple fruits held together by lingering acidity."	Reserve	90	58	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Brecon Estate 2012 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Brecon Estate
France	"This is a fine, juicy and fruity wine. It has some firm, smoky tannins that are in the background. With its fruitiness, it is likely to be a wine that is ready to drink soon, certainly by 2017."		87	16	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Donjon de Bruignac 2014  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Donjon de Bruignac
US	"Shows a classic Edna Valley or San Luis Obispo profile, namely a clean, brisk mouthfeel, a silky, light texture, and dry, rewarding flavors of cherries, cola, rhubarbs, herb tea and cinnamon spice. Not a blockbuster, but very good now, reminiscent of a fine southern Burgundy."	Grand Firepeak Cuvée	89	38	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Baileyana 2005 Grand Firepeak Cuvée Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Baileyana
Italy	"A blend of 85% Chardonnay, 10% Pinot Nero and 5% Pinot Bianco, this opens with pretty aromas of yellow flower, candied citrus and peach. The creamy palate doles out zesty lemon peel, mature yellow apple and ginger while vibrant acidity generates a clean finish."	Emozione Brut	90	37	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa 2010 Emozione Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Villa
New Zealand	"Ripe yet restrained on the nose, offering fig and guava. On the palate, those flavors turn citrusy, picking up a hint of bitter pith on the finish."	Icon	89	22	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Nobilo 2016 Icon Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Nobilo
US	"A light, elegant nose of almonds, apple and honeysuckle, followed by fresh flavors of nuts, apple and flowers on the palate. Pretty, balanced and lingering in the finish. A great food wine."	Curry Creek Vineyards	87	23	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Red Newt Cellars 2007 Curry Creek Vineyards Pinot Gris (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Gris	Red Newt Cellars
Argentina	"Stewed, saucy aromas of grassy tomato and herbal berry fruits are foxy. This feels cutting and rough, while minty green-berry flavors come with a note of animal fur."	Reserve	83	14	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cruz Alta 2014 Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Cruz Alta
US	"There's diamond-like precision on the nose, with white peach, salinity and croissant aromas. The flavors are very even and still unraveling, with tight lemon, apple and salt on the front and pineapple emerging on the finish."	Rincon Vineyard	92	44	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talley 2012 Rincon Vineyard Chardonnay (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
US	"This red sources from across three appellations and four varieties, all aged in a mix of French and American oak for one year. That oak imparts a smoky element around thick, concentrated baked fruit and big, lasting tannin weight, showing plenty of leathery tobacco."		85	22	California	Napa County-Sonoma County-Lake County	North Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Aquinas 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa County-Sonoma County-Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Aquinas
US	"There's a touch of sweetness around fruit flavors of apple, pear and melon. This has a forward, easy-drinking style, and that hint of honey finishes out with a streak of caramel."	Estate	87	17	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Apolloni 2014 Estate Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Apolloni
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon (88%) takes the lead on this wine, with the balance Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Syrah. Aromas of blackberry, blue fruit, flowers and barrel spice are followed by pitch-black-fruit flavors. Lightly chewy tannins provide some heft but have room to broaden."		92	75	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Col Solare 2013 Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Col Solare
US	"Equal parts Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot finished off with 5% Cabernet Franc, this cool-vintage wine is light in color. Notes of plum and cranberries come with herb and floral accents. It's light and lively with elegant, pretty fruit flavors backed by mouthwatering acidity with a lingering finish."	Hunters Blend	87	24	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Golden Ridge 2011 Hunters Blend Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Golden Ridge
US	"Aromas of green, leafy herbs, plummy blue fruit and woodspices are followed by moderate flavors that show a mix of fruit and barrel. It's a pleasingly varietal wine at the right price."		87	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2013 Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Waterbrook
US	"A lovely young Cab, rich and balanced, and with the elegance you expect from this producer. Made from all 5 Bordeaux varieties, with a drop of Syrah, the wine is potent in red and black currant, blackberry and new oak flavors, with sweetly ripe tannins. Delicious now, it should develop through 2015."		91	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Robert Mondavi 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Robert Mondavi
Chile	"Full and confident on the nose, with a wide range of berry aromas. The palate is medium in weight and power, but the flavors are entirely ripe and juicy, with an emphasis on raspberry and plum. Not overpowering but still it shows Chile's ability to produce wall-to-wall red wines at moderate prices."	Reserva	87	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Chilcas 2006 Reserva Syrah (Maule Valley)	Syrah	Chilcas
US	"This is 95% Syrah, co-fermented with Viognier in the Northern Rhône style. The result is a very fine wine that is currently drinking quite young and tight. It's shut down in hard tannins and an immature reticence of fruit, although you can detect some ripe, delicious blackberries, plums, currants and dark chocolate. Give it 5–6 years in a good cellar."	Rôtie	92	54	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Keller Estate 2010 Rôtie Red (Sonoma Coast)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Keller Estate
US	"Smells great, with complex scents of black pepper, bacon and ripe wild blackberries, just the way Syrah should. But it turns soft and sweet in the mouth, with simple jam flavors."		85	18	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Three Saints 2008 Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Three Saints
US	"High-toned aromas of raspberries, mint, nori and green herbs are followed by black-tea flavors and slightly gritty-feeling tannins. It brings appeal but the variety seems hard to find."	Sonas	88	25	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	OS Winery 2013 Sonas Merlot (Yakima Valley)	Merlot	OS Winery
France	"Produced from organic grapes, like so many in Provence, this is light, fruity and lively. Fresh acidity goes with the red currant fruits and the tight, nervy texture. It's lightly perfumed and fine as an apéritif."	L'Instant	89	17	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Barbanau 2013 L'Instant Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Barbanau
US	"This patiently aged wine delivers a dynamic and rich nose with aromas of plums, cassis, cola, Dr Pepper, chocolate syrup and well-spiced German chocolate cake. Those ripe elements are tamed on the tart and lively palate that shows sour plum skins alongside star anise, beef blood and dank herbs."	Series	90	52	California	Temecula	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lorenzi Estate 2009 Series Zinfandel (Temecula)	Zinfandel	Lorenzi Estate
South Africa	"There's a natural herbal beauty to this wine, with pleasant notes of green pepper, fynbos, thyme, laurel, fennel bulb and lemongrass that dance around the green plum and white melon-rind fruit. The medium-weight body is balanced by lime-flavored acidity and a bitter pithy accent on the close. Drink now."	DMZ	88	18	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	DeMorgenzon 2015 DMZ Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	DeMorgenzon
France	"This is a red that shows some richness— ripe cherry flavor, as well as good layer of tannins. There is a juicy character to the wine that is balanced by the smoky flavors from wood aging. Drink now and until 2018."	Bonheur Convivial	87	17	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rieflé 2011 Bonheur Convivial Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Rieflé
US	"Made in an appealing popular style, this Chard has ripe flavors of pineapples, pears, peaches and figs, with oak barrel notes of creamy vanilla and smoke."		85	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Tamayo Family 2006 Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Tamayo Family
New Zealand	Fresh greens and white grapefruit aromas come together in this medium-bodied wine. A silky texture carries celery leaf and citrus flavors through the slightly bitter finish.		88	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cottesbrook 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cottesbrook
US	"A spectacular Pinot that succeeds due to superior structure and complex flavors. With a silky texture, it feels smooth in the mouth, and shows dry, cool-climate flavors of raspberries, cola, oranges and anise, with the most lovely overlay of smoky oak. Beautiful acidity and finely meshed tannins provide the architecture. Drink now–2014."	Michaela's Reserve	94	110	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Brogan 2006 Michaela's Reserve Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Brogan
US	"Firm in texture and moderately tannic, this wine is poised for pairing with something rich like braised or roasted beef. Cranberry and black cherry aromas meet baking spice nuances on the palate."	Hybrid	88	14	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Girasole 2015 Hybrid Red (Mendocino)	Red Blend	Girasole
US	"This spicy and forward wine offers firm blackberry and black cherry fruit accented with savory olive flavors. Its vanilla and baking spices notes suggest some time in new wood, and a hint of Dr. Pepper comes through on the finish. Syrah is definitely a strength at this winery."		90	25	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Grizzly Peak 2014 Syrah (Rogue Valley)	Syrah	Grizzly Peak
US	"This new cuvée features grapes from both Tokar and Yellowbird vineyards, located out in the Mill Creek region east of downtown Walla Walla. It's close enough to the Blue Mountains to allow for this experiment in dry-farmed (non-irrigated) grapes. Flavors are distinctive, showing wild berries, cola, grain and herb."	Dryland	89	42	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tulpen 2009 Dryland Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tulpen
US	"Soft and sweetly gentle, this everyday wine has likeable flavors of black cherries, raspberries, chocolate, dates and black pepper. Blend is Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre, Petite Sirah."	Divinity	84	27	California	High Valley				Two Angels 2006 Divinity Red (High Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Two Angels
France	"Fresh and fruity, this has a ripe apricot character that contrasts the mineral acidity and bright fruit character. The wine dances lightly and is now ready to drink."		84	18	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Michel Picard 2009  Bourgogne	Chardonnay	Michel Picard
Italy	"In this one-dimensional wine, short-lived sensations of stewed black fruit quickly give way to acrid notes of unsweetened espresso, farmyard, sweat and green coffee beans alongside rough, grainy tannins. A bitterly tannic close leaves the tongue feeling parched."	Molino della Suga	85	39	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bonacchi 2009 Molino della Suga  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Bonacchi
France	"This is fully mature with its leather and toast flavors enhanced by a smooth, rich texture. It is a delicious wine to drink now, with some red fruits and final acidity."		88	25	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château des Annereaux 2006  Lalande de Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château des Annereaux
US	"The nose of this bottling from actress Challen Cates impresses with its spicy cherry, mulberry, juniper and mace notes. The palate is silky in texture and extremely well integrated, long-lasting and layered, with shiitake mushroom, forest floor, red cherry and earthy loam flavors."	Zotovich Vineyard	94	60	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Challen 2013 Zotovich Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Challen
US	"A curious combination of smoky and herbaceous, Predator is from old vines but tastes slightly thin and nondescript."	Old Vine	81	15	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Predator 2012 Old Vine Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Predator
US	"Simple and sugary sweet, with orange and apricot jam, buttered toast and vanilla flavors. Good acidity, though."		83	25	California	Yorkville Highlands	North Coast			Wattle Creek 2009 Chardonnay (Yorkville Highlands)	Chardonnay	Wattle Creek
US	"Tasting off-dry, this has flavors of citrus, vanilla, buttercream, honey and spice, which are brightened by crisp acidity."	Vintner's Reserve	85	13	California	California	California Other			Kendall-Jackson 2010 Vintner's Reserve Riesling (California)	Riesling	Kendall-Jackson
US	"For eight bucks you get a decent Merlot. It's dry and medium-bodied, with jammy blackberry and cherry flavors. Fine to drink with burgers, tacos, pizza."		83	8	California	California	California Other			Domino 2012 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Domino
US	"Made to commemorate the winery's 20th vintage, this smooth and polished effort combines choice lots from the Shea, Freedom Hill, Temperance Hill and Vista Hills vineyards. Sweet cherry fruit carries interesting suggestions of ash, smoke, anise and toasted almond, buffed and buttressed by crisp acids."	20th Anniversary Reserve	91	60	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Panther Creek 2006 20th Anniversary Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Panther Creek
Portugal	"Syrah and Trincadeira, both known to be spicy, fit comfortably together in this generous, soft and fruity wine. Juicy black fruits and acidity come together with the tangy texture to produce a wine with an attractive pepper bite as well as great fruitiness. Drink now."	Smart Dog Syrah-Trincadeira	85	10	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2016 Smart Dog Syrah-Trincadeira Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
US	"Light and fruity with pineapple, melon and apple. This fruit forward, food-friendly wine has natural acids and a delicate balance. For the money it is a fine choice to accompany seafood, poultry and pasta salads."	Quail Series	85	9	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Covey Run 2005 Quail Series Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Covey Run
Italy	"This is a ripe and chewy wine with syrupy aromas of mature cherry, blackberry, cured meat and pipe tobacco (there's a 10% component of Cabernet Sauvignon that adds density and thickness to the Sangiovese). The wine is smooth and velvety with a very vibrant and bright feel on the close."	La Forra Riserva	91	45	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Tenuta di Nozzole 2006 La Forra Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Tenuta di Nozzole
US	"Floral in jasmine and apple blossom, this wine offers a solid foundation of baked apple and sizable oak, still youthfully wound up in concentrated richness. Moderate acidity helps keep things in check, as lengthy complexity comes to bear on the finish."		88	25	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Amici 2015 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Amici
France	"From a high altitude estate in the Vaucluse, this blend of 60% Grenache, 35% Syrah and 5% Cinsault is pale and coppery in hue, yet shows ample richness and weight on the palate. Notes of wet stone, berry and citrus linger on the mouthwatering finish."		88	30	Rhône Valley	Vin de Pays de Vaucluse		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Chêne Bleu 2014 Rosé (Vin de Pays de Vaucluse)	Rosé	Chêne Bleu
Chile	"Floral, leafy, citrusy aromas lead to a fresh, light-bodied palate. Dry, peppery red-fruit flavors finish short but clean, with textural ease."	Puerto Viejo Single Vineyard Reserve Estate Bottled	85	10	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Requingua 2012 Puerto Viejo Single Vineyard Reserve Estate Bottled Pinot Noir (Maule Valley)	Pinot Noir	Viña Requingua
US	"Moon Mountain dropped the price on their basic Cab years ago, and with it, quality dipped. The concentration just isn't here. On the other hand, it's a nice, smooth, clean wine, with enough blackberry and currant varietal character to satisfy Cab lovers."		85	15	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Moon Mountain Vineyard 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Moon Mountain Vineyard
Italy	"From one of the most familiar brands of Franciacorta, this opens with aromas of red apple skin, lemon zest and candied nectarine slices. The palate offers Golden Delicious apple and hints of liqueur alongside zesty acidity and tight, persistent bubbles that leave a crisp finish."	Alma Cuvée Brut	88	34	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bellavista NV Alma Cuvée Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Bellavista
France	"This wine from Houchart's selective Sainte-Victoire appellation is distinct from the Quiot family's other Houchart rosés. This wine is rich and full on the palate, without losing any sense of acidity or freshness. It's ready to drink although it will be better from the end of 2015."		91	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Houchart 2014 Rosé (Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire)	Rosé	Domaine Houchart
Italy	"This playful blend of air-dried white grapes (Prosecco and Incrocio Manzoni) offers simple aromas of honey and peach backed by some dried hay and citrus. Made with organically-grown grapes, this dessert wine is sweet and thick on the close."	Alba Chiara Passito 500ml	83	12	Veneto	Veneto				Pizzolato NV Alba Chiara Passito 500ml White (Veneto)	White Blend	Pizzolato
US	"This bottling, which is already good but shows potential to be great, eschews overly obvious fruit aromas to instead deliver notes of peppercorns, pencil shavings and green bell pepper. The palate is powered by a lively bitterness of underripe raspberries, raw coffee beans and more green peppers, yet will probably age better than most of its vintage counterparts. Drink 2018–2024."	Presqu'ile Vineyard	91	60	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Presqu'ile 2012 Presqu'ile Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Presqu'ile
Portugal	"Disgorged in 2014, this pale rosé wine definitely has bottle age. You can taste it in the toasty character and in the acidity that has matured along with the wine. It is fresh rather than ripe—a wine that is now very ready to drink."	Vértice Bruto	88	30	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Transmontanas 2006 Vértice Bruto Pinot Noir (Douro)	Pinot Noir	Caves Transmontanas
US	"Intense and concentrated, this Chardonnay powerfully displays the pedigree of its mountain terroir. The Meyer lemondrop candy, orange and apricot fruit flavors are enriched with minerals and uplifted by bright acidity, while the oak influence lends a tension of opulence. A very fine, elegant and sophisticated wine for drinking now."	Broken Road	93	40	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Stonestreet 2010 Broken Road Chardonnay (Alexander Valley)	Chardonnay	Stonestreet
US	"This is a ripe, lusty Zinfandel, with many special qualities to recommend it. It's dry and rich in smooth tannins, and offers a flood of wild forest berry, sweet new leather, red currant, mocha and exotic Asian spice flavors. Delicious, and will hold for up to six years."	80 Year Old Vines	92	25	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Miro 2007 80 Year Old Vines Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Miro
US	"There's a honeyed finish to this unoaked wine along with peach, Meyer lemon and nectarine flavors. Vibrant acidity makes it a clean and vibrant Pinot Gris."	Paragon Vineyard	88	17	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Tangent 2012 Paragon Vineyard Pinot Gris (Edna Valley)	Pinot Gris	Tangent
Australia	"This medium-bodied Chard has nice oregano and thyme notes on the nose, with more fresh herbal accents on the palate. Cream and nutmeg flavors are most prevalent in the mouth; finishes with pleasant floury-nutmeg notes."		87	13	South Australia	McLaren Vale				Morgan Simpson 2000 Chardonnay (McLaren Vale)	Chardonnay	Morgan Simpson
Chile	"Earthy, foresty, green aromas precede a round palate with stemmy flavors matched by a burnt, lightly bitter aftertaste."		82	11	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Delta 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Curicó Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alta Delta
US	"The volatiles are amped up here, providing some aromatic distraction. The palate brings high-octane fruit flavors, supported by lightly dry tannins. Tasted twice with consistent notes."		86	25	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Luke 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (Wahluke Slope)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Luke
Italy	"This savory blend of 50% Merlot, 35% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Petit Verdot has aromas of red currants, toast, cedar and baking spices. The juicy palate delivers ripe red cherries, clove and white pepper alongside firm but elegant tannins. Hold another year or two to fully develop. Drink 2015–2020."	Perceptum	89	30	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Santo Pietro 2010 Perceptum Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta Santo Pietro
US	"Softness of tannins makes this wine feel melted in the mouth, yet it has bright, zingy acidity, and the raspberry and cherry fruit is sweet and jammy. The result is simple."		84	20	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Maddalena 2009 Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	Maddalena
US	"There are masses of pineapple, apricot, orange and green apple fruit in this Chardonnay, accented with strong Carneros acidity. Quite a good wine, but once you get past the flavors, it falls off in interest. Could be a rare Chardonnay sleeper. Try giving it 2–3 years in the cellar."	Hyde Vineyard	90	55	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Patz & Hall 2008 Hyde Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Patz & Hall
US	"Luscious but not overbearing blueberry and boysenberry fruits power the nose on this wine from a coastal region. It suggests blackberry pastries, chalk and pleasingly aromatic incense. The palate combines oak smoke, black fruits and a spicy, black pepper-driven acidity, providing lots of tactile action on the tongue."	Beauregard Ranch	92	65	California	Ben Lomond Mountain	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Beauregard 2012 Beauregard Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon (Ben Lomond Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beauregard
US	"Short and sharp, this “Proprietor's Limited Release” is simply a plain, generic style, with a bitter finish."	Proprietor's Limited Release	83	17	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mount Baker 2008 Proprietor's Limited Release Chardonnay (Yakima Valley)	Chardonnay	Mount Baker
Argentina	"Mildly pickled red-fruit aromas fail to convey freshness or ripeness, and so it's no surprise that the core flavors are a bit herbal and briney. Decent mouthfeel helps it along, while the finish is short and borders on medicinal."	Rosillo	83	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domados 2007 Rosillo Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Domados
Argentina	"Rubbery, bold and earthy on the nose, then full and sticky in the mouth, with sweet black fruit flavors. Tastes more like a Bordeaux red wine than textbook Pinot Noir courtesy of heavy extraction, darkness and oak. Tastes good but could use a lesson in elegance and restraint."		85	17	Mendoza Province	Vista Flores		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Antucura 2010 Pinot Noir (Vista Flores)	Pinot Noir	Antucura
US	"This is a big, rich Cabernet, loaded with gobs of lip-smacking blackberry, cherry, currant and oak flavors. Couldn't be riper, and the tannins are soft and smooth. A little obvious in its charms, but a real crowd pleaser."		90	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Frank Family 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frank Family
US	"A soft, medicinal and uninteresting wine, marked by harshness and green flavors that barely suggest cherries."		80	12	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Buzzard Tree 2005 Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Buzzard Tree
US	"This is an extremely restrained Syrah, offering black olive, tapenade, asphalt, damp grass and garden herbs on the nose. The palate shows tar, green coffee bean and Kalamata and green olives, proving intriguing if obscure."	Sebastiano	88	50	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pence Ranch 2012 Sebastiano Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Pence Ranch
France	"The wine is soft with a fine touch of tannin and some stalkiness. It has black currants that are ripe while remaining crisp. The wine is easy, accessible and ready to drink."	Chai de Bordes	85	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cheval Quancard 2015 Chai de Bordes  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cheval Quancard
US	"A big, soft red with lots of plush fruit flavors, this is soft in balance, definitely sweet rather than dry, smooth in texture and full of candied fruit accents."		85	11	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dado 2012 Red (California)	Red Blend	Dado
US	A distinct pink color and overtly fruity flavors combine with strong bubbles. The wine has vivid red-cherry and raspberry flavors and a bit of the texture of a red wine.	Blanc de Noir	87	25	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Biltmore Estate NV Blanc de Noir Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Biltmore Estate
US	"Mild with raspberry flavor and soft, integrated oak and tannin, this full-bodied wine is comprised entirely of Cabernet Sauvignon and imparts a characteristic Rutherford dustiness on the palate."	Rutherford Estate Vineyard	88	90	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Conn Creek 2013 Rutherford Estate Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Conn Creek
US	"This wine won't be available until 2013/2014, but for the moment it is a mouthful of extremely ripe blackberry and blueberry jam, with layers of tar and dirt. Big and ripe, the additional time in bottle will help smooth out its edges."	Estate	88	32	California	Shenandoah Valley (CA)	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Easton 2009 Estate Zinfandel (Shenandoah Valley (CA))	Zinfandel	Easton
Italy	"The nose on this isn't very expressive, but eventually reveals aromas of cooked fruit and a whiff of barnyard. The palate delivers black pepper and cured meat but the fruit has completely dried up. Fleeting but drying tannins give it an astringent finish."	Sodole	84	55	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Guicciardini Strozzi 2009 Sodole Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Guicciardini Strozzi
US	"Leather, smoked beef, beef jerky and black currant aromas show on the nose of this smoky bottling, whose name is a nod to one of the historic Hearst Ranch's old cowboy camps. Smoked meat and coffee-crusted beef roast arise on the palate, alongside dried oregano, dried cherries, brown coffee and milk chocolate lushness."	Chileno	89	32	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Hearst Ranch 2013 Chileno Tempranillo (Paso Robles)	Tempranillo	Hearst Ranch
US	"The wine brims with pineapples, Asian pears and papayas, dusted with every spice in your pantry. It's bone dry, with a crisp bite of acidity. A touch of oak and lees gives it a rich edge of cream and buttered toast."		88	17	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kunde 2007 Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Kunde
US	"Smooth and round, this wine offers rich cherry cordial and milk chocolate flavors—a simple, straightforward layering of ripeness within a medium-bodied frame."	Villa Andriana Vineyard	88	44	California	Calistoga	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Summers 2013 Villa Andriana Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Calistoga)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Summers
US	"Dusty crushed mineral and pressed apple notes lend a rustic tone to this softly effervescent sparkling blend. Stark lemon-lime acidity frazzles the midpalate but leads a brisk, refreshing finish. Drink now through 2018."	Bollicini	86	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Damiani 2014 Bollicini Sparkling (Finger Lakes)	Sparkling Blend	Damiani
Italy	"This opens with aromas suggesting underbrush, crushed herb and blue flower. The palate is tightly wound and rather closed, showing hints of orange zest and raw cranberry. Racy acidity and austere tannins clench the finish."	Pora	87	65	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ca' del Baio 2013 Pora  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Ca' del Baio
US	"Grapefruit rind jumps out of the glass in this vivid, balanced and refreshing white that also carries a complex mix of lime, more grapefruit and the tiniest suggestion of fresh-cut grass. A creaminess to the texture rounds things out and soothes the edges."		91	23	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	VML 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	VML
US	"The cherry cola, herb, menthol and barrel-spice aromas seem a bit more evolved than their age might indicate. The palate is on the lighter side of medium bodied, with plump tannins providing support."	A Stone's Throw	88	48	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Trust 2013 A Stone's Throw Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Trust
US	"A good buy in a dry, full-bodied red wine. Clean and balanced, with jammy flavors of plums, earth and blackberry, it has well-etched and accessible tannins, a rich mouthfeel, and a spicy finish. Value."	Vintners Blend	86	10	California	California	California Other			Ravenswood 2000 Vintners Blend Merlot (California)	Merlot	Ravenswood
US	"From a Charlie Chenoweth-farmed site, this wine is vividly marked by earth and mushroom with bolts of cherry and cranberry. Bright acidity complements a firmness of tannin and texture that flirts with being leathery, the finish all about cola spice."	Cummings Vineyard	92	56	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	MacRostie 2013 Cummings Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	MacRostie
Chile	"From Robert Mondavi and Eduardo Chadwick, a Chilean producer (Errázuriz), this wine is a blend of 84% Cabernet Sauvignon and 16% Carmenère. The color is inky dark, and it smells young and intense, almost fiery—there's a suggestion of charcoal and embers. Massive fruit explodes in the mouth, but it's not a fruit bomb; it's much too sophisticated for that. Oak is fancy but not pronounced. Its aging timeline should be similar to that of a great Bordeaux."		92	60	Aconcagua Valley					Seña 1997 Red (Aconcagua Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Seña
US	"Richly textured, viscous but with good acidty for balance. The wine shows pretty melon, citrus, herb, grass, peach and spice flavors and features a mineral edge that is fresh and clean at the end."		88	18	California	Rutherford	Napa			Vinoce 2001 Sauvignon Blanc (Rutherford)	Sauvignon Blanc	Vinoce
US	"There's something so smoothly sweet about this Cabernet, it's like an old Cognac. The sweetly toasted oak is merging its caramel and vanilla with the ripe black and red cherries, leading to an unctuous, long, spicy finish. Really quite a compelling wine that's beautiful now."	Reserve	93	60	California	Rutherford	Napa			Bartalotti 2005 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bartalotti
Italy	"This shows lovely floral aromas and hints of chocolate and berry. The palate offers ripe black cherry, spice and coffee, and while this is still tannic, the tannins are ripe and composed. This is already drinking well, so enjoy it soon."	La Foia Arborina	91	70	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Curto Marco 2009 La Foia Arborina  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Curto Marco
US	"A spectacular Pinot Noir, but you don't want to open it anytime soon. Shows the pedigree of this vineyard, a superbly balanced wine rich in acidity and minerals. The fruit? Black and red cherries, blackberries, cola, cocoa powder and red currants, enriched with smoky cedarwood. Beautiful, but needs time. The window is 2011–2013."	Fiddlestix Vineyard	95	70	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Paul Lato 2007 Fiddlestix Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Paul Lato
US	"Moderate in oak and well-structured, this estate-grown wine is subdued and classy, with defined layers of green olive, juicy apple and lemongrass, a tiny hint of jalapeño adding a touch of spice. Food-friendly, it'll complement a versatile range of dishes."		90	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Truchard 2015 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Truchard
US	"There is a lot to like in this blend of 80% Syrah, 18% Malbec and 2% Petit Verdot, which offers deep blackberry, black cherry, star anise and pie crust on the ripe, exotically spicy nose. The palate is rich with black cherry and vanilla flavors, cut by dark spice, lingering acidity and tannic depth."	Renegade	92	24	California	Santa Margarita Ranch	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Ancient Peaks 2014 Renegade Red (Santa Margarita Ranch)	Red Blend	Ancient Peaks
Italy	"The nose is shy but eventually offers suggestions of black cherry, underbrush, grilled herb and a balsamic note. The firm palate offers raspberry jam, licorice and a hint of coco alongside austere, drying tannins that leave an astringent finish."	Brunate	89	210	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vietti 2012 Brunate  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Vietti
Italy	"Red-berry, rose, crushed herb, and espresso aromas come together on this while the dense palate doles out black cherry, fleshy raspberry, grilled herb and a hint of clove. Tightly wound, assertive tannins leave a firm finish. Drink 2018–2023."		90	45	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pelassa 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Pelassa
Italy	"A terrific value wine, La Piazza (in a screw cap bottle) is a blend of Merlot and Nero d'Avola. Bright aromas of cinnamon, Spanish cedar, mocha, black cherry and bitter almond have a raw, vinous quality."	La Piazza	86	8	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Calatrasi 2009 La Piazza Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Calatrasi
US	"This estate-grown Merlot is a standout among the Goose Ridge reds produced in 2010. A firm and substantial mix of red and black fruits comes on a bed of juicy acidity. Medium-bodied, it extends gracefully through the finish with hints of chocolate-covered raisins."		91	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Goose Ridge 2010 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Goose Ridge
US	"A polished, elegant Merlot, with good structure framing deep flavors of currants, carob, violets and anise. The thick tannins suggest a good steak. Now through 2009."	Cork Tree Vineyard	90	38	California	Napa Valley	Napa			JR Wine 2005 Cork Tree Vineyard Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	JR Wine
New Zealand	"Starts off with a minerally, slightly fumé-style note, then adds herbal and leafy notes and white grapefruit flavors. From New Zealand's first carbon-neutral winery, this medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc is appealingly long, crisp and clean on the finish."		90	17	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Grove Mill 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Grove Mill
US	"This is a good Pinot Noir that's full-bodied, dry and silky in the mouth, with crisp acidity. It shows raspberry, cola and green tea flavors. Hard to predict if it has a future, so drink now–2014."	Toyon Farm	87	54	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Saintsbury 2010 Toyon Farm Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Saintsbury
US	"A beautiful Syrah, softly tannic, dry and full bodied. High alcohol gives some jalapeño pepper heat to the blackberries, licorice, bacon, dark chocolate and sandalwood flavors, but nothing that richly sauced barbecue can't handle. Drink up."	Lock Vineyard	90	34	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Écluse 2010 Lock Vineyard Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Écluse
France	"Ripe, fruity wine, it has sweet tannins, blackberry fruit, laced with acidity. The wine is all fruit, with only the lightest hint of wood."		85	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Roc Meynard 2009  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Roc Meynard
Portugal	"A powerful, concentrated wine, it has great density and structure. It shows the quality of the vintage, rich and fruity while preserving the elegance and poise that is typical of Chryseia. The result of a partnership between the Symington family and Bruno Prats from Bordeaux, it has a smooth, ripe, black fruit character underpinned by firm tannins. It needs several years to age, so drink from 2017."	Chryseia	94	55	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Prats & Symington LDA 2011 Chryseia Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Prats & Symington LDA
France	"This is a perfumed wine, spicy and textured. It is off-dry which gives it a warm character, apples and white fruits over a rounded texture. It could age another few months and will be more balanced from 2016."	Hengst Grand Cru	88	35	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wunsch & Mann 2012 Hengst Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Wunsch & Mann
US	"At two-plus years this Pinot Noir still is an infant. It's a swirl of new toasty oak, ripe cherries and currants, acidity and fresh, chunky tannins. It's a pity that much of it will be opened too young. Should be more harmonious toward the end of 2009, and evolve for many years after."	Trenton Estate	92	52	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Joseph Swan Vineyards 2006 Trenton Estate Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Swan Vineyards
Italy	"Produced entirely with organically farmed Sangiovese, this earthy, structured red opens with classic aromas of ripe berry, fragrant blue flowers, leather and a whiff of forest floor. The savory palate delivers black cherry, crushed raspberry, licorice, ground pepper and tobacco alongside big, velvety tannins."	Coltassala Riserva	93	68	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Volpaia 2011 Coltassala Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Volpaia
US	"Good for Burgess for holding this Syrah back for a little while. It's beginning to soften, just barely. The tannins are still strong, but you can taste those bright blackberries and cherries starting to show meaty hints of wild grilled portobello mushrooms. It will drink well in late 2014 with hearty roasts and stews."		89	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Burgess 2010 Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Burgess
France	"The estate belongs to the Borie family, one of the grand names of Bordeaux, with the wine making done by the team of Château Ducru-Beaucaillou in Saint-Julien. The result is an aromatic, balanced wine that is both structured and fruity. It has fine tannins, black currant fruit and a perfumed aftertaste."		89	25	Bordeaux	Listrac-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Ducluzeau 2012  Listrac-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Ducluzeau
Spain	"Bready and yeasty smelling upfront, this feels round but also dry on the palate. Briny, pickled, yeasty flavors lead way to a salty finish. Quickly dissipating bubbles render it more of a demi-sec."	Brut Natural Reserva	86	23	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Albet I Noya 2011 Brut Natural Reserva Sparkling (Penedès)	Sparkling Blend	Albet I Noya
France	"Aged for at least five years in the Lanson cellars before disgorgement, this is a blend of Grand Cru wines from the Côte des Blancs. It has signs of maturity in the hints of toast and almonds while showing a crisp, tightly mineral texture. It's a great food wine, very fresh with good depth of flavor. The acidity at the end is bright and refreshing."	Extra Age Blanc de Blancs Brut	93	125	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lanson NV Extra Age Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Lanson
France	"This iconic wine is rich and perfumed. It's powerful and concentrated, with layers of wood contrasted by explosive, ripe fruits. Ripe red-fruit flavors are brightened by ample acidity, resulting in a sumptuous wine that also has enough tannins to age. Drink from 2018."	Vigne de l'Enfant Jésus Grèves Premier Cru	94	100	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Père & Fils 2011 Vigne de l'Enfant Jésus Grèves Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Bouchard Père & Fils
US	"The historic Santa Cruz Island Zinfandel clone excels more at the Rusacks' Ballard Canyon estate than their Catalina Island vineyard. Deep strawberry and red plum aromas mesh with cinnamon, mace and a touch of earth on the nose. There's enough tannic grip to show elegance, with bright red fruit and hearty sagebrush spice flavors."	Estate	92	45	California	Ballard Canyon	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Rusack 2014 Estate Zinfandel (Ballard Canyon)	Zinfandel	Rusack
US	"Muted aromatically, the wine is still generous in bright red fruit flavors, mostly strawberry-rhubarb and savory pomegranate, with accompanying layers of allspice. On the midpalate is the suggestion of vanilla before the finish delves into herbal, slightly sour territory."	Delicacé	87	44	California	Anderson Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Harmonique 2007 Delicacé Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Harmonique
US	"This serious and concentrated wine has plenty of ripe fruit aromas and flavors, with a smooth texture, and lingering fruitiness on the finish. It resembles black plums and cloves in flavor, and has excellent balance and depth."	Wild Thing Old Vine	90	19	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Carol Shelton 2013 Wild Thing Old Vine Zinfandel (Mendocino County)	Zinfandel	Carol Shelton
Spain	"Cloudy in color, with tart rhubarb aromas. The palate shows some acidity and tang, with pink grapefruit flavors offering a shrill kick. But overall the wine has seen better days and has become limited in scope at this point."	Rosé	84	11	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Condesa de Leganza 2006 Rosé Tempranillo (La Mancha)	Tempranillo	Condesa de Leganza
US	"A good, off-dry useful wine for drinking across the board with a wide variety of fare, or by itself as a cocktail. It's brisk and clean, with pleasant citrus, apricot, spice and vanilla flavors."		86	13	California	California	California Other			Dancing Derby 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Dancing Derby
France	"This wine is fruity and soft, with hints of citrus and herbal flavors. Its acidity is bright and attractive. Drink now."	Fleur de Carbonnel Sauvignon	84	15	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	M. & J-F Bertrand 2016 Fleur de Carbonnel Sauvignon Sauvignon Blanc (Vin de France)	Sauvignon Blanc	M. & J-F Bertrand
US	"A very rich Bordeaux blend based on Cabernet Sauvignon, but quite tannic. You want to give it some time in the cellar. Dry and full-bodied, it shows ripe, deep flavors of blackberry jam, black currants, dark chocolate and anise, with smoky overtones from oak. Feels dramatic and impressive. Give it until 2012 to come around."	Cuvée Kristin	93	55	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma			Korbin Kameron 2006 Cuvée Kristin Red (Sonoma Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Korbin Kameron
France	"This is a perfumed crisp wine, attractively fruity and with delicious acidity. Its fruit is effusive and needs to calm down and fill out, so just wait until 2018 for it richness to be fully apparent."	La Renardière	90	23	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchié-Chatellier 2015 La Renardière  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bouchié-Chatellier
New Zealand	"A medley of ripe raspberry, cherry, chocolate, cola, wet earth, baking spices and herbs all play together in this medium-bodied wine. Silky tannins and a slippery texture harmonize on the palate, with a final herbaceous note that lingers. Drink now–2020."		91	19	Awatere Valley					The Crossings 2015 Pinot Noir (Awatere Valley)	Pinot Noir	The Crossings
US	"A little green, with a minty sharpness to the modest cherry-berry flavors. But it's dry and sound, and a pretty good everyday sipper at this price."		84	10	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Castle Rock 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castle Rock
France	The wine has a good structure with sophisticated tannins and perfumed acidity. Black cherry and spice from the wood are balanced by the freshness of the acidity and the rounded aftertaste. Drink from 2019.	Domaine Latour	90	75	Burgundy	Aloxe-Corton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2015 Domaine Latour  (Aloxe-Corton)	Pinot Noir	Louis Latour
US	"A touch of mushroom and vegetable unripeness runs through this Pinot. It's not entirely unpleasant, but it does interfere with your enjoyment of the fruit. Drink this silky, dry wine now."	BIN 6410	85	19	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Bennett Valley Cellars 2011 BIN 6410 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Bennett Valley Cellars
US	"Sea salt, honeysuckle, lemon-sprayed apple and a touch of graphite dominate the nose of this tasty wine that grows only more interesting with time. Lime zest plays on the edges of the palate, though the middle shows a nectarine and yellow-pear richness. Energetic acidity tickles the tongue throughout the sip."	Rancho Santa Rosa	92	30	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foley 2013 Rancho Santa Rosa Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Foley
Spain	"Berry and plum aromas are rustic and stalky. Snappy and a bit sharp in feel, this shows leathery, roasted cherry and berry flavors in front of a short finish with black cherry notes."		86	8	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Venta Morales 2013 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Venta Morales
Spain	"Aromas of brick dust, cheesy oak and black fruits battle to maintain clarity as this breathes. A sinewy mouthfeel is steered by high tartaric acidity, while flavors of vanilla, lactic oak, plum and currant are fresh and a bit tart. A medium-bodied, oaky tasting finish is driven by zesty acidity."	II Crianza	87	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Covila 2011 II Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Covila
France	"Still firmly tannic, the wine also promises rich black fruits. It has weight, a solid, firm structure and good balancing acidity. Complex and powerful, it's only spoiled by the show of pepper from the alcohol. Drink from 2016."		88	55	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Brulescaille 2010  Côtes de Bourg	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Brulescaille
Italy	"This opens with characteristic aromas of wild berry, wet earth, white truffle and roasted coffee bean. It feels rich and concentrated in the mouth, but never heavy or sticky."	Clemente VII Riserva	90	26	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Castelli del Grevepesa 2008 Clemente VII Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Castelli del Grevepesa
US	"A stablemate to the Richard's Cuvée, bottled under the winemaker's Matello label, this is a creamy, juicy wine with a lush mix of apple, pear and banana fruit flavors. There's a suggestion of mineral underlying the creamy mouthfeel, which adds an extra bit of freshness."	Whistling Ridge Vineyard	92	40	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Goodfellow 2012 Whistling Ridge Vineyard Chardonnay (Ribbon Ridge)	Chardonnay	Goodfellow
Italy	"This offers aromas and flavors suggesting raisin, toast, Asian spice, French oak, espresso and licorice. Showing the heat of the vintage, this is already evolved and much of the fruit has dried up while astringent tannins grip the finish and dry out the palate."	Camp Gros Martinenga	86	100	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenute Cisa Asinari dei Marchesi di Gresy 2011 Camp Gros Martinenga  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Tenute Cisa Asinari dei Marchesi di Gresy
France	"This négociant operation has greatly expanded its offerings in recent years, and this blend of 60% Grenache, 30% Syrah and 10% Mourvèdre is reasonably successful. Cherry and dried herb notes are framed by dry cedar accents before picking up olive and coffee nuances on the finish. Drink now and over the next two years."	Les Cranilles	86	15	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Les Vins de Vienne 2009 Les Cranilles Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Les Vins de Vienne
Chile	"Lightly herbal, stalky aromas of berry fruits and eucalyptus are classic Chilean characteristics. This Cabernet Sauvignon-led blend feels a bit short on foundation. Chunky, inky flavors of blackberry and oak are a touch green and herbal, while this is tannic and tastes of tobacco and herbs on the finish."	Family Selection	89	29	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2011 Family Selection Red (Curicó Valley)	Red Blend	Aresti
US	"Yes, it's from Da Coach, of Bears legend, and the wine lives up to its gluteus moniker. There's nothing subtle about this blend of Zin, Syrah, Petite Sirah and Viognier. It's big in brambly berry and citrus flavors, tannic, high in alcohol, rich in tannins, and made for tailgate barbecue."	Kick Ass Red	87	50	California	Mendocino				Mike Ditka 2005 Kick Ass Red Red (Mendocino)	Red Blend	Mike Ditka
Spain	"Aromas of tomato sauce and red-wine vinegar create sharpness on the nose. Plum and raspberry flavors run short, with a fresh, basic finish."		84	10	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trencalòs 2013 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Trencalòs
Australia	"With a nose full of buttered popcorn and vanilla, it's clear that much if not all of this wine was barrel-fermented and aged, maybe a tad too much. The vanilla and toast flavors partially obscure pretty white peach fruit."		84	28	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Hamelin Bay 2000 Chardonnay (Margaret River)	Chardonnay	Hamelin Bay
Germany	"Dark shades of smoked nuts, char and dried, savory herbs mingle amidst ruddy black cherry and cranberry flavors in this bold, intensely structured Pinot Noir. It's a big, richly textured wine enveloping the palate in folds of dense black fruit. Fine but slightly bitter tannins mark the finish."	Dürkheimer Trocken	88	26	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Pflüger 2014 Dürkheimer Trocken Pinot Noir (Pfalz)	Pinot Noir	Pflüger
US	"Funk Estate (60%) and Watermill vineyards—both in The Rocks District—make up this wine. It's initially aromatically brooding with high-toned notes of stems, green herbs, coffee, funk and mineral, with generous floral notes providing accents. The palate is rounded and full, with fruit and savory flavors intertwining, showing a very pretty precision. The finish is lengthy."	Reserve	93	45	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Saviah 2013 Reserve Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Saviah
US	"Here is a well-built, Bordeaux-style blend based largely upon Cabernet Sauvignon, with 12% Malbec and 6% Petit Verdot filling it out. Firm, dark and muscular, this mixes tart black fruit flavors with streaks of licorice and peppery herbs."	Reserve	90	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mercer 2010 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mercer
US	"This dessert-style wine has notes of dried pineapple, orange peel and granulated sugar. It's sugary sweet at 14.7% residual sugar."	Late Harvest	86	20	Idaho			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Koenig Vineyards 2011 Late Harvest Riesling	Riesling	Koenig Vineyards
France	"This dry rosé is perfumed with red-currant fruits. On the palate, the theme of crisp red fruits continues, with acidity, a touch of pepper and smokiness from the Cabernet Franc in the blend. Drink the wine, with its tight acidity at the end, now."	Pure Loire	85	13	Loire Valley	Rosé de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bougrier 2016 Pure Loire  (Rosé de Loire)	Rosé	Bougrier
US	"The aromas on this wine are quite unusual, with notes of wet copper penny, fresh sage and raspberry. Meanwhile the cranberry and cherry flavors are sweet and concentrated, creating an uneasy juxtaposition."	Boushey Vineyard	87	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ross Andrew 2010 Boushey Vineyard Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Ross Andrew
US	"Coming from The Rocks District, the herb, green stem, black olive, peat, wet stone and floral aromas are expansive. The potpourri and savory flavors are broad in feel and exquisitely balanced, capped off by a long finish. Stunning stuff."	Some Days Are Stones Stoney Vine Vineyard	93	45	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Two Vintners 2013 Some Days Are Stones Stoney Vine Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Two Vintners
France	"Made in the pale modern style, this has modest scents of melon and stone fruit. It's fully dry, with a zesty, clean finish that hints at lime and red berries."		86	10	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Les Trois Couronnes 2015 Rosé (Côtes du Rhône)	Rosé	Les Trois Couronnes
New Zealand	"Crisp and dry, this is a medium-bodied, slightly austere wine. Hints of smoke or stuck flint join with grapefruit rind on the nose, while a slightly bitter note appears on the palate and persists through the finish."		84	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Wild South 2013 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Wild South
Austria	"Finely balanced, but definitely on the floral, perfumed side, this has freshness, white fruits and a crisp, clean texture. It is all easy fruit, dominated by finishing acidity."	Von de Terrassen Federspiel	89	34	Wachau			Roger Voss	@vossroger	F X Pichler 2006 Von de Terrassen Federspiel Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	F X Pichler
Germany	"This is a rich, full-bodied dry Riesling. Honey, baked fruit and dried spices mix on the nose, while the flavors are a complex mélange of baked fruit, spice and mineral. This finishes with great intensity and length, courtesy of salty, brinelike minerality."	Forster Jesuitengarten Grosses Gewächs Spätlese Trocken	91	57	Pfalz			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Geh. Rat Dr. von Bassermann-Jordan 2006 Forster Jesuitengarten Grosses Gewächs Spätlese Trocken Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Geh. Rat Dr. von Bassermann-Jordan
US	"This rich, fruity wine is supple and soft on the palate, with deep mocha and blueberry flavors. From vineyards in Coombsville and Conn Valley, it's full bodied and densely packed."	Lot 602	86	32	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cameron Hughes 2014 Lot 602 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cameron Hughes
Portugal	"Soft and fruity, the fruit light, flavored with plum jelly and dried fruits. The wine is soft, somewhat unfocused, the tannins giving some dryness, but leaving a feeling of old-fashioned over-ripe fruits."	Colheita Seleccionada Tinto	83	6	Ribatejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casaleiro 2006 Colheita Seleccionada Tinto Red (Ribatejo)	Portuguese Red	Casaleiro
Argentina	"Stout up front, the nose is packed with black-fruit aromas. The palate feels a bit prickly and raw, while blackberry flavors run quick, with a chocolaty oak character popping up on a lean finish."	Don Baltazar	88	17	Other	San Juan		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa Montes 2012 Don Baltazar Malbec (San Juan)	Malbec	Casa Montes
US	"A blend of 61% Cabernet Franc and 39% Merlot, this has scents of black fruit and green bell pepper that are characteristic of many Bordeaux-style blends, with underpinnings of savory spice and char. The full-bodied palate has a soft, chocolaty core, boasting medium-grained tannins and easy acids that lend enough lift."	Topiary	86	25	Virginia	Virginia				Boxwood 2010 Topiary Red (Virginia)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Boxwood
US	"Easy to drink, with some sweetness to the pear, apricot and orange flavors, like a drizzle of honey on fresh fruit. The mousse, which creates the mouthfeel, is refined and smooth, lacking sharp edges, which adds to the impression of finesse. Overall, a very fine sparkling wine, especially considering its nonvintage status."	25th Anniversary J Cuvée	91	24	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			J Vineyards & Winery NV 25th Anniversary J Cuvée Sparkling (Russian River Valley)	Sparkling Blend	J Vineyards & Winery
US	"This dry, acidic young Pinot Noir isn't offering much richness, but does have a nice heart of cherries and persimmons. Nice and elegant, it's pretty good for the price. Give it an hour in a decanter and drink now."	Goldie's Vineyard	88	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Toad Hollow 2011 Goldie's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Toad Hollow
Spain	"Dark in color and inky on the nose, this smells oaky and a bit like plastic. On the palate, grabby tannins and heavy overall weight makes for a clumsy mouthfeel. Flavors of oak resin share the stage with blackberry fruit, while a sticky, tannic finish rates as chunky and chewy."		87	20	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Señorio del Tallar 2013  Ribera del Duero	Tempranillo	Señorio del Tallar
US	"A solid, middle-of-the-road Syrah, with a gently tannic structure framing blackberry, cherry and blueberry jam, mocha, fig, leather, dried herb and spice flavors."		86	20	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Lincourt 2005 Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Lincourt
US	"This is one of the better California Tempranillos out there. It's delicate and silky on the palate, and earthy despite rich raspberry and cherry fruit. Balanced with crisp acidity and a scour of dusty tannins, it's complex enough to enjoy with a great steak, especially with mushrooms. A consistent followup to the winery's 2010."		89	27	California	California	California Other			Straight Line 2011 Tempranillo (California)	Tempranillo	Straight Line
Italy	"There is plenty to like in this wine with its rich dark fruit, Indian spices and leather but it also showed a slightly dank, wet fur character. On the palate, the animal quality had retreated to the side, and the fruit was dominant. Medium finish, a nice wine with a question mark."	Gaia Principe	85	45	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Prinsi 2004 Gaia Principe  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Prinsi
US	"Sweet in fruit and oak, with simple, candied flavors of pineapple jam and vanilla custard."		81	8	California	California	California Other			Round Hill 2008 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Round Hill
Israel	"Aromas of black cherry, roasted red pepper and leather prepare the palate for flavors of black cherry, black fig, cherry preserves, anise and orange peel. A network of velvety tannins provides a backdrop for an ongoing cool-mint sensation that drops away for final notes of anisette and orange peel."	D Series	91	20	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Dalton 2013 D Series Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dalton
France	"There is great fruit on this ripe, full-bodied wine. The fruit is already well integrated with the tannins, giving a juicy feel and a black currant fragrance. Rich, open and soft, finishing with an elegant structure."		89	35	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Teyssier 2010  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Teyssier
US	"Fairly light in the glass, juicy aromas of fruit punch, red cherry and licorice show on the nose of this wine. The palate offers pomegranate fruit and fennel, proving quite fruit punchy all around."		84	16	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Limited by Cambridge Cellars 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Limited by Cambridge Cellars
US	"This well-made wine in a rich style smells like ripe pears and melted butter, and tastes soft and almost sweet, resembling pear and peach juice. The texture is smooth and soft and the body is medium, so it's easy to enjoy."		85	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dark Horse 2013 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Dark Horse
Australia	"Chapel Hill's recent Cabernets have been impressive, and the 2006 continues that streak, offering complex aromas of green coffee beans, dried herbs and cassis, then easing into flavors of dark chocolate and black olive. Shows good density and richness, ending on notes of cofee and chocolate. Drink now–2013."		88	19	South Australia	McLaren Vale		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Chapel Hill 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (McLaren Vale)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chapel Hill
Germany	"Pressed apple and pears are dusted in pollen and saffron in this earth-toned Spätlese. Delicately sweet honey tones brighten the midpalate, accompanied by bracing lemonade acidity. The finish is moderately long, marked by a lingering touch of dried herbs."	Wehlener Sonnenuhr Spätlese	87	28	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Pauly Bergweiler 2014 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Pauly Bergweiler
US	"Golden apple, butterscotch and white peach notes dominate this Chardonnay's nose. The bright acidity gives the creamy palate some lift, and the finish entices with its focused hazelnut flavor."		86	22	Virginia	Virginia				868 Estate NV Chardonnay (Virginia)	Chardonnay	868 Estate
US	"Turbo-charged fruit flavors, full body and an almost thick texture make this wine opulent and compelling. While technically dry, it has such ripe blackberry and boysenberry flavors that it tastes like a syrup, coating the sides of the mouth with fruit flavor and powering to a lingering finish."	Duality	91	24	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	M2 2014 Duality Red (Amador County)	Red Blend	M2
Australia	"From the little-known region of Padthaway, this Cabernet starts off with some very promising, perfumed aromas of mint and cassis, but then shows touches of chocolate and raisined fruit on the palate. It's soft and mouthfilling—an easy-drinking Cab to consume on the young side."	The Trial of John Montford	87	30	South Australia	Padthaway		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Henry's Drive Vignerons 2006 The Trial of John Montford Cabernet Sauvignon (Padthaway)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Henry's Drive Vignerons
US	"This is a nicely made, full-bodied wine, richly layered in vanilla, cassis and cedar, a mix of savory and fruity. Dried herb, tobacco and oak provide a succulent backbone while the acidity stays firm and fresh in the glass."	V Collection	91	50	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Napa Cellars 2012 V Collection Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Napa Cellars
US	"This wine is made to highlight the vintage and best vineyards, relying heavily on the producer's top-end site, Sacrashe. A hugely constructed wine, bold and brawny, it also manages to be soft and velvety, allowing for a greater contribution of savory elements than sweet, from leather to black pepper to Mexican chocolate. It pushes the boundaries on decadence in mysterious ways."	Kathryn Hall	95	165	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Hall 2013 Kathryn Hall Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hall
US	"Cranberry and clove swirl into a decadently spiced nose on this single-vineyard expression from veteran winemakers Dick Dore and Billy Wathen. The wine delivers more complexity on the palate, with touches of raspberry, allspice and cardamon."	Julia's Vineyard	93	62	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 2012 Julia's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
US	"This 100% varietal wine hails from Stone Tree, Cold Creek and Beverly vineyards. Aromas of vanilla, chocolate, cherry and raspberry lead to exuberant layered fruit flavors. It displays a lot of intensity, focus, and length."	Premier	92	85	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Northstar 2012 Premier Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Northstar
US	"Talley produces some of the best Chardonnays on the Central Coast. Although this isn't one of their single-vineyard bottlings, it's a splendid wine, dry, crisp and silky. It shows complex citrus, vanilla and mineral flavors, and should pair with lobster, shrimp and scallops."	Estate Bottled	91	26	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Talley 2010 Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Chardonnay	Talley
Italy	"This easygoing red opens with aromas of black-skinned berry, baking spice and a whiff of violet. The bright shows black plum, cinnamon and a touch of white pepper alongside smooth tannins. Enjoy soon."	Morale	87	13	Central Italy	Romagna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Morini 2015 Morale Sangiovese (Romagna)	Sangiovese	Morini
US	"From an estate-farmed vineyard, this medium-bodied wine is earthy and aromatic in baked bread, with soft, moderate acidity. With length and breadth, it shows a tartness of black tea and stems, finishing in oak."	Rodgers Creek Vineyard	87	36	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Garnet Vineyards 2014 Rodgers Creek Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Garnet Vineyards
Chile	"This is a fresh type of Pinot, with a pointy bouquet containing herbal raspberry and nettle qualities. It feels juicy, fresh and lifted due to the acidity, while the flavors of raspberry and herb come with dry, oaky, toasty accents. It's peppery, dry and light on the finish."	Reserva	85	12	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Apaltagua 2011 Reserva Pinot Noir (Curicó Valley)	Pinot Noir	Apaltagua
US	"This is a refined and restrained Pinot from a reputable grape grower who has successfully made the transition to winemaker. Raspberry, cherry-vanilla and rhubarb interplay seamlessly, teasing with a taste of decadence and silky tannins. The finish offers highlights of orange zest and clove."	Nunes Vineyard Ten Block	94	39	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	St. Rose 2012 Nunes Vineyard Ten Block Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	St. Rose
US	"An easy, delicious Pinot Noir, this is dry and brisk in acidity, with rich cherry, cola, cranberry and sweet oak flavors. The silky texture makes it especially drinkable now."	Wet Kiss	87	52	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Woodenhead 2010 Wet Kiss Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Woodenhead
Australia	"This is a toasty oaky version of Pinot Noir, loaded with cedar, vanilla and wood-derived tannins. Yet there's enough cherry fruit to provide ample support, and delicate herbal shadings peer through on the bright, concentrated finish. Drink now through 2020."		89	17	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Wakefield 2014 Pinot Noir (Adelaide Hills)	Pinot Noir	Wakefield
US	"Ripe banana, coconut, mango and guava aromas make for a showy entry in this bottling, but citrusy freshness keeps it in check. The palate show a clean line of lemony acidity that sears into the finish, cutting through hints of more tropical fruit."		88	19	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fess Parker 2016 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Fess Parker
Portugal	"Structured and still very young, this richly exuberant wine is bursting to get beyond its tannins. The black fruits and dark texture are piled high and laced with intense acidity. It has the mineral character that seems often to appear in wines from the remote, mountainous Beira Interior, giving the potential for considerable aging. Drink from 2018."	Beyra Superior	93	20	Beira Interior			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Rui Roboredo Madeira 2012 Beyra Superior Red (Beira Interior)	Portuguese Red	Rui Roboredo Madeira
France	"This wine is fresh with acidity, rather than fruit. The dry core shows up in wood flavors that still need to integrate with fruit. Give this wine a few years and it will come together while always being on the lean side. Drink from 2018."		86	32	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Hannetot 2013  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Hannetot
US	"The second vintage of this specific block, Home is spicy in notes of orange oil and peel, with a hint of rose water. Soft, integrated tannins and a touch of graham cracker play off of juicy blackberry and plum flavors, finishing with glimmers of black and red licorice."	Home Block	93	85	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Iron Horse 2013 Home Block Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Iron Horse
US	"The DSM sparklers all come in a fancy package, all are méthode champenoise, all finished with a wire cage and Champagne cork. This is quite yeasty, with a pretty toasted coconut flavor that spices up the fruit. Primarily Chardonnay, it has no perceptible residual sugar."	Blanc de Blancs	88	11	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Ste. Michelle NV Blanc de Blancs Sparkling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Ste. Michelle
New Zealand	"Seems a bit lighter than previous vintages, but it's still a smooth, supple, enjoyable Pinot. Suede and red cherries, chocolate and tart berries mark the aromas and flavors. Picks up some charred oak notes on the finish."	Reserve	86	20	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Brancott 2000 Reserve Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Brancott
US	"This two-vineyard blend of two-thirds Merlot and one-third Cabernet Sauvignon is a well-balanced mix of brambly berry flavors, with details of leaf and clean earth. Both vineyards are well established and are located in prime Cabernet country on Red Mountain."	Artz and Shaw Red Mountain	90	39	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Adams Bench 2009 Artz and Shaw Red Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Adams Bench
US	"A deep mauve in color, so much it could be mistaken for a light red wine, this wine offers baked cherry, warm plum fruit and a touch of iron on the nose. Cherry and plum skins mesh with ripe raspberries on the palate, which tastes good but is fairly heavy in style for a pink wine."	Rosé of	86	20	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Eberle 2015 Rosé of Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Eberle
Italy	"Intense aromas of wild red berry, violet, underbrush and a whiff of graphite lead the nose on this hearty wine. The warm, round palate offers ripe sour cherry, crushed strawberry, tobacco and a licorice note alongside firm but polished tannins."	I Quadri	90	39	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bindella 2011 I Quadri  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Sangiovese	Bindella
US	"This wine's sharply etched, bright pineapple and underripe peach flavors gain depth from aging in 13% new French oak. A touch of honeyed apple and butterscotch lingers on the finish. Drink now through 2022."		90	38	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sokol Blosser 2015 Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Sokol Blosser
US	"This tiny winery makes just a few hundred cases per year. The Merlot is grapey and rustic, with Grenache-like fruit flavors and some rough, chocolatey oak. —P.G."		85	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Patrick M. Paul 2000 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Patrick M. Paul
US	"The round, forward scents and flavors of buttery popcorn dominate this vineyard designate, and that buttery note carries all the way into and around the finish. Though it spent just nine months in 20% new French oak, the palate and flavors suggest that it went through full malolactic. It's a stylistic choice that will delight many Chardonnay lovers."	Elton	88	45	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Willamette Valley Vineyards 2014 Elton Chardonnay (Eola-Amity Hills)	Chardonnay	Willamette Valley Vineyards
US	"Perfumed in cassis and chocolate, this wine starts out with soft layers of fruit, but lacks structure and definition, making for a simple, lighthearted quaff."		82	27	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Experience 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Experience
US	"This wine backs up the price tag with a fruit-forward nose showing blackberry, black cherry, dried mint and tarragon. The palate is more tart, with dried sour cherries, espresso-bean bitterness, lava rocks and graphite. It's surprisingly both dark and lean, offering solid complexity."	OPR	92	168	California	Temecula Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Callaway 2009 OPR Cabernet Sauvignon (Temecula Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Callaway
France	"From one of a group of chateaus owned by the Guyon family of Rolland de By, this is an intensely fruity wine. It has finely balanced tannins and acidity along with smoky flavors and layers of delicious black currant fruit. Drink from 2019."		90	20	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château La Clare 2014  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château La Clare
US	"This is a big, fruity, oaky Chardonnay. What it lacks in subtlety it makes up for in sheer power. The flavors of apricots, tangerines and limes, with smoky oak influences, are rich and forward."		86	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Hess Collection 2012 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Hess Collection
France	"Exemplary in all areas, from the smoke, mushroom and berry nose to the exotic undertones of island spice and fine oak supporting vibrant raspberry fruit. It's one of those wines that's a pure pleasure to drink, and it's ready out of the gate. For very good Burgundy that clicks on all cylinders, this is it."	Premier Cru Les Vergelesses	92	33	Burgundy	Pernand-Vergelesses		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Laleure-Piot 1998 Premier Cru Les Vergelesses  (Pernand-Vergelesses)	Pinot Noir	Laleure-Piot
US	"An impressive young Cabernet from a region not well known for Cabs. The first impression is a complex aroma of herb, dark cherry and dark chocolate that continues through to the palate. The texture is laced well with fine, firm tannins that will make it great with rich meat and cheese dishes. Overall it is concentrated and full-bodied, big but balanced."		90	22	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Christine Andrew 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sierra Foothills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Christine Andrew
US	"Give this Syrah a few hours of decanting and drink it now. It's dry, full bodied and dense in blackberry, blueberry, bacon, pepper and oak flavors. Shows real elegance and class, but not an ager."	Estate Grown	87	40	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Broadway Vineyards 2009 Estate Grown Syrah (Carneros)	Syrah	Broadway Vineyards
Italy	"Earthy and full-bodied, this offers aromas of truffle, scorched earth, leather, game and mature black-skinned fruit. The warm palate offers black cherry marinated in spirits, star anise and clove alongside brooding tannins. It shows the heat of the vintage so drink sooner rather than later."	Boscareto	89	79	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Beni di Batasiolo 2011 Boscareto  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Beni di Batasiolo
Argentina	"Rough cherry and plum aromas are indicative of what's to come. This feels fresh but raw, with high acidity and not much body or depth. Tart plum and cranberry flavors finish with sharp acidity and a drawing sensation."		84	9	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Privada 2013 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Privada
US	"This herbaceous wine has aromas like snap peas and flavors like fruit cocktail, white pepper and celery. Light to medium in body, it offers good acidity."		85	18	California	North Coast		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Trinity River 2016 Sauvignon Blanc	Sauvignon Blanc	Trinity River
US	"Zesty lime skins meld with sweet honey and yellow florals on the nose of this semisweet Riesling. It's gorgeously concentrated yet elegant with a sheer, minerally midpalate and a hint of spice on the finish."		87	12	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Red Newt Cellars 2009 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Red Newt Cellars
Spain	"Hefty and a tiny bit herbal on the nose, with tomato, red berry and spice aromas. The palate is perfectly formed and balanced, with roasted berry, smoked meat and earthy flavors. Turns juicy and dry on what amounts to a tight finish. Excellent modern Rioja to drink now through 2015."	Dioro	92	33	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valsacro 2005 Dioro  (Rioja)	Red Blend	Valsacro
Chile	"Big, oaky and toasty on the nose, and then zesty and pithy in the mouth, with citrus, tangerine, lemon and not much else. Call it a one-trick pony and get ready for citrusy flavors and little variation on that theme. The good thing is, for a Maule Chard it plays its hand right."	Barrel Selection	85	19	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña el Aromo 2008 Barrel Selection Chardonnay (Maule Valley)	Chardonnay	Viña el Aromo
Spain	"After an early aromatic blast of sulfuric matchstick, this turns for the better while providing scents of citrus, fresh-cut grass and minerals. The palate is zesty, with briny flavors of nectarine and orange. A minerally, slightly salty finish keeps this on course."	Private Reserve Brut Nature	88	21	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Alella 2013 Private Reserve Brut Nature Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Alta Alella
US	"Classic Laetitia, dark, dry, full-bodied and richly extracted. The cherry, persimmon and pomegranate fruit is so forward, it tastes sweet, except that the wine finishes fully dry. Acidity is evident, as are grippy tannins, and the fruit and spice finish lasts a long time. An evident ager. Best after 2013."	Les Galets	93	60	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Laetitia 2007 Les Galets Pinot Noir (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Pinot Noir	Laetitia
Spain	"Cherry and leather aromas show a stemmy, brambly element. The mouthfeel is sharp and scratchy, while the flavors are a mix of reedy tobacco, raspberry and cherry. Choppy but juicy and lively on the finish. A blend of Mazuelo, Syrah and Garnacha."	Can Blau	86	16	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Can Blau 2008 Can Blau Red (Montsant)	Red Blend	Can Blau
US	"Fermented entirely in stainless steel, this wine nonetheless offers an oak-like body and warmth of vanilla and baked Alaska, ripe and grippy flavors around a tightness of texture. A pretty note of honeysuckle provides a more delicate sense of elegance."	Trio Vineyard	90	34	California	Yountville	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tamber Bey 2014 Trio Vineyard Chardonnay (Yountville)	Chardonnay	Tamber Bey
US	"Here's a really good Merlot from a producer that does a great job at it and has kept prices fair for years. It shows the rich tannic structure that Napa so effortlessly achieves, while the great vintage ripened the grapes to blackberry and cherry perfection. Luscious now and for a couple more years."		92	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Whitehall Lane 2005 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Whitehall Lane
Argentina	"Jammy and reduced on the nose, this smells gritty and gaseous. In the mouth, this is clampy and tannic. Medicinal flavors of blueberry are proprietary to this wine and frankly a touch green in the middle. That said, the heavy and herbal tasting finish seems fitting."		89	210	Mendoza Province	Perdriel		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Cobos 2013 Malbec (Perdriel)	Malbec	Viña Cobos
US	"Although this wine could be held on to for many years, there's a soft approachability that makes it drinkable now. It's a big wine, packed with blackberries, cherries and dark chocolate. If you open it soon, decant it for a few hours."	Wurtele Vineyard Estate Grown	93	75	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Terra Valentine 2010 Wurtele Vineyard Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Spring Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Terra Valentine
US	"Made from Pinot Noir, this is a dry, crisp young blush wine of some real interest and complexity. It has flavors of unsweetened orange pekoe tea, tangerine zest and vanilla, with a scour of dusty tannins."	Chiaretto	86	18	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Perbacco Cellars 2006 Chiaretto Rosé (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Rosé	Perbacco Cellars
US	"Pretty, supple purple fruits infuse this interesting blend of Tempranillo, Grenache and Mourvèdre. No one grape dominates; the flavors are smoothly integrated and well-matched, with an undercoating of smoke, licorice, pastis and coffee. Nicely polished tannins."	StoneTree Vineyard	88	28	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Steppe Cellars 2008 StoneTree Vineyard Red (Wahluke Slope)	Red Blend	Steppe Cellars
US	"This showcases the varietal's rustic side, with edgy tannins and a briary mouthfeel framing cherry, raspberry, spice and tobacco flavors. It's dry and very high in alcohol, which gives it a glycerine-based sweetness. This does a good job expressing the essential Dry Creek Zinfandel character."	Cuccio	88	27	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Pech Merle 2010 Cuccio Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Pech Merle
New Zealand	"As usual, the team at Craggy Range has turned out an excellent rendering of Sauvignon Blanc from the estate vineyard in Martinborough. There's a lovely, lively interplay of stone fruit, citrus and subtle grassiness, plus a plump, silky mouthfeel and a smooth, elegant finish."	Te Muna Vineyard	91	22	Martinborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Craggy Range 2015 Te Muna Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Martinborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Craggy Range
US	"Outstanding. So dry and elegant, with such a deft, delicate texture, yet so explosive in fruit and spice. Bone dry, it has notes of herbs, cinnamon, raspberries and white pepper. A gorgeous, complex wine, one to think about and discuss."	Monument Tree	95	50	California	Anderson Valley				Copain Wines 2009 Monument Tree Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Copain Wines
US	"The winery's most-available Syrah is co-fermented with a splash of Viognier. The fruit is tight and compact, clean with red and black berry flavors, framed by firm, polished tannins."	Signature	90	42	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Doyenne 2011 Signature Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	Doyenne
Italy	"Aromas of violet, ripe plum and a whiff of espresso lead the nose of this straightforward red. The easygoing palate offers dried cherry, crushed raspberry and a hint of ground pepper alongside fresh acidity and dusty, rather fleeting tannins."	Castelgreve	87	15	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castelli del Grevepesa 2012 Castelgreve  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Castelli del Grevepesa
Italy	"Truly classy, with a deep nose of earth, tar and pure berry fruit. This wine delivers both the sweetness and ripeness that it should along with some rugged, spicy edges. The finish is big and packed with licorice, spice and pepper. A fine wine. Hold until 2006."		92	56	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Collosorbo 1999  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Collosorbo
US	"This wine is filled with robust Zinny flavors, ranging from wild raspberries and red currants to tobacco, mocha and crushed black pepper. It's just beginning to pick up aged notes, making it sweeter and more mellow than it would have been two or three years ago. Kudos to Balletto for holding it back before  release. Drink now–2016."	Estate	89	21	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Balletto 2008 Estate Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Balletto
France	"This is wood laden, with sweet fruit that compensates for the toastiness. The oak element should integrate well in the next 2–3 years, making for a wine that's soft and sweetly fruity, with smoky acidity."	Hauts Marconnets Premier Cru	89	39	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2010 Hauts Marconnets Premier Cru  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Chardonnay	Chanson Père et Fils
US	"Very dry and tannic, this Malbec has an unrelieved toughness in the mouth, despite some good cherry flavors. The texture is just too hard, and shows some bitterness in the finish. Drink now."		85	32	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Paoletti 2006 Malbec (Napa Valley)	Malbec	Paoletti
US	"We need wines like this that are super-dry, ultra-crisp in acidity and sleakly lean. This one's the anti-Chardonnay. It's tightly wound in minerals and citrus fruits, a Sancerre-style wine born to drink with food. Crab salad in lettuce wraps or chicken satay skewers come to mind."		90	16	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Joseph Carr 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Joseph Carr
Greece	"Simple but satifisfying, this wine exhibits good fruit, pretty aromatics and a spicy kick. It's a little out of focus and lacks acidity, but overall, this is a pleasing everyday white."	Moschofilero-Moschato	84	18	Peloponnese			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Dionysos 2010 Moschofilero-Moschato White (Peloponnese)	White Blend	Dionysos
Italy	"Madre is the name of a beautiful vineyard parcel on the Poggio Antico estate, with views that extend from Montalcino to the Mediterranean Sea. This hearty blend of Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon is intense and rich, with long-lasting notes of blackberry, smoke, spice and black pepper. The mouthfeel is lush and velvety."	Madre	94	73	Tuscany	Toscana				Poggio Antico 2009 Madre Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Poggio Antico
France	"This crisp, dry rosé brings out citrus and orange fruits as much as red berries and red currants. It is tight and lightly mineral in texture, with a touch of tannin from the 100% Pinot Noir. The wine is ready to drink."	Brut Rosé	88	54	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Charles-Gilbert de Vindé NV Brut Rosé Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Charles-Gilbert de Vindé
US	"Though it's relatively light for Syrah, this offers flavors that are true to classic varietal characteristics. Red and purple berries, anise and a vein of steel are all in the mix, and continue through a gentle fade-out."	"4-2,A"	88	25	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	"Quady North 2012 4-2,A Syrah (Rogue Valley)"	Syrah	Quady North
US	"Cocoa, plum and vanilla aromas are followed by creamy-feeling blue-fruit flavors that display a mixture of fruit and barrel. The barrel influence is heavy, but it's delicious all the same."	Grand Estates	90	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Crest 2013 Grand Estates Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Columbia Crest
US	"Easy-going in spite of full body, this warm and generous wine is full of ripe fruit flavors and has a smooth texture. The fresh cherry and raspberry flavors are tasty and satisfying, while very light tannins keep the mouth-feel soft."		85	13	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Eagle Canyon 2013 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Eagle Canyon
France	"Ripe and impressively rich for a wine from so far north in Burgundy, this has yellow fruits, crisp acidity and a textured edge of acidity. There is a mineral element to this otherwise creamy, fruity wine. Drink now."	Tonnerre	88	22	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Dominique Gruhier 2013 Tonnerre  (Bourgogne)	Chardonnay	Domaine Dominique Gruhier
US	"This is a lighter-style wine, as Pinots from this vineyard, which is in a warm part of the valley, tend to be. But it's also a tasty Pinot, soft and supple, with cola, cherry jam, brown sugar, pie spice and sandalwood flavors. Drink now."	Bacigalupi Vineyard	87	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Cellars 33 2011 Bacigalupi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Cellars 33
France	"A tight wine—this has acidity and a firm, steely character. It's taut and lined with a green flavor that powers the crisp apple and grapefruit finish."	Kritt	85	29	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Gresser 2011 Kritt Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Gresser
US	"This is a light, clear and candied wine, somewhat thin, that's also tangy in acidity. Also holding 5% Zinfandel and 5% Sangiovese, it's definitely fruity in cherry and vanilla without getting overripe, a good value made by longtime winemaker Dr. Richard Peterson."	Mission Series	86	22	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Crespi Ranch 2012 Mission Series Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Crespi Ranch
US	"A fragrant wine with notes of lavender, pear and peach, this drinks medium-sweet, with a spritzy feel and peach flavors throughout."	Ryan's	87	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ryan Patrick 2013 Ryan's Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Ryan Patrick
US	"Pretty much a near replica of the winery's previous vintage, a sound, clean and dry Cabernet for drinking soon. It's rich in tannins, with varietally proper flavors of blackberries, black currants, plums and cedar. Give it a good decant before pouring."		88	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Titus 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Titus
France	"A great value and a good choice for barbecue or summer seafood dishes. Moderate notes of small red berries, wild strawberry and raspberry dominate the creamy mouth along with a hint of soft garrigue herbs on the finish."	Réserve St. Martin Syrah	85	9	Languedoc-Roussillon	Vin de Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Les Vignerons de la Méditerranée 2008 Réserve St. Martin Syrah Rosé (Vin de Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	Les Vignerons de la Méditerranée
US	"Another successful Marinus from this small Monterey County appellation. Made from all five classic Bordeaux varieties, it's dry and rich in blackberries, black currants, crème de cassis and cedar, and is more rough in tannins than your typical Napa Cabernet blend. Drink now–2013."	Marinus	90	36	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast			Bernardus 2007 Marinus Red (Carmel Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Bernardus
France	"Smoky, rich, this wine packs a powerful punch of vibrant black cherry fruits, and generous sweet tannins. It is big, muscular, the structure wide and open. It shows richness and opulence, brought into line by a firm, youthful structure that needs five years or more to age."		95	400	Burgundy	Echézeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Père & Fils 2006  Echézeaux	Pinot Noir	Bouchard Père & Fils
Chile	"Leathery red berry aromas move to dark fruit after sitting in the glass. This Malbec is jammy in feel, but overall it's fresh. Earthy flavors of spiced plum, baked berry and salt finish toasty, woody and briny."	Reserva de Familia	88	22	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2011 Reserva de Familia Malbec (Rapel Valley)	Malbec	Santa Carolina
France	"Ripe and juicy, this shows red fruits and soft, broad tannins. The fruity concentration gives it a generous feel. Keep for 2–3 years, or drink sooner."		87	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lamothe-Vincent 2010  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lamothe-Vincent
Germany	"Perhaps because of its slow, natural fermentation in large casks and the resulting lees contact, this wine shows a bit of toasty, mealy character and a slightly creamy texture. It's a weighty Riesling (for the Mosel, anyway), with ripe notes of peach complementing citrus fruit and a dry, stony finish."	Steinreich Trocken	89	40	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ansgar Clüsserath 2010 Steinreich Trocken Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Ansgar Clüsserath
US	"Shows a welcome return to form, with lush, oak-inspired flavors of grilled pineapples, apricots and mulled green apple cider. This is a very good price for a Chardonnay of this quality."	Grand Reserve Bien Nacido Vineyard	88	15	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Villa Mt. Eden 2006 Grand Reserve Bien Nacido Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Maria Valley)	Chardonnay	Villa Mt. Eden
Argentina	"Grainy oak and green aromas rest on top of generic red-fruit scents. This feels chunky, blocky and tannic, with herbaceous medicinal flavors of tomato, oak resin and green herbs. A spicy saucy-tasting finish holds onto the wine's minty green herbal essence."	Gran Reserve	84	22	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Loscano 2010 Gran Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Luján de Cuyo)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Loscano
US	"Light flavors call up notes of toasted cracker and raspberry candy that are pleasant enough, but insubstantial. The addition of 3% Syrah to the blend may have helped to bump up the color, but this remains a rather thin and simple, quaffable wine."		87	30	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Portlandia 2013 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Portlandia
US	"Pretty hard to like. It's harsh in acidity, with watered-down raspberry jam flavors that finish sweet."	Coastal Series	81	9	California	California	California Other			Jenica Peak 2010 Coastal Series Merlot (California)	Merlot	Jenica Peak
US	"Herbal and tight, with a whiff of burnt rubber in front of some tart fruit. There is some concentration, and with more bottle age the wine may yet flesh out a bit."	Chelle den Millie Vineyard	86	36	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Basel Cellars 2008 Chelle den Millie Vineyard Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Basel Cellars
US	"Extremely luscious on the nose, this bottling is redolent of baked black cherries, vanilla, smoke and wet riverstones. That fruit-forward style carries over to the palate, with cherry pie and baking spice flavors, backed by a solid and an expertly balanced acidity that holds those rich flavors in check."	Hollister Edna Ranch	93	100	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tolosa 2015 Hollister Edna Ranch Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Tolosa
France	This beautiful wine has great potential. It already shows good balance between the acidity and ripe yellow fruits that are woven into the toasty texture and the spice. The wine will take time to develop but will become impressive. Drink from 2022.	Champ Gain Premier Cru	94	124	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Faiveley 2015 Champ Gain Premier Cru  (Puligny-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Domaine Faiveley
Chile	"Briny, vegetal aromas of asparagus and jalapeño lead to a viscous palate with blazing coastal acidity. Flavors of lime and tangerine are offset by vegetal bell pepper and asparagus notes, while this feels round, oily and smooth on a finish with good acidic cut. Drink now."	Lot 4	88	40	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Leyda 2014 Lot 4 Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Leyda
US	"Not as full bodied as the tall bottle might indicate, this is instead a restrained, not-so-ripe wine that has an appetizing dryness, firm tannins and supportive acidity. It smells and tastes like dried cherries and cranberries, with a slightly astringent mouthfeel that will wash down rich foods well."	Mistero	87	23	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Naggiar 2012 Mistero Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Naggiar
Australia	"This is surprisingly plump and accessible, featuring scents of lime rind upfront, then flavors of apple, nectarine and citrus. A medium-bodied wine with a long, mouthwatering finish, it's a tasty near-term drinker but should develop well for up to 10 years."	Julius	90	37	South Australia	Eden Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Henschke 2012 Julius Riesling (Eden Valley)	Riesling	Henschke
Argentina	"This Cabernet Franc blend opens with herbal oaky aromas of coffee and red fruits. The palate feels tartaric and shocking, with heavy extraction and an overall wiry feel. Jacked-up berry flavors come with more than enough oak, while this is steady but not finessed or elegant on the finish. Drink through 2021."	Piantao	91	100	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zorzal 2012 Piantao Red (Tupungato)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Zorzal
France	"A soft wine without real definition, it has an attractive fruity character, but it's missing the firm structure of the appellation. With its vanilla and apricot flavors, this ripe Chardonnay is ready to drink."		86	50	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jaffelin 2010  Chassagne-Montrachet	Chardonnay	Jaffelin
France	"Light and bright with plenty of fruit and a lsoft texture, this lemon-flavored wine has crisp acidity and a ready-to-drink freshness. Drink now."	Le Grand Caillou	84	14	Loire Valley	Val de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Patient Cottat 2014 Le Grand Caillou Sauvignon Blanc (Val de Loire)	Sauvignon Blanc	Patient Cottat
US	"A 100% Merlot aged 18 months in French oak, this hearty wine is rich in cinnamon toast, bittersweet chocolate and dark, black fruit. It's walled in tannins, so let it open a bit and it'll reveal subtle herbal tones."		88	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Reign 2012 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Reign
Italy	"Aromas of mature berry, tilled soil and a whiff of dark spice unfold on this young red. The vibrant, straightforward palate offers easy-drinking pleasure, doling out juicy wild cherry and star anise alongside loose knit, glossy tannins and bright acidity."	Vigna Cavarchione	87	35	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Istine 2013 Vigna Cavarchione  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Istine
US	"Soft and one-dimensional, this red Rhône blend has flavors of cherries, blackberry jam, blueberry pie, chocolate and pepper. There's some bitterness throughout that detracts."	Heritage Cuvée	82	18	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Curtis 2005 Heritage Cuvée Red (Santa Barbara County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Curtis
US	"This is a fine, impressive Cabernet that shows the soft tannins and slight herbaceousness of Alexander Valley, yet is rich in cherry jam, cassis liqueur, chocolate and sweet oak flavors. Feels plush and fancy in the mouth. Drink soon."		90	39	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Dewitt 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dewitt
Australia	"A sweet attack of ripe fruit is the opener for a crisp palate of raspberry jam, set in a bed of soft tannins. Juicy and extracted, this is one to catch young."		85	12	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia				Angus The Bull 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (South Eastern Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Angus The Bull
Portugal	"Fruit and barnyard flavors combine to give a wine that, while on the rustic side, still has an attractive juicy quality. It is full bodied; its acidity combines with a ripe plum flavor."		88	20	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cortes de Cima 2010 Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Cortes de Cima
France	"Complex and rich, this is full of tangy fruits, with a dense structure that brings out weight, minerality and a chewy core of zesty citrus. It very crisp and fruity at this stage and needs to develop its many other flavors. Drink from 2017."	Montée de Tonnerre Premier Cru	93	32	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	La Chablisienne 2012 Montée de Tonnerre Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	La Chablisienne
Italy	"This opens with subtle aromas suggesting underbrush, exotic spice, vanilla, menthol and toast. On the structured palate, bright acidity and firm, fine-grained tannins support ripe Marasca cherry, clove and star anise flavors. Drink 2021–2031."	Gallina	90	75	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Piero Busso 2013 Gallina  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Piero Busso
France	"Made in the buttery style, this is a vanilla- and toast-flavored Chablis. Tropical fruits dominate the ripe, fruity palate, and there's not a touch of minerality or steeliness in sight."		85	17	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jacques Bourguignon 2011  Chablis	Chardonnay	Jacques Bourguignon
France	"Almost black in color, this medicinal, bitter chocolate flavored wine is completely dominated by wood at this stage. But it has such weight that, even though it will always be dark and dry, it is going to be powerful and impressive. Age 6–8 years."	Prieuré de Cenac	92	25	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saint-Didier-Parnac 2009 Prieuré de Cenac Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Saint-Didier-Parnac
Argentina	"Grapy aromas are candied and suggestive of a powdered fruit drink. This feels plump and pulpy, with plum flavors that carry a skin-related astringency. Herbal, rooty notes come up on the finish."		86	12	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Filus 2014 Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Filus
Austria	"A crisp style of Riesling, with freshly perfumed green fruits and a steely edge. Flavors of white currants and green plums finish with vivid acidity."	Diermannsee	88	18	Niederösterreich			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Norbert Bauer 2009 Diermannsee Riesling (Niederösterreich)	Riesling	Norbert Bauer
France	"The top wine of the trilogy made at Château Ponzac, this is designed for aging. Mint flavors from new-wood barrels mingle with dark tannins and a concentrated texture. It is a powerful, ripe wine that certainly does need some time. Don't drink before 2020."	Eternellement	93	44	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Ponzac 2014 Eternellement Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Ponzac
US	"Herb, pencil lead, plum and vanilla aromas are followed by smooth, soft blue-fruit flavors. It shows a beautiful sense of balance."		90	41	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Northstar 2013 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Northstar
France	"The 54-acre Landat vineyard, dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon, has produced a powerful, wood-aged wine. The wood shows in the firm and dense tannic structure and gives the wine a dry perspective. Black currant and acidity provided a more juicy aspect to this concentrated wine."		88	20	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Landat 2012  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Landat
Portugal	"A young and fruity wine, full of ripe black currant fruit. Its tannins are soft, a good balance with the fresh, juicy fruit. Drink or age a year."	Marquês de Borba	86	15	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2010 Marquês de Borba Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
US	"A sniff of leather and limited fruit freshness detract this wine from reaching the level of the previous vintage. It's got some berry flavors and a bit of barrel toast and chocolate, but falls away quickly. Two bottles tasted."	Les Gosses Vineyard	87	40	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Obelisco Estate 2011 Les Gosses Vineyard Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	Obelisco Estate
US	"Light, tart, slightly green fruit flavors don't add up to much. There is an undertone of old barrel or something not quite fresh. Simple and plain."	Winemakers Select Unoaked	83	10	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Oak Knoll 2008 Winemakers Select Unoaked Chardonnay (Oregon)	Chardonnay	Oak Knoll
Italy	"Weedy underbrush, leather, mature berry and a whiff of cellar floor open. The full-bodied but somewhat evolved palate shows toast, mocha, grilled mushroom and dried black cherry alongside tightly knit tannins. Give the tannins a few years to unwind but then drink sooner rather than later to catch what fruit richness remains."	Gualto Riserva	89	100	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Camigliano 2010 Gualto Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Camigliano
US	"This wine from the one of the cool appellation's most historic and widely tapped vineyards offers savory aromas of blistered cherry tomatoes, paprika, marjoram, caraway and black pepper, with softer strawberry scents emerging over time. It's light and airy on the nicely flavored palate, with the Eastern European goulash elements prevailing over stewed plums and other cooked red fruits."		89	40	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Summerland 2012 Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Summerland
Chile	"A scratchy, fiery opening of juniper, cheesy leather and berry fruit aromas settles with airing. This is tannic as a bag of rocks, with toasty, herbal, dark-fruit flavors. Throughout this feels abrasive, hard and blocky, with a finish of spice and chocolate flavors roughened by hard residual tannins."	Hacienda Araucano Clos de Lolol	86	24	Lolol Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	François Lurton 2010 Hacienda Araucano Clos de Lolol Red (Lolol Valley)	Red Blend	François Lurton
Italy	"Licorice, dark berry, toast and orange-peel aromas take shape in the glass and carry over to the palate, along with grilled herb, mocha and cinnamon. Firm, polished tannins provide balance and support while a mineral vein drives the finish."	Cavanera Rovo delle Coturnie Rosso	92	38	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Firriato 2010 Cavanera Rovo delle Coturnie Rosso  (Etna)	Red Blend	Firriato
US	"From an estate vineyard, this impressive wine is earthy with tobacco leaf and juicy cherry and cassis notes. Soft, supple and lengthy, it lingers on the palate as a well-integrated, balanced and beautifully crafted expression of the grape."	Three Twins Vineyard	93	110	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Stone The Crows 2014 Three Twins Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stone The Crows
US	"Wonderfully aromatic and packed with flavor, this outstanding value opens lightly spicy with zingy raspberry fruit. It's like a tart jam, with citrus-peel highlights peeking through in the sappy finish."		91	30	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sineann 2014 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Sineann
France	"Created by Knights Templar in the 13th century, the estate now consists of 160 acres of vines. This wine has a strong sense of structure, with a zesty tang as well as tannins that enhance the fruitiness of this intense and juicy wine."		91	19	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Commanderie de la Bargemone 2015 Rosé (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rosé	Commanderie de la Bargemone
US	"Quite earthy in profile with hints of smoke, petroleum and fresh green herbs, there's a distinct minerality in this off-dry Riesling that's compelling. Brisk lime-juice acidity and a hint of citrus rind bitterness accentuates the dry finish."	Dry	87	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Billsboro 2010 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Billsboro
South Africa	"A heavyweight, dominated by candy and toffee aromas. Its lack of acidity is redeemed by the concentration of the fruit and by the intensity of the wood and spice, which make a firm background."	Private Collection	84	15	Stellenbosch					Saxenburg Estate 2000 Private Collection Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Saxenburg Estate
Spain	"Floral red-fruit aromas show a touch of wild animal. The tight and choppy palate holds racy flavors of cherry and plum. A long, fruity finish rolls out little by little, with a lasting feel of grape skins."		89	30	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terroir Al Límit 2016 Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Terroir Al Límit
US	"Toast, coffee, vanilla, dill and other wood spices are far out-front on the aromas. They vie for attention on the palate as well, never seeming to marry with the fruit while still providing enjoyment."		88	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Stottle 2012 Tempranillo (Columbia Valley (WA))	Tempranillo	Stottle
US	"This blend of fruit from several estate vineyards bears a brown label, to differentiate it from Trisaetum's vineyard designates. Bright raspberry and cherry fruit is accented with sweet brown spices and hints of barrel toast and chocolate. Drink now through 2020."		91	36	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Trisaetum
Spain	"With a light tan color and yeasty, briny aromas of vanilla and nectarine, this blend of Macabeo (Viura) and the obscure Merseguera grape delivers a wet, simple palate with citric and malic acid. Pithy citrus flavors of grapefruit and tangerine finish long for a basic, unoaked wine."	Conde de Alicante	84	7	Levante	Alicante		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bocopa 2014 Conde de Alicante White (Alicante)	White Blend	Bocopa
US	"From the kosher winery in Oxnard comes this bottling. Black rocks, dust, black cherry and tart plum skin aromas show on the nose. Flavors are primary and lean once sipped, with Concord grape and grapeseed elements as well as woody elderberry, pencil lead and balanced acid and tannins."		86	13	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Baron Herzog 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Baron Herzog
US	"This is bright, hot, spicy and (initially at least) showing some high tones that lift the flavors but also attenuate the midpalate. It's aromatic, with sweet cherry fruit, hot and spicy tannins and enough new oak (60%) to add butter and butterscotch to the finish."	The Pixie	90	45	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gorman 2006 The Pixie Syrah (Red Mountain)	Syrah	Gorman
Italy	"Named after the grapes in the blend (Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon), this easygoing, savory wine doles out juicy blackberry, black currant, black cherry and a hint of licorice. Soft, round tannins provide the framework."	Neprica	87	9	Southern Italy	Puglia		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tormaresca 2012 Neprica Red (Puglia)	Red Blend	Tormaresca
US	"A blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc, this wine offers aromas of dried herbs, milk chocolate and raspberries. It's silky in feel with polished tannins and a spice-filled finish."	The Reserve	88	30	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	14 Hands 2012 The Reserve Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	14 Hands
US	"Exuberant rose, lychee and orange blossom perfume abounds on the nose of this light-bodied white blend. Just a shade off dry on the palate, its sun-kissed peach and citrus flavors are plush and concentrated. Zesty acidity and a crush of minerals revitalize the finish."	Summer in a Bottle	89	24	New York	Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wölffer 2016 Summer in a Bottle White (Long Island)	White Blend	Wölffer
Australia	"Based in Clare Valley, Wakefield sources this fruit from the cooler Adelaide Hills. Attractive rose-petal and dry earth aromas lead the way, followed by notes of black cherries and licorice on the palate. It's a bit full-bodied and muscular, a Pinot more for steak than salmon."		90	17	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Wakefield 2013 Pinot Noir (Adelaide Hills)	Pinot Noir	Wakefield
France	"Situated in the foothills of the Alpilles mountains, in the heart of the landscape painted by Van Gogh, this estate has produced a ripe style of rosé. A fine reflection of the vintage, it is full of red fruits and touches of orange. The crisp, lighter side makes it refreshing."		89	21	Provence	Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine d'Eole 2015 Rosé (Coteaux d'Aix-en-Provence)	Rosé	Domaine d'Eole
Italy	Medicinal and saline aromas lead the nose. The medicinal—almost chemical—sensation carries over to the lean palate while raspy tannins leave a grainy finish.	Leonardo	85	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Stroppiana 2012 Leonardo  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Stroppiana
Italy	"This round, structured Syrah opens with aromas of ripe black fruit, tilled soil and ground black pepper. The palate shows mature blackberry and raspberry together with notes of spice and clove. Velvety tannins provide the framework."	Perenzo	89	65	Tuscany	Maremma Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Magliano 2012 Perenzo  (Maremma Toscana)	Syrah	Fattoria di Magliano
US	"Bright and spicy, this is Pinot Gris with a bit of the grassy bite of a Loire Valley Sauvignon Blanc. Racy and loaded with grapefruit and pineapple flavors, this lingers lazily through a refreshing, acid-driven finish that invites further sipping."	Croft Vineyard	92	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Arbor Brook 2009 Croft Vineyard Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Arbor Brook
US	"From a great vineyard site, this wine does justice to its mountain fruit and coastal acidity, capturing both with ease. Juicy pear, apple, pineapple and a gritty minerality surround big shoulders of body and weight, as aromas of flowers puncture the fruit."	Durell Vineyard	91	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Steele 2015 Durell Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Steele
France	"With vines in the northeast of the Gers region, this winery produces impressively ripe red wines. This wood-aged and spicy wine is still young and needs time to integrate the wood with the red berry fruits. It does have weight and potential richness, so give it until 2016."	La Croix d'Arton	88	12	Southwest France	Côtes de Gascogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine d'Arton 2012 La Croix d'Arton Red (Côtes de Gascogne)	Red Blend	Domaine d'Arton
US	"This is an earthy herbal wine that's also soft and supple on the palate. Dill, cedar and sage play against a tart core of cranberry and cassis, finding their way to a lingering layer of spicy clove. The power and weight of the fruit wears well against the ultimate grace of the wine."	Reserve	93	125	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Paratus 2013 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Paratus
US	"The white wines in the Wine By Joe portfolio are fresh, well-made and offer exceptional value. It's tougher to do with Oregon Pinot Noir. This thin, disjointed and simple wine has aggressive vegetal character and unappealing earthiness."		84	19	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Wine by Joe 2014 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Wine by Joe
France	"Darkly colored, this comes from the slopes above the small town of Buzet. It has structure and layers of black currant fruit and juicy acidity. With its firm tannins and ripe fruitiness, the wine will age. Drink from 2016."	Oniric	87	27	Southwest France	Buzet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons de Buzet 2012 Oniric Cabernet Sauvignon (Buzet)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vignerons de Buzet
US	"This wine's red apple, flower and lees aromas lead to off-dry, leesy fruit flavors that seem a bit heavy and weighed down."	The Gnome Corfu Crossing Vineyard	85	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Finn Hill 2016 The Gnome Corfu Crossing Vineyard Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Finn Hill
US	"It's hard to find a Pinot at this price that shows real sophistication, but Stephen Vincent tries hard. The wine is racy and silky, with coastal elegance. Its cherry, licorice and cola flavors have a little kiss of oak."		85	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Stephen Vincent 2006 Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Stephen Vincent
France	"Now in its 14th generation, this domaine has produced a ripe wine from this single parcel. It's both structured and packed with red fruit and acidity, reflecting its vintage. Drink from 2018."	Aux Saint-Julien	89	59	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Guy & Yan Dufouleur 2014 Aux Saint-Julien  (Nuits-St.-Georges)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Guy & Yan Dufouleur
US	"Pretty good price for what you get. Shows everyday flavors of pears, pineapples and peaches, with a touch of nutmeg and cinnamon. Best Buy."		84	9	California	California	California Other			Montevina 2007 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Montevina
Spain	"Dusty berry fruit aromas blend with milk chocolate and lactic notes on what amounts to a mildly oaky nose. The mouthfeel, meanwhile, is juicy and just right. Flavors of berry fruits, licorice and raisin finish full, minty and ripe, with lasting freshness."	Crianza	88	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Conde de Altava 2009 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Conde de Altava
Chile	"Slightly overripe cherry, prune and raisin aromas lead to a full plump palate. This is dark, dense in body and moderate in terms of acidity and structure. Ripe berry flavors end loamy but short. Drink now. Tasted twice with inconsistent results—this note mostly reflects the better of the two wines tasted."	Pinot del Cerro	87	100	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2014 Pinot del Cerro Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Viña Casablanca
US	"Very concentrated purple flowers aromas of violet and lavender are tough to crack at this early age, with pressed olallieberry, menthol and a forest floor tartness on the nose as well. The palate is quite tight, with espresso, underripe elderberry and plum-skin flavors, but the incredible energy and slight gamy character keeps it quite intriguing."	Bien Nacido X Block	91	50	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bonny Doon 2012 Bien Nacido X Block Syrah (Santa Maria Valley)	Syrah	Bonny Doon
New Zealand	"A consistent performer from year to year, Villa Maria's 2009 Private Bin Sauvignon Blanc hints at asparagus, which kept my enthusiasm a little more limited than in the past. But there's ample grapefruit and bright Green Gage plum on the finish."	Private Bin	87	16	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Villa Maria 2009 Private Bin Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Villa Maria
Israel	"This easy-to-drink wine has aromas of blackberry and cassis with a touch of bell pepper. Offering good mouthfeel and smooth tannins, it has flavors of black cherry, eucalyptus, chocolate and smoked meat, with a touch of orange peel on the finish."	Vintage 2900	88	12	Judean Hills			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Jerusalem Wineries 2014 Vintage 2900 Cabernet Sauvignon (Judean Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jerusalem Wineries
Chile	"Snappy, chiseled and defined by fresh grass and citrus aromas on the nose, this is textbook Casablanca SB. Flavors of tarragon, sage, lime and citrus peel finish with a lasting wave of mild pyrazinic bitterness and tangy citrus."	Single Vineyard Block No. 10 Loma Roja	90	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cono Sur 2015 Single Vineyard Block No. 10 Loma Roja Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cono Sur
US	"This is tart and also overripe, with a sharp, raisin taste that leads to a bitter finish. A blend of Merlot, Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon."	Blend GHK	81	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa			3 Spells 2007 Blend GHK Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	3 Spells
France	"A wonderfully aromatic wine that's bone dry, fresh and textured. A steely edge gives a mineral, tight character that emphasizes the youth of the wine. With a dominance of orange and lemon zest, plus juicy acidity, the wine does need a year or two; drink after 2016."		90	22	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Trimbach 2012 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Trimbach
US	"This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of pear, citrus and apricot. It drinks medium sweet with stone-fruit and citrus flavors along with spritely acidity, bringing a whole lot of appeal."		88	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	14 Hands 2014 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	14 Hands
US	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and—surprise!—Zinfandel, this brings a swirl of red fruits into play, and wraps them in a skin of bark and slightly bitter earth. Peppery tannins and more forest floor flavors kick in at the finish."	Abondante	88	24	Oregon	Columbia Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sineann 2011 Abondante Red (Columbia Valley (OR))	Red Blend	Sineann
US	"This focused effort features fresh-cut apple and pear flavors that are spicy and tightly wrapped with a Bourbon-barrel-like accent. Delicious now, but it can be cellared for a decade at least."	Cold Creek Vineyard	91	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Januik 2010 Cold Creek Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Januik
France	"Lovely notes of ripe mirabelle plum and yellow apple play on the nose. The palate adds a lot more citrus lightness and brightness to this and a finely fizzing mousse that heightens the impression of weightless freshness even more. This is a lovely, dry and invigorating apéritif."	Brut Prestige Domaine Saint Remy	90	24	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Ehrhart NV Brut Prestige Domaine Saint Remy Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Ehrhart
US	"This is an elegant, subtle and spicy varietal wine that reflects its origins, impacted by coastal coolness and ferocity. Dried thyme, stemmy earth, black tea and a viscous grip of oak show its youth and quiet, brooding power."	Nobles Vineyard	91	60	California	Fort Ross-Seaview	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Davies 2014 Nobles Vineyard Pinot Noir (Fort Ross-Seaview)	Pinot Noir	Davies
US	"This Dundee Hills vineyard makes a cellar-worthy style of Pinot Noir. It takes some breathing time to get past a rather thin start. But it blossoms into a wine that is both deep and tightly wound, tannic and concentrated, with raspberry and cherry fruit accented with coconut. The finish is long and textural."	Sims Vineyard	91	52	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rex Hill 2011 Sims Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Rex Hill
US	"Raspberry jam, red currant and liqueur flavors mark this strong Pinot Noir. It's all about fruit and oak, with little subtlety, and the hard tannins will never go away."	Estate Reserve Principal's Choice	83	39	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Burrell School Vineyards 2009 Estate Reserve Principal's Choice Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Burrell School Vineyards
US	"Off-dry to sweet in style, this has lime, mango and honey flavors that are balanced by crisp acidity."	Antidote	85	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Armida 2011 Antidote White (Sonoma County)	White Blend	Armida
New Zealand	"From a relatively young vineyard (planted in 2000), this is a nicely complex effort, showing hints of rose pollen, cherries and herbal tea. It's round in the mouth, yet virtually weightless, showing off a wonderfully silky texture that persists through the finish. Without any real track record, opt for drinking this one on the young side (now–2012)."	Cornish Point	91	60	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Felton Road 2007 Cornish Point Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Felton Road
US	"Excellent concentration and depth elevate this young, tight Chardonnay. Flavors of lemon custard and caramel-coated apples abound, making it downright irresistible. 30% was aged in French oak, the rest in stainless."	Shirley Mays	90	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dunham 2012 Shirley Mays Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Dunham
Chile	"Aromas of saline solution and sawdust accent generic citrus and apple aromas. On the palate, this is fresh and citrusy. A blast of sharp lemon, apple and quince flavors come before a lightweight but oaky finish."	Reserva	86	15	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2014 Reserva Chardonnay (Leyda Valley)	Chardonnay	Santa Ema
US	"This wine from a family-owned and -run vineyard in the sweet spot of the appellation is shy at first on the nose, eventually offering fresh lime peel and white rock aromas. It's rather straight ahead on the palate, with lemon juice, nectarine and yellow apple flavors."	Boekenoogen	89	34	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Boekenoogen 2013 Boekenoogen Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Boekenoogen
Italy	"A cheerful super Tuscan blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, this shows a very elegant and sophisticated side. It is modern, plump and extracted, but it also delivers fine aromas of cherry, vanilla, spice and pipe tobacco."	Ser Gioveto	92	50	Tuscany	Toscana				Rocca delle Macìe 2009 Ser Gioveto Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Rocca delle Macìe
Spain	"Dusty, gritty citrus aromas are softened by leesy notes and a vanilla scent. The palate is foamy and short on complexity. Flavors of orange, nectarine and white pepper turn slightly bitter, while citric acidity lends freshness to the finish."	Natura Brut	87	42	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alcardet NV Natura Brut Sparkling (La Mancha)	Sparkling Blend	Alcardet
Chile	"Soft stewy raisiny aromas are not problematic but they do suggest a wine that's a bit overripe, which isn't surprising for 2012—a notoriously hot year. A heavy palate is a touch mushy but also tannic. Candied flavors of cherry and cassis are raisiny, while this is plodding and chocolaty on the finish."	Founder's Selection	89	40	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Echeverria 2012 Founder's Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Echeverria
US	"The Momtazi vineyard supplies these grapes. The wine has a sharp edge to it, a sense of raw wood that pushes against tart, stiff red fruits. Whiffs of smoke and salted chocolate add welcome nuances. The winery's AVA series provides interesting, nicely differentiated wines at somewhat moderate (for Oregon Pinot) prices."	AVA Series	89	50	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Willamette Valley Vineyards 2012 AVA Series Pinot Noir (McMinnville)	Pinot Noir	Willamette Valley Vineyards
Chile	"This opaque Merlot is charred to the max, with burnt coffee, grilled beef and campfire aromas. The palate is wiry but mostly good in feel, while mossy, herbal-leaning flavors of toast, blackberry and black pepper finish with coffee and herbal notes."	Reserva	85	11	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casas Patronales 2010 Reserva Merlot (Maule Valley)	Merlot	Viña Casas Patronales
Italy	"A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah, this vibrant wine conveys aromas of black currant, red berry and cooking spice. The savory palate offers black cherry and ground pepper alongside relaxed tannins. Drink through 2016."	Borgeri	88	28	Tuscany	Bolgheri		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Giorgio Meletti Cavallari 2013 Borgeri  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Giorgio Meletti Cavallari
US	"Baked blackberries, purple flowers and a touch of leather show on the nose of this hearty bottling. The palate is framed by extremely strong, hard-to-cut tannins, which hold burned flavors of black coffee and charred berries."	Que Sirah Syrah Destiny Vineyards	85	50	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Hunt Cellars 2010 Que Sirah Syrah Destiny Vineyards Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Hunt Cellars
Italy	"Some lovely red wines are coming from the Montecucco wine region (located in coastal Tuscany) and Collemassari leads the pack of this new and exciting group of vintners. Soft cherry, leather, spice, and earthy mineral tones create harmony and momentum."	Riserva	91	28	Tuscany	Montecucco				Collemassari 2007 Riserva  (Montecucco)	Red Blend	Collemassari
US	Whiffs of spice and dark toast lend warmth to ripe black cherry aromas on this Syrah-Viognier blend. The palate is brisk with tart cassis and plum flavors wrapped up tightly within layers of mouthfilling tannins.		87	24	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Martha Clara 2010 Syrah (North Fork of Long Island)	Syrah	Martha Clara
Italy	"A blend of 80% Grillo and 20% Viognier, this conveys heady aromas of fragrant white flowers, exotic fruit and apricot. The palate delivers rich yellow peach, mango and citrus with a hint of sweet vanilla."	Dalila	87	14	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Stemmari 2012 Dalila White (Terre Siciliane)	White Blend	Stemmari
France	"A fruity and juicy wine, it also has a stalky, herbal element. That gives a fresh character to the wine while also showing lightness. The black currant fruits are strong and forward, with a hint of maturity that suggests this is for medium-term aging."		87	45	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château les Anguilleys 2011  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château les Anguilleys
France	"Unusual rose petal perfume hovers above the apple-scented nose. The palate is dry but textured and open, broad but fluid and poised. There is a seam of taut, bright and pure lemon acidity that frames everything neatly and which makes this totally appetizing and moreish in all its fruitfulness."	Schlossberg Grand Cru	92	24	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Joseph Fritsch 2014 Schlossberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Joseph Fritsch
US	"Masses of cherries and raspberries in this single-vineyard wine, and also lots of acidity. It cuts across the palate like a squeeze of lime juice, tart and mouthwatering. Oak shows up in this equation as sweet buttered toast. Altogether, it's a complex, elegant, delicious wine that will develop bottle bouquet over the next 10 years."	Hallberg Vineyard	93	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Gary Farrell 2011 Hallberg Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Gary Farrell
US	"In many ways, this is a fascinating sip, but the components are a bit confusing altogether. Aromas of minty berries, tobacco, rustic leather and a very strong camphor scent introduce the nose, and then a lively, quite foamy acidity consumes the palate, where flavors of sweet berries are cut by garden herbs and pepper. It's a little too overpowering."	Old Vine	86	29	California	Cucamonga Valley	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joseph Filippi 2009 Old Vine Zinfandel (Cucamonga Valley)	Zinfandel	Joseph Filippi
US	"It's rare to get a twenty buck Pinot Noir this good. The wine is dry, silky and elegant, almost faultless in its precision. With savory cherry, red licorice, cola and sandalwood flavors, it's not an ager, but a very pretty wine for drinking now."	Olema	90	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Amici 2012 Olema Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Amici
US	"This Merlot is very tannic now, which makes it hard to drink. There are considerable cherry, berry, currant, mineral and herb flavors, but they're buried under a ton of astringency. You're best off giving the wine a good four years in the cellar to let it age it a bit."	Estate	88	52	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Bravante 2007 Estate Merlot (Howell Mountain)	Merlot	Bravante
Chile	"Rubbery and gassy at first, with a ton of barrel power that pushes charred aromas onto the nose. Feels correct and well-balanced, with honest Pinot flavors of red fruits, herbs and baked earth. Tastes and feels harmonious."	Wild Ferment	89	28	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2010 Wild Ferment Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Errazuriz
Spain	"No two ways about it, there's a lot of barbecued character to this Tempranillo-led blend. The palate draws down due to tannic clamp, but the wine's plum and berry flavors are not tamped down as vanilla and savory notes bring it full circle. Drink now through 2017."	Julian Madrid Reserva	89	40	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa Primicia 2007 Julian Madrid Reserva  (Rioja)	Red Blend	Casa Primicia
Italy	"Here's a look at an older vintage of Casalferro (Sangiovese and Merlot) that showcases the aging potential of this super Tuscan blend. Ripe fruit and spice is backed by ethereal tones of cola, licorice, herbs and resin. The mouthfeel is characterized by dusty tannins and a crisp close."	Casalferro	91	50	Tuscany	Toscana				Barone Ricasoli 2001 Casalferro Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Barone Ricasoli
Spain	"Dusty peach, nectarine and chewing gum aromas are clean and standard. A lively palate shows bright but controlled acidity and citrusy notes. Stone-fruit and red-plum flavors finish mild. Drink this year."		86	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	El Coto 2014 Rosé (Rioja)	Rosé	El Coto
US	"There's tremendous tension on the nose of this wine, with the slightest hints of yogurt and crushed ant mixing with a pink limeade aroma. The palate is extremely energized, with lime chiffon and tangerine-skin flavors proving simultaneously rich and zesty. It's superb now but has the bones for extended aging."	Langley Hill Vineyard Estate Grown	95	60	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Thomas Fogarty 2012 Langley Hill Vineyard Estate Grown Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Thomas Fogarty
US	"The quality at this winery seems to have slipped down a few gears in 2012. This earthy, funky effort has a whiff of the barnyard about it, and a touch of volatility also."		83	17	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Château Bianca 2012 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Château Bianca
US	"It's all there with this rich Merlot. Fabulously lush in currants, mocha and cedar, it also displays great balance and charm. The tannins are superfine. Drink this beauty now through 2010."	Highland Estates Taylor Peak	92	50	California	Bennett Valley	Sonoma			Kendall-Jackson 2006 Highland Estates Taylor Peak Merlot (Bennett Valley)	Merlot	Kendall-Jackson
Austria	"Wieninger's blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot is a finely structured wine. It has black currant flavor, firm tannins, and a dark core of dryness. Wood aging has lifted the fruits and acidity and added a sense of elegance. It's for aging over 4–6 years. Screwcap."	Wiener Trilogy	90	30	Vienna			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wieninger 2010 Wiener Trilogy Red (Vienna)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Wieninger
France	"This wine has fruit but it is overwhelmed by the darkly tannic structure. It is concentrated and dense, with signs of extraction giving a hard edge. The Aubert family has been on the Bordeaux Right Bank for two centuries and currently owns six estates. Consulting oenologist is Michel Rolland."		84	12	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lagrave Aubert 2012  Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lagrave Aubert
Italy	"Cignale, or wild boar is one of Tuscany's best expressions of Cabernet Sauvignon. A small percentage of   Merlot is added for softness and flavor and the wine oozes darkness, blackberry and exotic spice at its core. Pair it with game meat or spicy pork sausage."	Cignale	93	83	Tuscany	Colli della Toscana Centrale				Cignale 2005 Cignale Cabernet Sauvignon (Colli della Toscana Centrale)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cignale
Italy	"Aromas of pressed rose, toast, menthol and a whiff of cellar floor emerge after a few minutes in the glass. The palate shows dried cherry, coffee, vanilla and a hint of mocha alongside bracing tannins that leave an astringent finish."	Barolo del Comune di Barolo	89	55	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Virna Borgogno 2012 Barolo del Comune di Barolo  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Virna Borgogno
Argentina	"Starts out short and dry on the nose, with little fruit character. The palate is also on the hard and lean side, with tart strawberry and raspberry flavors. Short but mild on the finish; fades away fast."	Saurus Patagonia Select	83	20	Other	Neuquén		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Familia Schroeder 2007 Saurus Patagonia Select Merlot (Neuquén)	Merlot	Familia Schroeder
US	"This is a memorably refreshing and reasonably complex effort, a crisp, delicious mix of tangerine, grapefruit and fresh strawberry made by the saignée method. Meaty, with texture, it's round, balanced and dry. Stock up."	Rosé of	91	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Martin Ray 2015 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Martin Ray
France	"This wine is soft and creamy, although it does seem to miss out on fruit and freshness. It is smooth and ripe, with an aftertaste that is lightly off dry."	Brut Etoile Rosé	84	12	France Other	Vin Mousseux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Monmousseau NV Brut Etoile Rosé Sparkling (Vin Mousseux)	Sparkling Blend	Monmousseau
Portugal	"There is a rich blend of Aragonez, Touriga Nacional, Trincadeira and Syrah in this full, ripe, black-fruit tinged wine. It is already open and generous, with wood spice tones and a smooth texture. Drink now through 2018."	Mariana Tinto	90	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade do Rocim 2012 Mariana Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade do Rocim
US	"This wine is slightly austere at the start, despite its fuller body and style. Leathery and dusty in tannin, the black and blue fruit remain elusive, teasing in between bouts of coffee and chocolate."		86	17	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chelsea Goldschmidt 2013 Merlot (Dry Creek Valley)	Merlot	Chelsea Goldschmidt
France	"There is great texture in this wine. It is structured, tannic with a strong pepper bite balanced by acidity. Citrus fruit shows through with fresh acidity and a tangy aftertaste."	Le Château	89	25	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Thuerry 2014 Le Château Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Thuerry
US	"Morgan's Hat Trick Chardonnay, from his own vineyard, was a hit right out of the block. Now, so is his Pinot Noir. It's elaborately flavored, a fairly soft, full-bodied wine that's stuffed with pastry-filling cherries, blackberries, currants and raspberries, with exotic additions of kumquats, cola, red licorice and vanilla. This extraordinarily complex wine should change in interesting ways over at least the next six years."	Hat Trick Double L Vineyard	94	85	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Morgan 2006 Hat Trick Double L Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Morgan
France	"This ripe, pineapple- and peach-flavored wine has a soft texture, hints of vanilla and light acidity. It is rounded, full in the mouth and with a light textured aftertaste. Drink now."	Homage to Heritage	85	14	Burgundy	Mâcon-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Trenel Fils 2014 Homage to Heritage  (Mâcon-Villages)	Chardonnay	Trenel Fils
US	"Lush aromas of dried rose petals, black currant jam, turned loam and fudge greet the nose on this blend of 63% Merlot, 24% Cabernet Franc, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, 2% Malbec and 1% Petit Verdot. A wide array of flavors hits the palate, from pencil lead, thyme, tomato leaf and black pepper to boysenberry, shaved dark chocolate, vanilla bean and cooked black cherries."	BoRific	92	48	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Jamie Slone Wines 2012 BoRific Red (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Jamie Slone Wines
South Africa	"This Pinotage-based blend, with 29% Cabernet Sauvignon and 8% Merlot, opens with intense aromas of boysenberry, blackberry and plum that are hit with earthy accents of tree bark, balsamic herbs and cigar. The fruity concentration continues through to the rich, plush palate, framed by bold tannins that lend overall balance and structure. Final notes of cocoa nib, toasted spice and charred earth grace the long finish."	Frans Malan Cape Blend	91	38	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Simonsig 2014 Frans Malan Cape Blend Red (Stellenbosch)	Red Blend	Simonsig
France	"This second wine of Château Durfort-Vivens is ripe, firm and well structured. Beautiful ripe black currant and berry fruits are cut with intense acidity. From the great 2010 vintage, it is solid, dense and full of fruitiness as well as tannins. It still does need to age, so drink from 2017."	Vivens	92	40	Bordeaux	Margaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Durfort-Vivens 2010 Vivens  (Margaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Durfort-Vivens
France	"Soft and attractively spicy, this has flavors of fresh apple, exotic mango and kiwi. Along with this fruitiness is a perfumed character that rounds out the finish. Screwcap."	Réserve	88	24	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Gustave Lorentz 2010 Réserve Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Gustave Lorentz
US	"Wood smoke and grilled meat aromas are prominent in this full-bodied, oaky wine. It doesn't have much varietal character but is savory, smoky and moderately tannic to sip."		84	20	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cherry Tart 2014 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Cherry Tart
France	"A funky earthy touch hovers on the nose before hints of nettle and lemon balm add an aromatic edge to lemon freshness. On the exquisitely dry palate, it is the vivid, bright and intense lemon freshness that takes over, but those earthier notes still flash up around the edges, adding interest and depth. They will unfurl more as time passes. While this is linear, incisive and precise now, it will truly shine with bottle age. Drink 2017–2037."	Kastelberg Grand Cru	95	45	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Marc Kreydenweiss 2014 Kastelberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Marc Kreydenweiss
US	"Welcoming but brisk peach aromas meet with some lemon peel sharpness on the nose of this blend of grapes from the Santa Lucia Highlands and Arroyo Seco. It's quite juicy on the palate, with apple blossoms, nectarines and pungently fragrant white flowers. Good acidity that keeps the mouth singing for a while."		88	25	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joullian 2013 Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	Joullian
US	"There is nothing shy about this wine, but the ripeness and high alcohol are beautifully handled. It remains precise and focused, with deep black-cherry, cola and coffee flavors. The tannins are fine grained, and the acids are sufficient enough to give it a frame and the prospect of aging for up to a decade."	Doctrina Perpetua	94	60	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rasa 2009 Doctrina Perpetua Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Rasa
US	"The vintage was a good one for Bella's Zinfandels, and this one, which contains a splash of Petite Sirah and Carignane, is their best. It is quintessential Sonoma County Zin, dry, yet rich and heady, and floods the mouth with ripe raspberries, cherries, red licorice and exotic spices. Production was only 300 cases."	Rocky Ridge Vineyard	93	45	California	Rockpile	Sonoma			Bella 2010 Rocky Ridge Vineyard Zinfandel (Rockpile)	Zinfandel	Bella
US	"Slightly browned apples, crisp nectarine and salted white peach aromas show on the nose of this easy-to-like bottling from the Wagner family. Apple, peach and guava flavors arise on the palate, where they're lightly spiced with clove and nutmeg. A very approachable wine."		88	17	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Old Cannery Row 2015 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Old Cannery Row
France	"Produced at Château Haut-Bailly, this concentrated red show the attractive fruit of 2011. It's tannins are relatively gentle, a fine counter-point to the red berry and currant fruits. It's a wine for medium-term aging over the next 4–6 years."		89	100	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château le Pape 2011  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château le Pape
US	"Lightish in color, it opens with earthy, tobacco aromas, a hint of mint and, if you really concentrate, blackberries. It's very limpid in the mouth, light as a feather, but the fruit is great. The concentrated blackberry taste is dry and flavorful, with wonderful acids. This is a very individualistic wine, and fun to drink."		87	17	California	California	California Other			Holly's Hill 1999 Sangiovese (California)	Sangiovese	Holly's Hill
US	"This blend of 40% Mourvèdre, 25% Grenache, 23% Syrah, 9% Cinsault and 3% Counoise offers boysenberry, hot bricks and condensed violets on the nose. The palate is quite pleasant with olallieberry jam flavors alongside sanguine elements and dark slate on the edges, altogether quite light and easy to drink."	Version	90	36	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Adelaida 2012 Version Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Adelaida
US	"Young and lightly spicy, this brings crisp flavors of Asian pear to the forefront. It's a straightforward wine, with just a dash of white pepper adding an interesting flavor note."		86	13	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kudos 2014 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Kudos
US	"Tastes direct and jammy, with pie-filling flavors of raspberries, cherries, red currants and cola."	Catfish Vineyard	84	21	California	Lake County				Steele 2005 Catfish Vineyard Zinfandel (Lake County)	Zinfandel	Steele
Argentina	"Aromas of powdered bubble gum, plum and chlorine aren't great, nor is the clamping, gritty feeling palate. With flavors of tart citrus and not much more, this is a limited but decent South American rosé."	Premium Rosé of	84	17	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Piattelli 2014 Premium Rosé of Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Piattelli
Slovenia	"Ripe and rich in texture, this powerful Slovenian Cabernet balances a bold black-cherry flavor with loads of savory dried herb, graphite and reverberating acidity. There's a nervous quality about this wine that could smooth out with a good decant, or a few more years in a cellar."		89	38	Brda			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Movia 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Brda)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Movia
US	"Marred by aggressively hard tannins and acids, this Syrah's berry-cherry flavors finish thin and bitter, with a green edge. The chilly vintage took its toll. Drink up."		83	39	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Kasuari 2010 Syrah (Napa Valley)	Syrah	Kasuari
US	"This value-oriented release spent time in one-fifth new oak, and it shows nicely in the nose and the flavor. Ample red fruits are coated with sweet toast and a touch of ginger cookie. The wine has excellent length and polish, especially at this price point."	Elkton Cuvée	88	20	Oregon	Elkton Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	River's Edge 2014 Elkton Cuvée Pinot Noir (Elkton Oregon)	Pinot Noir	River's Edge
Italy	"Soft and plush, this blend of Montepulciano (80%) and Aglianico has beautiful intensity to its long-lasting aromas of blackberry, maraschino, chocolate, exotic spice and leather. There's a bright touch of mint and licorice on the finish."	Ramitello	91	18	Southern Italy	Biferno Rosso				Di Majo Norante 2010 Ramitello  (Biferno Rosso)	Red Blend	Di Majo Norante
US	"This blends 53% Cabernet Sauvignon with 29% Merlot, 13% Petit Verdot and 5% Cabernet Franc from the producer's estate in the heart of the appellation. Together, they form a spicy, pleasing palate that's velvety smooth, soft and rounded, the richness relatively tame. Underlying currant, mocha and oak notes contribute additional complexity."	Elevage Estate Grown	91	110	California	Stags Leap District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chimney Rock 2014 Elevage Estate Grown Red (Stags Leap District)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Chimney Rock
France	"Dry and structured, this dense wine has some austerity that comes from the dry tannins and extracted, bitter flavors. The aftertaste shows more of the tannins and dryness. Drink from 2020."		88	45	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Louvière 2012  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Louvière
US	"This robust red shows plenty of ripe berry flavors, firm texture and full body. It has a gripping mouthfeel and persistent raspberry and cranberry flavors that make the mouth water."		89	25	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Fenestra 2011 Tempranillo (Livermore Valley)	Tempranillo	Fenestra
Spain	"This has already past its sell-by date. The color is tan and maderized, while the nose is soft and mushy, with raisiny aromas. Like the nose, this is flabby and past its prime in the mouth, with a bland, bitter finish."	Viña Rubican	80	10	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Corellanas 2011 Viña Rubican Rosé (Navarra)	Rosé	Bodegas Corellanas
Chile	"Roasted red berry and tangy woodsy notes on both the nose and on the palate. Finishes with more oak, plus a tart metallic-herbal note that is softened by chalky tannins."		84	8	Central Valley					Caliterra 2000 Syrah (Central Valley)	Syrah	Caliterra
France	"From one of the highest of the Mercurey premier crus, this wine has a crisp edge to its otherwise ripe red fruits. It has a fine line of wood as well as the juicy fruitiness and acidity. The wine is already balanced, likely to develop easily and quickly. Drink this from 2019."	Les Puillets Premier Cru	91	45	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Santenay 2015 Les Puillets Premier Cru  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Château de Santenay
France	"Seductively rich notes of peach and yellow plum entice the nose. They also bathe the palate in a very luscious light, counteracted by fresh mousse and balancing, taut freshness. This is a lovely synthesis of rich fruit and dry restraint, fizzing away with pleasure. The finish is long, dry and lemony."	Brut	90	20	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Fernand Engel NV Brut Chardonnay (Alsace)	Chardonnay	Domaine Fernand Engel
US	"All stainless, no malolactic and widely available distribution make this a pure-blooded warm weather go-to white wine. It's young and still a bit yeasty, aromatic with scents of seeds and grains. Tightly wound fruit flavors of apple and green melon come with good depth and texture."	Estate Grown	89	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	WillaKenzie Estate 2016 Estate Grown Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	WillaKenzie Estate
France	"This soft wine is full of yellow fruits and spiced lemon, with a light, tangy texture. It's rich while having a crisper side. Drink in fall 2016."	Tradition	85	25	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Emile Beyer 2013 Tradition Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Emile Beyer
US	"Made in a lighter, slightly more rustic and less ripe manner, with herb-infused black currant and licorice flavors. A vigorous young 100% Cab elaborated with plenty of new oak. Drink now through 2013."	Estate Bottled	89	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Casa Nuestra 2005 Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Casa Nuestra
US	"This red sources from across three appellations and four varieties, all aged in a mix of French and American oak for one year. That oak imparts a smoky element around thick, concentrated baked fruit and big, lasting tannin weight, showing plenty of leathery tobacco."		85	22	California	Napa County-Sonoma County-Lake County	North Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Aquinas 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa County-Sonoma County-Lake County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Aquinas
US	"An abundance of leather and smoke mark this blend of Malbec, Merlot and Syrah. That makes for a big red that's chewy in tannins at first, but settles into a smooth, supple texture as it finishes, a taste of brick and blueberry at its core."	Richard Dinner Vineyards	88	38	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rocky Hill 2010 Richard Dinner Vineyards Red (Sonoma Mountain)	Red Blend	Rocky Hill
US	"This wine is 42% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot, 17% Cabernet Franc, 8% Malbec and 3% Petit Verdot. Aromas of herbs, coffee, barrel spice and cherry are followed by tightly wound tannins and fruit flavors. Give it time to open up."	Frederick	90	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Spring Valley Vineyard 2012 Frederick Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Spring Valley Vineyard
Spain	"Earthy berry and leather aromas are fairly quiet. A more lively palate offers good weight and overall composition, while plum, raspberry and spice flavors finish with sweeter notes of raisin and baked berry."	Pagos de Tahola Crianza	88	18	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Larchago 2012 Pagos de Tahola Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Larchago
US	"Aromas of green pepper, cigar box and dried herbs mix with red and blue berries. Flavors are sweet and lighter in style with the concentration waning toward the finish."	The Expedition	84	15	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Canoe Ridge 2013 The Expedition Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Canoe Ridge
US	"This wine provides plenty of aromatic intrigue, with notes of wet stone, black pepper and umami. The savory and citrus flavors are quite restrained, showing a lot of elegance."		89	30	Idaho			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Telaya 2014 Syrah	Syrah	Telaya
Italy	"This offers aromas of bell pepper and raisin, with a whiff of toast. The warm, round palate shows ripe black-fruit flavors, layered with red-bell-pepper and coffee accents. You'll also notice an alcoholic warmth to the close."		87	25	Veneto	Valpolicella Ripasso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Corte San Benedetto 2010  Valpolicella Ripasso	Red Blend	Corte San Benedetto
Chile	"Hails from Macul, so it exhibits some normal eucalyptus on the nose along with spice and pointed, slightly piercing berry aromas. The palate is chewy, sweet, modern and ripe, with chunky berry, herb, olive and particularly graphite flavors. Settles on big black fruit and depth. Outstanding Chilean Cabernet with individuality. Best from 2013-2016."		92	60	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domus Aurea 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Domus Aurea
Chile	"Opens with mild green, minty aromas that suggest tobacco, Middle Eastern spice and basic black fruit. The palate seizes control with grabby tannins and monolithic but unwavering grape and black-fruit flavors. Hard and tannic especially on the finish, with lingering lemony oak. A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère, Monastrell and Tempranillo."	Conde de Superunda	88	54	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Miguel Torres 2005 Conde de Superunda Red (Central Valley)	Red Blend	Miguel Torres
US	"Couldn't get any riper, with an explosion of blackberries, cherries, currants, plums, and cola, not to mention plenty of toasty, caramelized oak. Trades complexity and subtlety for sheer power. It's mostly Merlot, with a splash of Syrah, Petit Verdot and Cabernet Franc."	The Puzzle	88	80	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Newton 2008 The Puzzle Red (Spring Mountain District)	Red Blend	Newton
Germany	"Typical of Egon Müller's wines, this is light in body, but titanium-strong in structure, welding rather tart, lemony fruit to stony, minerally notes and embellishing it all with the merest hints of riper, apple-y fruit. It's just off-dry, with great persistence and lipsmacking appeal."	Scharzhof	89	23	Mosel-Saar-Ruwer			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Egon Müller 2006 Scharzhof Riesling (Mosel-Saar-Ruwer)	Riesling	Egon Müller
Italy	"Aromas of espresso, mocha and black-skinned fruit lead the nose. The robust, one-dimensional palate offers black cherry, mint and licorice alongside close-grained tannins and fresh acidity."	Bellarina	87	30	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenute Niccolai 2013 Bellarina  (Rosso di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Tenute Niccolai
US	"Made with 54% Merlot and 46% Cabernet Franc, it spent 23 months in one-third new French oak. The overall structure is impressive, with firm acidity and streaks of iron and mineral around tight, taut black fruit. It will get even better with ample breathing time and/or further cellaring."	Archimage	91	52	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sleight of Hand 2011 Archimage Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Sleight of Hand
France	"This firmly structured, dense wine is packed with dark plum and fig fruits, laced with chocolate and tannins. It's a solid, foursquare style of wine, with acidity and fruit forming a fine partnership. Like many wines from this year, it is likely to mature quickly, so drink from 2016."	Les Charbonnières	90	65	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Claude Boisset 2011 Les Charbonnières  (Nuits-St.-Georges)	Pinot Noir	Jean-Claude Boisset
Argentina	"Wiry, slightly grassy aromas of raspberry and plum come with a touch of oaky vanilla. This Malbec feels downright hard and choppy due to tough gritty tannins. Plum and berry flavors come in blips rather than a harmonious whole, and this tastes of lactic oak and rubber on the finish."	Padres Dedicados	87	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gimenez Riili 2013 Padres Dedicados Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Gimenez Riili
Italy	"Toast, roasted coffee bean and anisette aromas lift from the glass. The tense palate offers dried cherry, toasted oak, star anise and a hint of white pepper alongside bracing tannins."		88	50	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ceretto 2012  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Ceretto
Argentina	"Roasted, savory, earthy berry ?aromas come with a spot of leafy green on this Malbec. The palate is saturated and a touch narrow in feel, while flavors of black cherry, cassis, baked blackberry and cured meat finish with creamy oak notes and a strong hint of bacon. Drink through 2018."	Leo Premium	90	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2011 Leo Premium Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Valentin Bianchi
US	"Somewhat reduced on the nose, this 100% varietal and estate-grown wine is soft and supple with a tannic backbone, brooding in dark plum and spicy leather."	Estate	88	45	California	Calistoga	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Madrigal 2012 Estate Tempranillo (Calistoga)	Tempranillo	Madrigal
France	"This is an opulent ripe wine, named after the four churches in the local village. Full of blackberry flavors that cushion the firm tannins, the wine is generous and finishes with youthful acidity. Structured and dense, the wine will still age well. Drink this fine wine from 2018."	Les Quatre Eglises	90	17	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bovila 2012 Les Quatre Eglises Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Bovila
France	"This ripe wine is dense with firm tannins and bright with red-berry fruits. Dominated by 60% rich Merlot, it is structured while never losing sight of its fruit and spice. The wine is still developing, so don't drink before 2018."	Elegance	91	30	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut Bertinerie 2014 Elegance  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut Bertinerie
US	"Made from Cabernet Sauvignon, Sangiovese, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot, it's a little high in alcohol and astringently tannic, but it has deep flavors of red- and black-fruit liqueurs and new oak. It's a heady wine that would pair well with robust fare."	Meritaggio	89	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			David Arthur 2009 Meritaggio Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	David Arthur
France	"A terrific effort, the 2010 Terre Ferme is a full-bodied, velvety-textured wine with a long, multidimensional finish. It's pungent and savory upfront in its aromas of clove and allspice, but raspberry undertones add another layer of interest and those grace notes are all underscored by the powerful bass duo of black olive and espresso. Drink now–2025."	Domaine de Terre Ferme	93	100	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Paul Jaboulet Aîné 2010 Domaine de Terre Ferme Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Paul Jaboulet Aîné
US	"This is quite light, almost ephemeral, with tart raspberry and red licorice flavors and a strong metallic/mineral streak. It is delicately made, and interesting, but comparable to a simple Bourgogne rather than a wine priced at this level."	Momtazi Vineyard	86	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Boedecker Cellars 2005 Momtazi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Boedecker Cellars
US	"Pear and nectarine flesh are cut by a quince, Gala apple and slightest touches of guava and mango on the chalky nose of this wine. It's refreshingly light on the palate, with sliced pear and squeezed lime notes, bound by a very grippy texture."	McGinley Vineyard Homage Collection	89	22	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2014 McGinley Vineyard Homage Collection Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Zaca Mesa
US	"Full bodied and completely mature, this is saturated with ripe flavors. It has enough firm tannin for a gripping texture and brings a sense of completeness for something this bold. It tastes like sweet blackberries and boysenberries, yet is dry."	Reserve Goltz Vineyard	86	25	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Charles B. Mitchell 2013 Reserve Goltz Vineyard Zinfandel (El Dorado)	Zinfandel	Charles B. Mitchell
US	"In a vintage that produced the finest overall lineup of Cayuse wines to date, it may seem a little nit-picky to score some higher and some lower. But the En Chamberlin deserves first place again. Brilliant aromatics of smoked meat, bacon fat and otherworldly roasted accents seduce instantly. Once on the palate, the silky, balanced, near-perfect mix of umami and fruit, plus licorice, cassis, coffee liqueur and black tea notes suggest it's as decadent as it is delicious."	En Chamberlin Vineyard	99	75	Oregon	Walla Walla Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cayuse 2009 En Chamberlin Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (OR))	Syrah	Cayuse
US	"Rich but not overly dense, this 100% varietal wine from a vineyard known also for Zinfandel and Cabernet Sauvignon is wickedly generous in chocolate mocha, full bodied yet balanced. It finishes in a flurry of black pepper and leather."		88	65	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lampyridae 2012 Syrah (Mount Veeder)	Syrah	Lampyridae
Argentina	"Sort of sweet and gaseous to start, with rubbery, medicinal aromas. The palate is tight and closed, with warm, crusty dark-fruit flavors, an herbal influence and heat. Thus the finish is a little fiery and peppery, and there's chop and bite to the overall feel. A kitchen-sink blend of Malbec, Bonarda and Syrah."	Cocina Blend	85	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	La Posta 2007 Cocina Blend Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	La Posta
US	"Smooth, soft and plummy, this wine slips in on cat's feet and spreads gracefully across the palate. A sexy mix of blue and purple fruits, cocoa, coffee, red licorice and sandalwood."	Lachini Vineyard	91	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ross Andrew 2009 Lachini Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ross Andrew
US	"As always, a stylish and well-proportioned effort from winemaker Joy Anderson. Blackberry and smoke wrap into a mid-palate with good focus and grip. Despite its modest price, this wine can go one-on-one with a thick, juicy steak. Tannins are just rough enough to give it some welcome muscle."	Reserve	89	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Snoqualmie 2008 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Snoqualmie
US	"Extraordinarily concentrated in blackberries, blueberries and black currants. So strongly sweet in fruit and oak, it's almost undrinkable now, tasting like a melted dessert tart. Yet the minerality, tannins and overall structural integrity strongly suggest ageability. Cellar this young wine until at least 2014."	VGS	92	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Château Potelle 2007 VGS Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Château Potelle
Portugal	"In 1997, restoration architect José Perdigão used his skills to turn a 17-acre bench of unmerciful land above the Dão river near Viseu into a garden of organic native vines. The 2006 now reflects maturity. It is packed with secondary flavors, ripe acidity, and toast and mushrooms from a blend dominated by Touriga Nacional. It is, luckily, very ready to drink."	Reserva	92	40	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Perdigão 2006 Reserva Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Perdigão
US	"Pristine grapefruit and gooseberry notes are offset by persistent layers of smoke, dusty mineral and earth in this Sauvignon Blanc. Full bodied on the palate yet vibrantly citrusy, it finishes brisk yet clean. Drink now through 2019."		87	28	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		One Woman 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (North Fork of Long Island)	Sauvignon Blanc	One Woman
France	"The wine develops slowly in the glass, closed at first and then bringing on ripe fruits and firm tannins. There is a definite dryness here, solid, textured and darkly structured. It is meant for aging, so don't drink before 2016."	Cuvée Prestige	90	13	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tour Saint-Germain 2010 Cuvée Prestige  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tour Saint-Germain
US	"While not as blossomy in perfume as previous vintages, there's plenty of fresh watermelon and sour-cherry refreshment here. Exceptionally light bodied and dry, it's an invigoratingly crisp summer sip. The finish is brisk but crystalline and mineral."	Bridge Lane	88	18	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Lieb 2016 Bridge Lane Rosé (North Fork of Long Island)	Rosé	Lieb
US	"The 30-year-old vines at Canary Hill seem to have ripened well at lower brix, yielding a full-flavored, forward wine with lovely plum and cherry fruit. There also are pleasing details of leaf and cured meat, in a wine that keeps on giving the more you look."	Canary Hill Vineyard	94	65	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2012 Canary Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
US	"This pleasing effort is light but interesting. It first introduces flavors of strawberry and rhubarb, with a dash of pepper. A whiff of root vegetables does not interfere with the overall enjoyment, and a lick of chocolate lifts the finish."	Jill's 115	88	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lenné Estate 2010 Jill's 115 Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Lenné Estate
US	"Testarossa reserves their most expensive wines to a best-barrels blend that usually bears a statewide appellation, a practice that is rare if not unique among California wineries. The '07 Niclaire is vast in currants, rhubarbs, cola and cedar, with sizable but finely meshed tannins, and the tart acidity that marks all of the winery's 2007 Pinot Noirs. It's drinkable now, but just barely, so decant. But will benefit from up to six years in the cellar."	Niclaire	94	75	California	California	California Other			Testarossa 2007 Niclaire Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
US	"All the parts are here to make this Pinot a lovely companion to appropriate beef, pork and game dishes, especially if wild mushrooms are involved. The wine is utterly dry and bright in acidity, and the tannins are fairly thick for a Pinot Noir. The black cherry, pomegranate, leather, black pepper and sandalwood flavors are appealing now, but the wine should develop bottle complexity until 2020."	Slice of Heaven	91	60	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Babcock 2012 Slice of Heaven Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Babcock
US	"Plum, black cherry and mocha cflavors ombine in this smooth, well-integrated wine. It must have seen some time in new oak, and the pretty baking spice accents add length and pleasure to the finish."		90	35	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dois Irmãos 2015 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dois Irmãos
US	"Leafy, brambly notes are prominent against a backdrop of lean red-cherry flavors on this tart, Cabernet Franc-dominant blend. It's a vibrantly acidic but delicately structured wine with soft, rippling tannins on the finish."	Blackbird	85	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Silver Thread 2011 Blackbird Red (Finger Lakes)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Silver Thread
US	"While big and brawny in style, this Pinot still maintains good balance. The aromas resemble toasty, spicy oak, with cranberry and dark cherry notes. The flavors echo the nose and are vivid due to lively acidity and a firm layer of tannins."		88	16	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Replica 2014 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Replica
South Africa	"Nice licorice and black currant scents fill the bouquet, with a touch of mentholy bramble adding some flair. The palate is bright and fruit forward, the dominating dark fruit flavors lifted by peppery spice. Medium weight with soft tannins and a solid finish."		87	17	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Beau Joubert 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stellenbosch)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beau Joubert
Chile	"What a lush and spectacular New World Malbec. Buttery aromas of coconut and black fruits mix with herbs, mineral and char to create a near-perfect bouquet. The palate is saturated and balanced by great natural acidity, which frames the blackberry and herb flavors in excellent light. Meaty, textured, fruity and balanced: What more could you want? Drink now–2010. Imported by Baystate Wine Co."	Viu 1	93	65	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viu Manent 2005 Viu 1 Malbec (Colchagua Valley)	Malbec	Viu Manent
France	"Big, firmly tannic wine, smoky and warm, with great swathes of black currant fruit. It is firmly structured, but it is the rich sweet fruits that are the attraction."		91	35	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Citran 2009  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Citran
US	"With fruit sources split between Wallula and Canyon Vineyard Ranch vineyards, this off-dry (3.6 g/L residual sugar), enjoyable Pinot Gris is medium bodied with notes of lime, pineapple and petroleum jelly."		87	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Blue Pirate 2011 Pinot Gris (Columbia Valley (WA))	Pinot Gris	Blue Pirate
US	"Too much of a good thing is how to characterize this Merlot. It's exceptionally ripe with cherries, red currants and mocha. It's also strong in oak. The result is a soft, syrupy confection."		84	30	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast			Westerly 2010 Merlot (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Merlot	Westerly
US	"A 100% varietal wine from one vineyard, this wine opens in cinnamon stick and blackberry jam, leading the way to chocolatey leather on the palate offset by tingling acidity. Currant, blueberry and cedar also make appearances atop a full-body and lengthy, concentrated finish."	Atlas Peak Vineyard	88	90	California	Atlas Peak	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rombauer 2012 Atlas Peak Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Atlas Peak)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rombauer
Italy	"This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot opens with aromas of cherry liqueur and cassis, followed by accents of leather and toasted nut. The palate is tight and fresh, and it offers touches of citrus and forest fruit."	Casa al Piano	88	18	Tuscany	Bolgheri				Antonino Tringali-Casanuova 2010 Casa al Piano  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Antonino Tringali-Casanuova
US	"Full-bodied in apple and pineapple aromas at first, this Chardonnay with 5% Viognier blended in veers into marshmallow sweetness with a fatty finish."	Hybrid	81	10	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peltier 2012 Hybrid Chardonnay (Lodi)	Chardonnay	Peltier
Italy	"This opens with delicate scents of red berry and fragrant blue flower. The soft, easygoing palate offers juicy wild cherry and a hint of baking spice alongside fresh acidity and round tannins. It's simple but well made."	Turris	86	30	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Luiz Barichello 2013 Turris  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Luiz Barichello
Italy	"This brut has a lovely fragrance of tropical fruit, peach and a whiff of vanilla. The elegantly sparkling palate shows apple, pear and citrus flavors, plus sage and other Mediterranean herbs. Pair this with light first courses and fresh seafood."	Brut	90	31	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Majolini NV Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Majolini
Chile	"Berry, pickle and bramble aromas are a little tough and crusted over, while the palate is snappy and fresh in feel, with flavors of herbal berry fruit and pepper. A mild hint of oak and resin dry up the finish."	Pionero	84	9	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Morandé 2008 Pionero Merlot (Rapel Valley)	Merlot	Morandé
New Zealand	"Shows some wonderful botrytis aromas of dried apricots, but also a disturbing amount of volatile acidity. If you can tolerate notes of shoe polish and nail polish, you may find this rating woefully conservative."	Falcon Vineyard - Botrytised	84	20	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Lake Chalice 2002 Falcon Vineyard - Botrytised Riesling (Marlborough)	Riesling	Lake Chalice
Spain	"With so few Mallorcan wines on the market, Anima Negra operates in a vacuum. Thankfully the winery excels with this red made from the local Callet grape. Dry, light, spicy aromas of sandalwood, tobacco and cherry come in front of a medium-bodied, creamy and oaky palate. Flavors of ripe yet spicy cherry and plum finish with notes of wood smoke and baking spices. Drink this unique wine through 2024."	Àn	92	50	Spanish Islands	Vi de la Terra Mallorca		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ànima Negra 2011 Àn Red (Vi de la Terra Mallorca)	Red Blend	Ànima Negra
France	"An attractively ripe and mature wine with a great balance between the orangy citrus fruits and a tight, taut, mineral texture. The wine is rich in its dosage and fruitiness while showing signs of maturer toast and almond flavors. However, it could still age."	Clos des Bouveries Brut	92	75	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Duval-Leroy 2005 Clos des Bouveries Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Duval-Leroy
US	"Notes of fresh honeysuckle, baking soda and shaved citron mix with tons of slate, gravel and wet rocks on the nose of this great bottling. There's the slightest touch of sweetness to the palate, where waves of vibrant acidity carry forth flavors of orange blossom and mandarin as well as a grapefruit peel twist. It's certainly drinkable now, but will mature and evolve well through 2034."	Riven Rock Vineyard	92	30	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cutruzzola 2014 Riven Rock Vineyard Riesling (San Luis Obispo County)	Riesling	Cutruzzola
US	"Structured despite its impermeable presence of power and alcohol, this wine also sings in crisp red fruit, some of it jammy, but self-possessed. An accompaniment of anise and baked bread play on the sturdy palate."	Puccioni Vineyard	91	30	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Martin Ray 2013 Puccioni Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Martin Ray
Argentina	"This is one dense, saturated blend of Malbec, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot. The nose is all black fruits and prune, while the palate runs deep and dense, but without a lot of finesse. Jammy black-fruit and blueberry flavors are peppery, while the finish is hulking. It shows the heat of its alcohol."	Ameri Single Vineyard	89	35	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaine Jean Bousquet 2011 Ameri Single Vineyard Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Domaine Jean Bousquet
US	"Most Vista Hills Pinots see only neutral oak, as is the case here. The emphasis is on high acid and clean red-fruit flavors. It's simple and fresh, but it seems as if a touch of new oak wouldn't hurt a bit."	Tusculume	87	44	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Vista Hills 2014 Tusculume Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Vista Hills
US	"This comes from a vineyard established in 1971—one of the first in the appellation to contribute a single-vineyard bottling of the variety. It features a treasure trove of rich red cherry, leathery tannin and dry mocha on the palate, emboldened by a twist of cedar and dried herb."	Alexander's Crown	90	75	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rodney Strong 2012 Alexander's Crown Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rodney Strong
France	"With its dusty tannins and bright fruits, this fully represents the vintage. It has a texture that is open, relatively gentle, powered by black currants and very accessible. The acidity gives a light lift at the end."		90	45	Bordeaux	Saint-Julien		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lagrange 2007  Saint-Julien	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lagrange
Italy	"A blend of 90% Sangiovese, 5% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Merlot, this opens with earthy aromas of truffle, scorched earth, violet and a touch of dark spice. The palate offers dried black cherry and ground pepper alongside fine-grained tannins. It also shows the heat of the vintage, so drink soon."	Squarcialupi Riserva	88	39	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Castellina 2011 Squarcialupi Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	La Castellina
France	"A soft style, this is ripe with attractive apple and crisp pear fruits. The wine is refreshing with its acidity lacing through the flinty texture. The wine will be ready to drink from 2018."	Le Clos Chartier	87	25	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jérôme Gueneau 2016 Le Clos Chartier  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Jérôme Gueneau
Argentina	"This is mellow on the nose, with a mix of minerality and standard apple aromas. The palate feels fresh due to cutting acidity, while apple, peach and melon flavors lead to a mild, healthy finish. Frankly, there's not much difference between this and Trivento's basic 2012 Reserva Chardonnay, which costs $10 less."	Golden Reserve	87	21	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trivento 2012 Golden Reserve Chardonnay (Uco Valley)	Chardonnay	Trivento
France	"Ripe and full-bodied, this immense wine has rich layers of tropical fruits. The wine, like so often in Corton-Charlemagne, is a powerful, huge expression of Chardonnay. It does have balance from acidity. Drink from 2018."		93	282	Burgundy	Corton-Charlemagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Faiveley 2011  Corton-Charlemagne	Chardonnay	Domaine Faiveley
France	"A smooth, ripe wine that has rich fruit and balanced wood and fruit tannins. With mint flavors and a generous blackberry flavor, the wine is firm, with fine aging potential. It is a full-bodied wine that will be ready to drink from 2019."		90	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Rousset-Caillau 2012  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Rousset-Caillau
US	"Only the second vintage of this vineyard-designate wine from an estate property, this bottling offers spicy cherry, black tea and dried herb, backed by oaky backbone and structure. Dark chocolate and leather play on the palate in subtle waves, hitting their strides on the finish. Cellar through 2020."	DCV2 Estate Four Clones Vineyard	91	38	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dry Creek Vineyard 2012 DCV2 Estate Four Clones Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Dry Creek Vineyard
Italy	"This ripe, sun-drenched blend of Nero d'Avola, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon delivers generous tones of leather, tobacco, licorice, cassis berry, dried hay and spice. It has thick, dark concentration and a long finish."	Ceuso	90	40	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Ceuso 2004 Ceuso Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Ceuso
Germany	Citrus blossoms are coated in honey and peach nectar in this sunny deeply concentrated Kabinett. It's off-dry in style yet balanced by a luminous streak of tangerine acidity that drives the finish long and dry. It's a bristling revitalizing sip.	Graacher Himmelreich Kabinett	91	23	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler 2014 Graacher Himmelreich Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler
France	Cherry and wild strawberry flavors dominate this fruity wine. It is very fresh with intense acidity and a crisp aftertaste. A few months more in bottle would help it soften.	Brut Rosé	85	14	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Hubert Meyer NV Brut Rosé Pinot Noir (Crémant d'Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Hubert Meyer
US	"This wine comes from older vines at Conner Lee, Dionysus and Elephant Mountain vineyards. Light aromas of herb, dark plum, menthol and licorice lead to quite sweet full-bodied fruit flavors and a warm finish. It delivers a sense of hedonism and unabashed appeal, though the variety doesn't seem entirely clear."	1RDRS4	89	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	J. Bookwalter 2014 1RDRS4 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	J. Bookwalter
US	"Black and white pepper, boysenberries and roasting pork notes show on the fresh and vibrant nose of this blend of the five red Bordeaux varietals. Light and lively on the palate, it offers lots of boysenberry energy, with more pepper, thyme, cardamom and tea elements. It's a refreshing change of pace from a cool vintage."	Marinus	90	65	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Bernardus 2011 Marinus Red (Carmel Valley)	Red Blend	Bernardus
US	"While a touch candied and confected in style, this Cabernet Sauvignon is chock full of ripe, rich black cherry and berry flavors. Plush and juicy, it's best enjoyed in its youth."	Sawmill Creek Vineyards	86	28	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Billsboro 2013 Sawmill Creek Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Billsboro
Chile	"The nose on this three-grape blend of Carmenère, Petit Verdot and Shiraz is a bit funky and herbal, with metallic notes and tomato to go with roast plum and heavy spice. It's lively and shows kick in the mouth, while the flavors are oaky, spicy and end with dry raspberry and oak-based vanilla."	Anke Blend 2 Carménère-Petit Verdot-Shiraz	87	20	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Alicia 2009 Anke Blend 2 Carménère-Petit Verdot-Shiraz Red (Maipo Valley)	Red Blend	Santa Alicia
France	"Now definitely mature, even drying up, this wine needs to be drunk now. It has developed a dry, tannic character, woody and stalky, although its balance is still there and the aftertaste has some juiciness."		84	60	Bordeaux	Canon-Fronsac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Roullet 2007  Canon-Fronsac	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Roullet
Argentina	"Pure, concentrated blackberry and cassis aromas are right on target, as is most of this impressive Malbec that hails from 88-year-old vines. An exuberant palate shows young, bouncy, rubbery tannins, while this tastes complex, with blackberry and plum flavors playing off savory, saucy notes. An everlasting finish says drink all the way through 2027."	Nazarenas Vineyard	94	40	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Melipal 2012 Nazarenas Vineyard Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Melipal
US	"This is a good, rather standard Pinot Noir. It's varietally correct in the dry, silky mouthfeel and flavors of cherries, cola and herbs, tinged with oak. Nothing to get excited about. Drink now."		86	30	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Waxwing 2009 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Waxwing
US	"Peppery lime fruit highlights this single-clone effort. The impressive minerality brings clean flavors of wet rock into play. It's terrifically refreshing, with the crisp acidity to age nicely over the next six to eight years."	Raven	93	28	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Durant 2014 Raven Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Durant
US	"Loaded with scents and flavors of grapefruit, this leesy, textural Pinot Gris is bracing and mouth-filling. It's definitely on the tart side, but could be paired with a wide variety of fish and poultry dishes."		89	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Raptor Ridge 2012 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Raptor Ridge
US	"This mix of mostly Zin with 14% Petite Sirah from a longtime source for this producer shows plenty of minerality around flavors of cinnamon stick, dark cherry and leather. Soft tannins give it approachability and juiciness that are buoyed by length."	Rocky Reserve Florence Vineyard	92	35	California	Rockpile	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Carol Shelton 2013 Rocky Reserve Florence Vineyard Zinfandel (Rockpile)	Zinfandel	Carol Shelton
US	"Dusty cedar and Bourbon-barrel notes dominate fruit on this unusual blend of New York Blaufränkisch and California Valdiguié, Petit Verdot and Syrah grapes. It's a delicate, wispy wine, with faint streaks of crisp red cherry and plum, but it finishes warmly on a vanilla spice note."	Super Hudson	85	19	America			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Cereghino Smith 2012 Super Hudson Red (America)	Red Blend	Cereghino Smith
US	"This wine is made from fruit grown on the well-regarded Hudson Vineyard in Carneros, a sought-after site known for yielding grapes with tropical character. True to form, this offers ripe elements of guava, but also pear, vanilla and salty caramel, with a full-bodied texture."		92	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Davis Estates 2013 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Davis Estates
Italy	"This fascinating blend of Greco, Fiano and Falanghina (the great white grapes of Campania) is aged 8 months in oak to produce a thick, creamy wine, with spicy intensity and a candied fruit note. Notes of honey, butterscotch and apricot all play supporting roles."	Faius	90	20	Southern Italy	Irpinia				I Capitani 2010 Faius White (Irpinia)	White Blend	I Capitani
US	"Ripe bramble, crisp strawberry and cherry perfume this full-bodied moderately concentrated rosé. Dry in style, it's easy drinking with a slightly candied cherry-cough-drop finish."	Merlot Dry	87	14	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bellangelo 2016 Merlot Dry Rosé (Seneca Lake)	Rosé	Bellangelo
Italy	"Enticing Sangiovese aromas of truffle, ripe dark-skinned berry, pressed violet and new leather lead the way on this delicious red. The smooth succulent palate doles out juicy Marasca cherry, crushed raspberry, baking spice and wild herb framed in velvety tannins that envelope the palate while a licorice note wraps around the finish. Drink 2018–2026."	Riserva	95	105	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Collosorbo 2011 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Collosorbo
Chile	"Airy smelling, with citrus and grass aromas brewing underneath. Has a wet, simple, refreshing feel and rather intense flavors of lime, tangerine and other citrus fruits. Cuts a direct path."	Albamar	85	11	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	William Cole 2011 Albamar Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	William Cole
France	"This blend of 60% Syrah, 20% Carignan and 20% Grenache opens with pleasant but soft scents of herbed cherry, plum and violet. The palate is light and easy, with soft tannins and juicy red-fruit flavors that finish clean and bright. Drink now."	Estibals	86	15	Languedoc-Roussillon	Minervois		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	L'Ostal Cazes 2012 Estibals Red (Minervois)	Rhône-style Red Blend	L'Ostal Cazes
France	"Quat' Saisons, meaning four seasons, suggests that this wine isn't just for summer. It is certainly a food wine with its dry, full-bodied character and ripe caramel and red plum flavors. Lively and fresh at the end, it's ready to drink."	Quat' Saisons	90	24	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Mascaronne 2013 Quat' Saisons Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château la Mascaronne
US	"Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon take the lead on this Bordeaux-style blend that brings overt notes of vanilla, coconut and dark fruit, with the barrel notes riding high. It's full bodied and rich with the oak overtaking the varietal flavors but still offering appeal."	Homesteader	88	40	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Henry Earl 2010 Homesteader Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Henry Earl
Italy	"Made with 50% Cabernet Sauvignon and 50% Syrah, this opens with delicate aromas of cassis and sandalwood. The palate delivers dried black cherry, toast, licorice and black pepper alongside gripping tannins."	Ardito	88	54	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Baracchi 2012 Ardito Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Baracchi
Turkey	"Deep ruby to the eye, this blend of Öküzgözü and Bogazkere has a heady aroma of cassis and baking spices. It opens with a volley of acidity backed by solid tannins. Flavors of cherry, cassis, anisette and black pepper with a touch of rose are set in a web of long-lasting tannins. A touch of tartness on the finish keeps the tannins from stealing the entire show."	Selection	90	16	Turkey			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Kavaklidere 2012 Selection Red (Turkey)	Red Blend	Kavaklidere
US	"This wine features noticeable nuttiness—part almond, part hazelnut—before allowing tart citrus and underripe peach to pronounce themselves. A robust wine, it has plenty to say in terms of a lush yet balanced mouthfeel and texture."		87	30	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Uptick Vineyards 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Uptick Vineyards
US	"Like most of Neil Collins' wines, this blend of 63% Grenache, 19% Zinfandel and 18% Petite Sirah draws from the region's intriguing, oldest, dry-farmed vineyards. It shows earthy wet clay, boysenberry and anise notes on the nose, while the palate delivers turned loam, wild thyme, pepper, soy and black plum flavors."	The Will	90	45	California	Paso Robles Willow Creek District	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lone Madrone 2013 The Will Red (Paso Robles Willow Creek District)	Red Blend	Lone Madrone
France	"A firm and tannic wine, with a hard-edge feel to it. The structure is dry and tough, leaving little room for the fruit, even in the future."		83	15	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saint-Urbain 2010  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Saint-Urbain
Italy	"Cherry soda, mint and crushed almond characterize the nose of this luminous rosé made with the hearty Aglianico grape. The wine is creamy and smooth with fresh berry acidity on the close. A Marc de Grazia selection, various American importers."	Albarosa	85	15	Southern Italy	Campania				Cantina del Taburno 2007 Albarosa Rosé (Campania)	Rosé	Cantina del Taburno
Chile	"Oak, peach and nutty aromas ride on the nose. Dense, creamy and reasonably balanced on the palate, this chunky number offers full melon and peach flavors prior to a briny, long finish."	Vitral Reserva	85	13	Chile			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Maipo 2014 Vitral Reserva Chardonnay (Chile)	Chardonnay	Viña Maipo
US	"Lots of deliciousness in this dry, tannic Cabernet. Offers tiers of black currant, dark chocolate, licorice and toasty oak flavors that are smooth and flashy. A little high in alcohol and its future is uncertain, so drink now."		90	80	California	Stags Leap District	Napa			Malk 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Malk
US	"An appealing wine with notes of dark fruit and sweet spices. It's broad in feel with the dry, grippy tannins the only thing holding it back."	Limited Release	88	25	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Northwest Collection 2010 Limited Release Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Northwest Collection
France	"Light and fragrant, this emphasizes crisp apple and grapefruit flavors. It has a light, breezy character. Very ready to drink."		85	20	Burgundy	Petit Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Maligny 2010  Petit Chablis	Chardonnay	Château de Maligny
Chile	"Jammy, earthy and baked on the nose, this ripe Merlot is dishing plenty of black plum and blackberry characteristics from front to back. The palate is concentrated and borderline syrupy in feel, while ripe, baked blackberry flavors come with chocolaty oak and vanilla on the finish."	Nimbus Single Vineyard	89	15	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2012 Nimbus Single Vineyard Merlot (Colchagua Valley)	Merlot	Viña Casablanca
France	"This is a pure Pinot Noir cuvée from an Aube-based producer. It has a curious candied character reminiscent of fruit drops due, perhaps, to its youth. Give it a few more months to gain depth and drink from 2018."	Cuvée des Jean	85	30	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean Josselin NV Cuvée des Jean Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Jean Josselin
France	"This is a delicate, deliciously fragrant Riesling with just the freshest of fruits. Lemon and bright zest notes leave the palate totally refreshed."	Tradition	90	29	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Pfister 2011 Tradition Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Pfister
Italy	"Intense aromas of white spring flower, aromatic herb, exotic fruit and citrus seamlessly come together on this. The radiant, precise palate offers nectarine zest, lime, sage and white peach while a tangy saline note closes the lingering finish. Enjoy now or hold another few years for more complexity. Drink through 2020."	Outis Bianco	92	29	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Biondi 2015 Outis Bianco  (Etna)	White Blend	Biondi
Austria	"A soft, pale rosé with caramel, red fruit  and fresh acidity, finished with light sweetness. The acidity gives an extra dose of refreshment. Screwcap."	Hesperia	84	14	Kremstal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Felsner 2007 Hesperia Rosé (Kremstal)	Rosé	Felsner
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon makes up three-quarters of this blend with the balance Merlot (22%) and Malbec. Coming from a who's who of vineyards that includes Klipsun, Canoe Ridge, Seven Hills, and Alder Ridge, it displays aromas of toasty spices, graphite, fresh herb and black currant. The dark-fruit flavors are polished to a fine sheen, showing hang time on the finish. It impresses."	JRG	92	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Pamplin 2013 JRG Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Pamplin
US	"This is a little rough and scouring on the mouth, but otherwise a fine sparkling wine. It's rich and slightly sweet, with orange, lime, vanilla and yeasty dough flavors."	Brut de Blancs	87	28	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Laetitia 2009 Brut de Blancs Sparkling (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Laetitia
US	"This is a great option for a widely available and affordable rosé. A very pretty pink in color, it shows baked strawberry, rose petals and vanilla ice cream on the nose. The sip tightens around cherry and strawberry-brioche flavors."		88	12	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	SeaGlass 2016 Rosé (Monterey County)	Rosé	SeaGlass
Spain	"Flowery and easygoing on the bouquet, this is taught, lemony and wiry on the palate. Flavors of gooseberry, lime and apple feature cleansing acids and a persistent, citrusy tang. A blend of 80% Xarel-lo and 20% Riesling."	Massís del Garraf	85	16	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terraprima 2011 Massís del Garraf White (Penedès)	White Blend	Terraprima
France	"This is taut and mineral, with hidden power. It's very closed at this stage. It's a wine with acidity and notes of green fruits and crisp apples, with just a touch of wood. This will age for many years."	Les Clos Grand Cru	95	70	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jean-Paul et Benoît Droin 2010 Les Clos Grand Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Jean-Paul et Benoît Droin
Portugal	This half-and-half blend of Touriga Nacional and Cabernet Sauvignon is structured and with a firm layer of tannins. It also has plenty of ripe berry fruits that are balancing the more serious texture. Drink now.	Forma de Arte Reserva	87	15	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Casal Monteiro 2014 Forma de Arte Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Casal Monteiro
US	"Pristine white grapefruit and pear are accented by hints of fennel and saffron in this light-bodied, dry Pinot Gris. Sunny lemony acidity lends a soft, yielding feel to the palate."		87	17	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Anthony Road 2016 Pinot Gris (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Gris	Anthony Road
Austria	"A fresh lemon nose almost has a touch of herb or grass. The palate rounds this out with a balance of ripe lemon and stone-fruit freshness, while the light and creamy body offers beautifully fine fizz. A dry aftertaste has the tart freshness of green apples. The wine has an elegant, dry apéritif style with wonderful length."	Brut Réserve	92	30	Niederösterreich			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Schloss Gobelsburg NV Brut Réserve Sparkling (Niederösterreich)	Sparkling Blend	Schloss Gobelsburg
Chile	"This is definitely a cool-climate SB from Chile. The nose is crisp yet not pushy, with aromas of gooseberry, nettle and snap pea along with grapefruit and lemon. A punchy, lively palate feel is just right for the wine's passion fruit, nettle, tangerine and grassy flavors, while the finish is long and cutting."	Grand Reserve	90	16	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Quintay 2013 Grand Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Quintay
US	"Lovely body and texture in this light and silky wine, with its soft tannins and crisp acidity. The flavors suggest tea, cranberry, and fruits such as black cherry and raspberry. Complex and interesting, this is fun to drink."	Dutton Ranch Morelli Lane Vineyard	90	46	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			Sebastopol 2000 Dutton Ranch Morelli Lane Vineyard Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sebastopol
US	"Sweet and simple in apricot and pineapple flavors, with a heavy coating of caramelized oak. Drinkable, but disagreeably fruit-juicy."		82	29	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Cobblestone 2008 Chardonnay (Arroyo Seco)	Chardonnay	Cobblestone
France	"The fruit is extremely extracted, making for a wine that is tough, very firm and hard without the juicy character needed to see it through."		83	17	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Damase 2012  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Damase
Italy	"This vineyard-designate Barbaresco opens with streamlined elegance and subtle aromas of chopped mint, crème de cassis and ginger. The firmness of the tannins holds it together."	Ronchi	89	55	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Albino Rocca 2009 Ronchi  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Albino Rocca
Argentina	"With classy aromas of cedar, dark berry, aged balsamic vinegar and spice, this blend of Tempranillo, Malbec and Cabernet Sauvignon is layered and holds onto its freshness and kick. Heady flavors of baked black fruits, coffee and spice finish long, with mocha notes and a creamy texture. Drink through 2017."	Alfa Crux	92	50	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	O. Fournier 2007 Alfa Crux Red (Uco Valley)	Red Blend	O. Fournier
US	"Lots of delicious, savory currant, licorice and mocha flavors in this dry Pinot that will go so well with a grilled steak. It's a bit soft and heavy, but enjoyable nonetheless."	Durell Vineyard	87	50	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Loring Wine Company 2007 Durell Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Loring Wine Company
US	"Light in color, aromas of vanilla, caramel, toast, char and wood spice lead to wood-forward fruit flavors backed by tart acids. The oak seems out of check but it still brings some appeal."	Rosebud Vineyard Red Wine	87	27	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Castillo De Feliciana 2014 Rosebud Vineyard Red Wine Tempranillo (Columbia Valley (WA))	Tempranillo	Castillo De Feliciana
Argentina	"This is wiry and exotic smelling, with strained berry aromas. It feels grabby and buttery, with dry oaky and berry flavors."		85	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TintoNegro 2010 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	TintoNegro
France	"This is a light and soft selection, with an upfront gamy note that's framed by soft strawberry, rhubarb, red cherry and currant fruit tones on the nose and mouth. Overall, it's short and direct; drink up."		83	9	France Other	Vin de France		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Paul Bouchard & Cie NV Red (Vin de France)	Red Blend	Paul Bouchard & Cie
Italy	"Known for its panoramic, family-run bed & breakfast, Ca' du Rabajà's base Barbaresco offers a light, bright appearance with aromas of white chocolate, vanilla, orange zest and wild berry. There's smoke, licorice and tar in there as well and the wine offers a tart but drying finish."		90	24	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Ca' du Rabajà 2007  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Ca' du Rabajà
France	"Loin de l'Oeil and Mauzac are the prime grapes in this attractive and perfumed wine. It is crisp and with a strong citrus streak as well as a more textured mineral edge. The wine is light, refreshing and ready to drink."	Sec	86	16	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Terrisses 2016 Sec White (Gaillac)	White Blend	Domaine des Terrisses
Spain	"Aromas of Middle Eastern spices, pencil eraser, oak grain, red plum and cherry make for a complete nose. This Tempranillo offers good body and a fair amount of oak on the palate along with spicy plum fruit that tastes more oaky and lactic on the finish."	Crianza	87	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Raiza 2013 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Raiza
US	"Almost as good as some of the winery's best single-vineyard bottlings, this wine has a tremendous nose that offers tangerine blossom, pink grapefruit skin, sea salt and toast around a line of graphite. The palate presents juicy nectarine and ripe citrus alongside yeasty sizzle, salt and a chalk minerality."		92	35	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2013 Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
Argentina	"Heavily earthy and rubbery smelling, then big and bulky but out of whack on the palate. Tastes buttery and gummy, with generic berry fruit flavors that finish oaky."		83	13	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alberti 154 2009 Tempranillo (Mendoza)	Tempranillo	Alberti 154
US	"The herbal Boulder Bluff bottling remains rather stubbornly closed, even after being open for several hours. It's tart with fruit flavors of cranberry and green apple."	Boulder Bluff Vineyard	88	68	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Adelsheim 2011 Boulder Bluff Vineyard Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Adelsheim
US	"A multigrape blend that seems to be lacking focus, this tastes strongly of vanilla and butter cookies, the fruit extremely light."	H3 Les Chevaux Red	86	15	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Crest 2009 H3 Les Chevaux Red Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Columbia Crest
US	The Santa Ynez Valley stalwarts explore the slightly riper side of the grape with this bottling that shows fatter Anjou pear and Key-lime aromas but also tighter chalk and wet sidewalk tones. Sour green-apple skins arise on the sip alongside lime zest. The acidity is noticeable but not racy.		88	15	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Gainey 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Gainey
US	"A very pretty wine, in scent and flavor, this estate-grown effort offers aromas of rose petals and cherry blossoms. Those floral notes continue into the palate, with light cherry fruit and citrusy acids."	White Rose Vineyard	90	125	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	White Rose 2014 White Rose Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	White Rose
Australia	"An intense, flavorful rendition of Sauvignon Blanc, this is grapefruity from start to finish, balanced by slightly riper notes of pineapple and a custardy richness to the wine's texture. Pair it with bold fish dishes over the next 6–9 months."	Omrah	90	15	Western Australia	Great Southern		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Plantagenet 2010 Omrah Sauvignon Blanc (Great Southern)	Sauvignon Blanc	Plantagenet
US	"Inebriating aromas of hearty tobacco, black earth, cassis and prune kick off another barrel-aged monster from Dave Corey. The cherry syrup and plum liqueur flavors remain bright with strong acidity as well as sturdy tannic structure, meaning this one will last until 2020 at least."		91	20	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Turchi 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Barbara County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Turchi
Australia	"Rich and toasty in style, this has notes of ripe tropical fruits, figs, toffee and green herbs. The oak is prevalent and at times a bit too loud."	Beginning	87	25	South Australia	Adelaide Hills				The Lane 2015 Beginning Chardonnay (Adelaide Hills)	Chardonnay	The Lane
US	"This blend of Merlot, Syrah, Petit Sirah and Primitivo is aromatic and fruit-filled, with notes of confection, blueberry pie, plum, licorice and red fruit. The flavors are sweet, primary and direct with a smooth feel."	Redhead	86	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ryan Patrick 2013 Redhead Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Ryan Patrick
France	"Although obviously still young, this fruity wine will develop fast. It benefits from the ripe fruit of the vintage, sweet black currants and berries that are given a crisp edge by the acidity. Already balanced, it will be drinkable from 2016."	Premium	85	7	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Taussin 2014 Premium  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Taussin
US	"Lots of sweet, smoky oak on this wine, with flavors of pineapples, peaches, limes, vanilla and honey. It's balanced with crisp acidity. Drink now."		87	22	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Sanford 2009 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Sanford
US	"This 100% varietal wine shows notes of raspberry and chocolate sprinkled with oak spices from time in 50% new French barrels. It's wound up tightly at present, packed to the brim with red fruit flavors and firm, slightly gritty tannins."	Estate Grown Merlot Block 8	91	58	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Canoe Ridge 2010 Estate Grown Merlot Block 8 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Canoe Ridge
US	"This shows wonderfully layered, complex flavors, in addition to great structure. Thoroughly dry, with rich, fine tannins, it flatters with red and black currant, red cherry, milk chocolate, licorice, root beer, vanilla, dusty spice and smoky oak flavors. Luscious now and through 2010."	Alluvium Red Table Wine	93	30	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma			Beringer 2004 Alluvium Red Table Wine Red (Knights Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Beringer
US	"Pleasantly fruity and almost sweet, this medium-bodied wine offers a fruit bowl of flavor and freshness on the palate."	"Peach, Bright, Lovely"	86	9	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	"AVA Grace Vineyards 2014 Peach, Bright, Lovely Chardonnay (California)"	Chardonnay	AVA Grace Vineyards
France	"This lime-flavored wine has a hint of steeliness to emphasize the structure. It's crisp and fruity, racy and edgy at the end with a dry, tight finish."	Tradition	85	17	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Charles Sparr 2012 Tradition Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Charles Sparr
US	"This unusual 100% varietal offering comes from this winery's young estate vineyard. Aromatically it offers notes of candied red apple, wheat cereal, raspberries and dry chocolate. The chocolate, cherry and apple flavors are sweet, ripe and full, backed by dry, grainy tannins."	Louisa Margaret's Vineyard	88	45	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	JM Cellars 2012 Louisa Margaret's Vineyard Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Merlot	JM Cellars
US	"A touch of leather adds intrigue to bright cherry and fresh herb aromas in this Long Island Bordeaux-style blend, but hints of unripe stems lend a slightly green tone to the palate. Medium bodied in style with a refreshing spray of acidity."	Campania Rosso	84	50	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Waters Crest 2008 Campania Rosso Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Waters Crest
US	"Vanilla, coconut and toast aromas are vibrant and out-front, followed by tropical fruit. This wine is full bodied with a viscous, almost oily feel that persists through the finish. It offers some good things, but the variety gets lost in the style."		87	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Browne Family Vineyards 2014 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Browne Family Vineyards
US	"This is a late-disgorged sparkler made from 67% Pinot Noir and 33% Chardonnay. Low in sugar, it shows glorious Granny Smith apple flavor around salty oak. Dry as a bone on the palate, it offers a wealth of lifted acidity and lemon peel that provides complexity and deliciousness."	Extra Brut Reserve Cuvée	94	50	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gloria Ferrer 2009 Extra Brut Reserve Cuvée Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Gloria Ferrer
US	"Big, bold flavors of cherry pie, red currant, toasty oak and vanilla mark this ripe, tasty Pinot. It has broad appeal, successfully made for a palate that likes accessibile wines that seem sweet and fruity."	Soberanes Vineyard	88	55	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Bernardus 2010 Soberanes Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"Delicious and compelling 100% Cabernet from this great vintage. Shows classically developed, sweet Napa tannins and wonderfully ripe fruit. As expressive as the blackberries and currants are, they're reined in with minerals and herbs to produce exquisite tension. Best now, with a good decant, and should develop for many years."		94	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Parallel 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Parallel
US	"Pale in color, it's bone dry and crisp in acidity. It shows subtle flavors of rosehip tea, orange peel and persimmons, with a scour of grape skin tannins. Perfect pairings include sausages and pâté."	Vin Gris of	88	18	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Calera 2013 Vin Gris of Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Calera
US	"A good wine, with some noble features such as perfect tannins and wonderfully fresh acidity. But, good as it is, there's something off in the taste. Too jammy, too fruity, with a candied, raspberry granola sweetness, lacking depth and the brooding, earthy layers you want in a Pinot this expensive."	Block N Bien Nacido Vineyard	87	52	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Foxen 2008 Block N Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
Portugal	"This is an attractive, fruity, fresh rosé. It is dry but balances acidity and fruitiness with its sweet strawberry fruit and light touch of vanilla pod. Drink now."	Companhia das Lezirias Catapereiro	87	12	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2013 Companhia das Lezirias Catapereiro Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Wines & Winemakers
Italy	"This opens with textbook Nebbiolo aromas of new leather, forest floor, red berry, culinary spice and a whiff of blue flower. On the savory palate, taut, fine-grained tannins and vibrant acidity support Marasca cherry, raspberry compote, star anise and white pepper flavors that should integrate after a few more years in bottle. Drink after 2022."		92	30	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pertinace 2014  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Pertinace
Australia	"This medium-bodied blend of four varieties (Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Grenache and Mataro) features supremely soft tannins, balanced by crisp acids, while the flavors are a slightly resiny or medicinal—but not unpleasant—blend of mint, cedar, smoke and cherry. Drink now."	Masterpeace Red Blend	85	10	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Andrew Peace 2009 Masterpeace Red Blend Red (South Eastern Australia)	Red Blend	Andrew Peace
US	"Holding 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Merlot, this wine leads with inviting aromas of blackberries, dark cherries and tar, showing a fresh, fruit-forward profile. The dense fruit flavors deliver on all of this promise with layers of complexity, spot-on balance and good length."	Cuvée B	93	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Alleromb 2012 Cuvée B Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Alleromb
US	"Harsh and sharp in tannins and acids, but this is a pretty good price for a dry, full-bodied red wine with blackberry and currant flavors. Drink with rustic fare, such as burgers or pasta with sausages."		83	11	California	California	California Other			Montevina 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Montevina
US	"The texture is delicately silky and the acidity is brisk and savory. What stars are the flavors. The wine is jammy in raspberries and cherries and a little obvious in its fruit and oak. Doesn't seem to be an ager, so drink up."	Taylor Ridge Vineyard	88	55	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Boheme 2010 Taylor Ridge Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Boheme
US	"Sourced from the Dineen vineyard, this is unusually tart, almost sour, and feels thin on the palate. Some citrus flavors combine with a light touch of body powder, but overall it comes through as a very racy, light white wine."		86	22	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Obelisco Estate 2013 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Obelisco Estate
France	"Produced from a 7-acre parcel within the premier cru, this wine is tight and nervy at this young stage. It has acidity, a tangy mineral texture and crisp white and citrus fruit but needs time to fill out and show its full potential. Drink from 2021."	Les Vaillons Premier Cru	93	46	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Billaud-Simon 2014 Les Vaillons Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Billaud-Simon
Portugal	"Produced from young vines, this attractive, ready-to-drink wine is soft and ripe. There are just enough tannins to give this fruity wine its shape. The acidity and the spice add another element to this rich wine."	Dona Santana	90	25	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de Lemos 2010 Dona Santana Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de Lemos
Italy	"Made entirely with Merlot, this opens with aromas of black cherry and caramel that follow through to the dense palate along with a hint of cedar. Clenching tannins leave a mouth-puckering finish."	Casa Nocera	87	62	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pagani de Marchi 2012 Casa Nocera Merlot (Toscana)	Merlot	Pagani de Marchi
Italy	"This opens with French oak and toasted hazelnut aromas. The lean, assertive palate offers roasted coffee bean and licorice flavors alongside grainy tannins that leave an astringent finish."	San Giuliano	86	38	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pasquale Pelissero 2014 San Giuliano  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Pasquale Pelissero
Chile	"For a whiff, feel and taste of real Chile, this Carmenère-led blend is the ticket. The nose is prickly and intense, with aromas of juniper, leather and spicy black fruit. It's acidic and lively, with firm but smooth tannins and huge flavors of cassis, plum, green herbs, olive and chocolate. On the finish, it delivers structure and length, but also a final wave of herbal, Carmenère-based flavors. Drink now–2018."	Altura	91	76	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa Silva 2007 Altura Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Casa Silva
Germany	"While honeyed peach and quince flavors are juicy and sweet on this delicately framed auslese, distinctly earthy notes of herb and smoke lend a mysteriously savory tone. It bristles on the palate, with sunny lemon acidity."	Piesporter Michelsberg Auslese	87	12	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		St. Christopher 2011 Piesporter Michelsberg Auslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Christopher
Italy	"Thanks to new ownership and recent dynamic changes, the historic Fontanafredda estate is poised to bring us many beautiful surprises in the future. This gorgeous Nebbiolo from the opulent 2007 vintage delivers delicate floral aromas of red rose and violet in front of espresso, chocolate, cola and black cherry. Drink after 2018."	Serralunga d'Alba	94	45	Piedmont	Barolo				Fontanafredda 2007 Serralunga d'Alba  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Fontanafredda
Italy	"A blend Friulano (fermented in oak) and Pinot Bianco and Sauvignon (fermented in steel tanks), this has aromas of white fragrant flowers, subtle oak, toast and exotic fruit. The rich palate offers pear, apple, candied citrus, vanilla and butterscotch."	Terre Alte	90	80	Northeastern Italy	Rosazzo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Livio Felluga 2011 Terre Alte  (Rosazzo)	White Blend	Livio Felluga
Austria	"A very savory, earthy character appears amid the lemon-zest palate that also features a salty, rock-solid statement. This is not for the fainthearted: a compact bundle of pure life with an utterly compelling nature and a lip-smackingly clean finish."	Kellerberg	94	55	Wachau			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Pichler-Krutzler 2014 Kellerberg Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Pichler-Krutzler
US	"The most important things about this wine are its upfront oak and full-bodied character. The former brings vanilla, toast and sweet oak shadings to the black cherry and cola fruit. It's soft in acids, which may explain a certain heaviness, but it sure is tasty."		87	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Papapietro Perry 2002 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Papapietro Perry
US	"Made with a minimal-intervention mind-set, this marries classic French winemaking to tight, almost steely Willamette Valley fruit. It's a taut, tense wine, focused on raspberry/cherry fruit, with firm, chocolate-tinged tannins. Highlights of malted milk and tobacco sneak into the extended finish."		92	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Divio 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Divio
US	"Jasmine, herb, flower, dried Nestea Ice Tea and peach aromas are followed by medium-sweet fruit flavors that linger. It's a pleasant easy drinker, if a bit faint."		86	8	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Hogue 2015 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Hogue
US	"Well-integrated oak, deliciously ripe fruit flavors and an absolutely luscious texture make a great combination for this very full-bodied wine. The entry is smooth and light, then the flavors of ripe plum and boysenberry build on the palate, very mouth filling and rich, before lingering on a long finish."	Estate Vineyard	92	30	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Amador Cellars 2014 Estate Vineyard Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Amador Cellars
Chile	"With nonaggressive, lightly oaked aromas of raspberry, tea and spice, this bargain-priced Pinot gets off to a nice start. The palate is bright and has good flow, while flavors of tomato, red plum, raspberry and saline are full but reserved."	Reserva	87	13	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ventisquero 2010 Reserva Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ventisquero
Portugal	"A perfumed wine that is ripe and richly tannic, with the minerality of the Douro. It has weight, while also retaining elegance and rounded black fruits. Give this wine a few years, and drink from 2015."	Cape Roca Boat	88	25	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casca Wines 2009 Cape Roca Boat Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Casca Wines
US	"This is the most concentrated of the current lineup of Phelps Creek Pinots, and carries a distinctly earthy note of compost in the nose, along with leaf and cherry and herb. It has some weight and authority on the palate, with a mix of cherry tomato and fresh herb dominating."	Estate Reserve	88	42	Oregon	Columbia Gorge (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Phelps Creek 2007 Estate Reserve Pinot Noir (Columbia Gorge (OR))	Pinot Noir	Phelps Creek
Italy	"Made in a late harvest, sweet style, this has good dimension and intensity with layers of stone fruit, honey and spring flowers. The wine is bursting with exotic fruit and is sweet and chewy in feel."	Riesling	86	25	Northeastern Italy	Venezia Giulia				Marco Cecchini 2006 Riesling Riesling (Venezia Giulia)	Riesling	Marco Cecchini
South Africa	"Etienne Le Riche is a total Cabernet specialist. With a tiny production of 5,000 cases across all his wines, this is boutique in the best sense. The Reserve Cabernets are, of course, the stars. This 2003 is fruit and wood driven, a powerful but still elegant wine, with black plums, tannins and super-ripe fruits."	Cabernet Sauvignon Reserve	91	45	Stellenbosch			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Le Riche 2003 Cabernet Sauvignon Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Stellenbosch)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Le Riche
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot split the blend with 8% Syrah in addition. The opening scents are toasty and inviting, and the wine enters the palate smooth and agreeable, with pretty red fruits. There's a lick of licorice and then the flavors seem to lighten up and finish tart and astringent. But decant this and let it breathe, and the wine can surprise with its staying power."	Protagonist	90	55	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Bookwalter 2011 Protagonist Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	J. Bookwalter
Italy	"Attractive on any table thanks to its vintage-automobile label artwork, this bright Chianti Classico shows ripe fruit aromas of cherry liqueur and plum cake backed by soft, savory exotic spice. It's crisp but velvety smooth on the close."	Belvedere Riserva	89	28	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Querceto di Castellina 2007 Belvedere Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Querceto di Castellina
France	"Firm with tannins, this is a dry wine. Its tough structure dominates the berry fruit, needing time to balance out. Drink from 2018."		84	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Guitar 2015  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Guitar
France	"A blend of 50% Grenache and 50% Cinsault from the 50-year-old Pointe de Diable vineyard, this is a soft and ripe wine. It has light acidity and rich red-berry fruits. It's a wine for apéritif drinking—gentle and fruity at the end (the road to the property is called “End of the World”). Drink now."	Pointe du Diable	87	20	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Malherbe 2016 Pointe du Diable Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Malherbe
Germany	Earthy notes of pollen accent robust yellow peach and quince in this medium-sweet Kabinett. Fine brisk texture and scintillating acidity lend a lacy fragile feel to the palate. The finish lingers sweetly.	Kestener Paulinsberg Kabinett	89	19	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bastgen 2015 Kestener Paulinsberg Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Bastgen
US	"This is a decent Zin for drinking now. It's dry and tannic, with briary flavors of wild forest fruits and spices. Some unripe green notes compromise the score."	Old Vine	84	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Rutherford Ranch 2010 Old Vine Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Rutherford Ranch
New Zealand	"Archetypal Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc, featuring pungent, herbal aromas to go alongside bold passion fruit notes. It shows ample weight in the mouth, even a slightly oily texture and pronounced green flavors that persist a good long time. Probably best with fresh tomato or strongly herbal dishes."		88	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Drylands 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Drylands
US	"There's a feral quality to this wine, with its flavors of wild forest berries, red currants, cola, spicy smoked meats, tangerine zest and sandalwood, and hints of pine cones, rosemary and thyme. It's big and dry and, although silky in the mouth, tannic. An impressive young Pinot Noir that should be cellared for 5–6 years, at least."	Wildcat Mountain Vineyard	93	45	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Talisman 2007 Wildcat Mountain Vineyard Pinot Noir (Los Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Talisman
US	"A fine, delicious Chardonnay, less expensive than most of Testarossa's other single-vineyard Chards, but as good. Crisp in acidity, it offers very rich pineapple tart, Key lime pie, golden mango and lemon custard flavors, made even richer by smoky, sweetly caramelized oak."	Sanford & Benedict Vineyard	92	39	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Testarossa 2009 Sanford & Benedict Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
US	"Coming from the oldest block of the oldest Syrah vineyard in the state (1986 plantings), this wine brings a pleasing assortment of herbs, blue plum, mineral and spice along with a kiss of smoked meat. It's focused and rich with densely packed fruit flavors and tannins that show a surprising amount of heft. Best after 2017."	La Côte Patriarche	93	55	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Betz Family 2012 La Côte Patriarche Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Betz Family
France	This wine is ripe with generous strawberry flavors and perfumed acidity. A smoky edge accompanies tastes of red cherry. The wine is rounded and light with attractive final acidity.	Beauregard Premier Cru	88	63	Burgundy	Santenay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2013 Beauregard Premier Cru  (Santenay)	Pinot Noir	Chanson Père et Fils
US	"Dark gold in color and mightily textured, this lovely wine is medium-bodied and salty in pear, mango an pineapple. The flavors are subdued and nuanced, finding their way within layers of acidity and refined oak."		93	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Davis Family 2015 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Davis Family
US	"Pomegranate fruit scents emerge alongside licorice, black olive and green tea on this appellation blend from esteemed sommelier Raj Parr. It's light and bright on the palate, with plum-skin-driven tannic tartness, but there's not much else going on."		86	38	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sandhi 2012 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Sandhi
Germany	"Delicate floral notes mingle with smoke and struck flint on this gorgeously composed Riesling sparkling. The palate is delicately pétillant with soft, tiny bubbles that fill the mouth with layers of caramelized sugar, fresh pears, blossom and minerals. Striking acidity drives a long, umami-touched finish."	Sekt Brut	93	38	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Peter Lauer NV Sekt Brut Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Peter Lauer
Portugal	"Ninety-year-old vines produce this ink-black wine, intensely powerful and concentrated. At this stage it is very young, its superb dense fruit still developing. But the power, the rich tannins and the smooth feel from open stone fermenters still make this a wine that needs considerable aging. Give it 5–7 years and more."	Vinha Maria Teresa	95	145	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Crasto 2009 Vinha Maria Teresa Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Crasto
US	"Smooth and soft, this easygoing wine has mild fruit and oak-spice flavors, low acidity and a touch of sweetness to round off any edges."	Family Reserve	84	8	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Oak Grove 2013 Family Reserve Merlot (California)	Merlot	Oak Grove
US	"A mix of Pinot Gris, Müller-Thurgau, Riesling and more, this all-purpose white wine shows a steady hand at the blending table. Nothing dominates, but it seems as if the best of each component is showcased. Ripe forward pineapple and white peach fruit, lively spice and a sappy acid-driven finish all come into focus. If the standard varietal white wine options are feeling a bit boring, this may help to reinvigorate your palate."	Bin 5 Abiqua Cuvée	88	15	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abiqua Wind NV Bin 5 Abiqua Cuvée White (Willamette Valley)	White Blend	Abiqua Wind
US	"Made from the two Cabernets, Merlot and a drop of Petit Verdot, this is a gentle wine with some true complexity. It has interesting cherry flavor with a deeper stream of cassis liqueur."	The Quarry	85	27	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Stacked Stone 2005 The Quarry Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Stacked Stone
US	"This wine is savory in style, with flavors of raspberries, orange peel and cola. Harsh in the mouth, with scoury acids and some abrupt tannins."	Premium Limited Edition	83	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Publix 2010 Premium Limited Edition Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Publix
US	"Soft and supple, this has a heavy streak of spearmint and an herbal finish that also offers dark black cherry and ripe, leathery tannins."	Siebert Ranch	86	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ancient Oak Cellars 2011 Siebert Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ancient Oak Cellars
Chile	"Despite a persistent front-to-back sweetness, this is a nice little Chardonnay for those fastened to the grape. It starts with ripe pineapple and apple aromas, and next you get tropical fruit, citrus and banana flavors. Medium in size and good for what it strives to be."	120	85	8	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Rita 2008 120 Chardonnay (Central Valley)	Chardonnay	Santa Rita
France	"Very rich, almost overripe pear dominates the palate, which also has a rich marzipan edge. Residual sugar is just about cut by citrus freshness. This is at the cusp of being just a little too much."	Barriques	88	37	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Ostertag 2013 Barriques Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Ostertag
Australia	"This bargain-priced offering is simple, fruity and direct, marked by peach and pineapple notes and a silky texture. Drink now."		85	10	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Settlers Rise 2016 Chardonnay (South Eastern Australia)	Chardonnay	Settlers Rise
France	"This perfumed wine is very aromatic and crisp. It's still young, not yet fully integrating the acidity, spiced fruits and mineral texture. Wait until 2016."		85	13	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Paul Blanck 2013 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Paul Blanck
France	"This wine is full of juicy fruit along with a dark, smoky character. A firm undertow of very dry tannins brings out a firm structure. The hard edge needs to soften, so wait to drink until 2018."		88	48	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Patache 2011  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Patache
US	"Lychee and kiwi soda aromas meet up with slight yeastiness on the nose of this single-vineyard Sauvignon Blanc. A sharp zing of acidity runs from the front of the palate to the finish, with apple cider flavors holding up the fruit. Serve with fish tacos."	Great Oaks Vineyard	85	19	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Santa Barbara Winery 2013 Great Oaks Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Barbara Winery
Italy	"Oak, coconut, toast, espresso, menthol and a whiff of cellar floor are some of the aromas you'll find on this robust red. The big, warm palate offers raisin, date, licorice and roasted coffee bean. Teeth-coating tannins leave an astringent finish while the heat of evident alcohol throws it off-balance. While it's tightly tannic, there's not much fruit richness, making this more suited for mid-term drinking."		88	65	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Poderina 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	La Poderina
US	"Youthful and compelling, this 100% estate Merlot comes with a seductive smoky note. The juicy berry flavor is rich and racy, while the barrel aging—50% new—hits exactly the right toasty note."	Herb's Block Windrow Vineyards	94	39	Oregon	Walla Walla Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tero Estates 2009 Herb's Block Windrow Vineyards Merlot (Walla Walla Valley (OR))	Merlot	Tero Estates
France	"Created for the American market, the wine has some softness while retaining intense fruitiness. It's bright, light and very fresh, with just a touch of caramel at the end."	iPink	86	20	Provence	Coteaux Varois en Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de l'Escarelle 2013 iPink Rosé (Coteaux Varois en Provence)	Rosé	Château de l'Escarelle
US	"Swathes of fresh tarragon lend a green, herbal tone to cassis and black plum flavors in this pretty wine. Penetrating, grippy tannins are jolting on the finish, underlining a tight, brisk finish."		87	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Chateau Lafayette Reneau 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Finger Lakes)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Lafayette Reneau
US	"The new release from this old (1972) vineyard boosts the alcohol to 13.9%, dropping the residual sugar to just over 1%. Deep, concentrated, and driven by a dense minerality, this exceptional single-vineyard Riesling has raw fruit flavors of green apple, white peach and citrus rind. Sure to evolve, perhaps over decades, it has the vivid acidity and penetrating finish to improve significantly."	Solstice Vineyard	93	22	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Pacific Rim 2009 Solstice Vineyard Riesling (Yakima Valley)	Riesling	Pacific Rim
US	"Very ripe, with mouth filling blackberry, currant, cassis and smoky oak flavors that finish dry and spicy. There's an edge to the tannins that suggests limited ageability."		88	28	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Schug 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Schug
US	"This bottling is typical of the style of Zin this vineyard produces. It's very high in alcohol, soft in acids, firm in tannins, and luscious with blackberry, cherry and milk chocolate flavor. Palls after a few sips due to its glyceriney richness."	Monte Rosso Vineyard	85	42	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Muscardini 2010 Monte Rosso Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Muscardini
US	"All types of tea, from black to nettle to Greek mountain to chamomile, show on this wine's herbally powered nose, with bits of sagebrush and wild berries thrown in for good measure. Tea elements also power the palate, along with cranberry fruit and raspberry leaf, held together with grippy tannins, at least for this grape"	Cargasacchi Vineyard	93	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Siduri 2013 Cargasacchi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
Austria	"Axel Stiegelmar confirms his reputation as one of Austria's top red winemakers with this delicious juicy Pinot Noir. It has just the right amount of barnyard character to go with the bright black cherry flavors, layered with soft tannins."	Selection	88	22	Burgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Juris 2006 Selection Pinot Noir (Burgenland)	Pinot Noir	Juris
Israel	"Attractive and layered with a blueberry and raspberry fruit core accented by notes of sweet spice, orange oil, ashy tobacco and a touch of dark purple florals. The gripping tannins are fine and balanced, with skin-driven fruit flavors dominating the palate and a fudgy chocolate and sweet spice note lingering on the finish."	Yiron	90	22	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Galil Mountain 2008 Yiron Red (Galilee)	Red Blend	Galil Mountain
France	"This Syrah-dominant blend, with 25% Carignan and 5% Grenache, leads with oak-driven aromas of charred cedar, sweet smoke and vanilla bean that envelop the ripe blackberry and cherry fruit tones. The palate is lush and full, with a creamy roundness that's partially lifted by generous spicy notes of garrigue, licorice root and black pepper on the close."	Passion d'une Vie	88	28	Languedoc-Roussillon	Côtes du Roussillon		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Bernard Magrez 2010 Passion d'une Vie Red (Côtes du Roussillon)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Bernard Magrez
US	"While elegant and a bit restrained, this dry, mineral-laden Sauvignon Blanc boasts crisp white grapefruit and lemon flavors. It's refreshing and brisk, finishing on a delicate green, herbaceous tone."		87	18	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bouquet 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (North Fork of Long Island)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bouquet
France	"Based in Nuits-Saint-Georges, Manuel Olivier has made a specialty of the wines from the Hautes Côtes in the hills behind the city. This is a light and fruity wine with freshness and some firm, dry tannins, although it's ready to drink now."		85	20	Burgundy	Bourgogne Hautes Côtes de Nuits		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Manuel Olivier 2010  Bourgogne Hautes Côtes de Nuits	Pinot Noir	Manuel Olivier
US	"Lavender and other purple flowers meld with graphite, concentrated strawberries and dried raspberries on this wine from a cherished block on a historic vineyard. It's snappy on the palate, with sharp pomegranate fruit and tongue-tingling acidity. A tad of brie, watermelon and shiitake mushroom pop up toward the finish."	Bien Nacido Vineyard Block N	94	50	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Longoria 2013 Bien Nacido Vineyard Block N Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Longoria
Italy	"This 100% Cabernet has scents of ripe black-skinned fruit, aromatic herb, new leather, baking spice and a balsamic note. The round savory palate offers black currant, stewed prune, herb, clove and a hint of star anise alongside polished, fine-grained tannins. Drink over the next several years."	Maestro Raro	91	65	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Felsina 2012 Maestro Raro Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Felsina
US	"For a large-production sparkler made from an almost 50-50 split of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, a dollop of Pinot Meunier blended in, this is impressive, dry and refreshing in acidity. Flavors of stone fruit, apple and almond linger on the palate, balanced by a distinct layering of fresh-squeezed citrus, from orange to lime."	Cuvée 20	90	28	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	J Vineyards & Winery NV Cuvée 20 Sparkling (Sonoma County)	Sparkling Blend	J Vineyards & Winery
US	"Intensely ripe, jammy raspberry and cherry fruit marks this impressive young Pinot Noir. It shows Williams Selyem's impeccable balance and elegance, but is a little soft and direct, lacking nuance. Could do interesting things in the bottle down the years, but seems best now and through 2014."	Olivet Lane Vineyard	91	75	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2009 Olivet Lane Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
France	"This wine has great power along with magnificently rich fruit. Wood aging provides a judicious support to its fullness and opulence. Acidity, black cherries and red berry fruits come together with firm tannins. Combined they are already in balance, but the wine needs to wait. Drink from 2018."		96	480	Burgundy	Bonnes-Mares		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roche de Bellene 2011  Bonnes-Mares	Pinot Noir	Roche de Bellene
US	"This is a flavorful full-bodied wine from a cool growing region that keeps a tangy balance to support the generous apple, white peach and mineral flavors. It offers more depth and concentration than most versions and will be enjoyable to drink before or during a meal."	Gris Neighbors	90	25	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Lichen Estate 2015 Gris Neighbors Pinot Gris (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Gris	Lichen Estate
France	"Dominated by Sylvaner but with some fragrant Muscat also in the blend, this is a perfumed wine, fresh while soft. It's delicate, balanced, cut neatly with acidity. A great apéritif wine."		85	12	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Kuentz-Bas 2011 White (Alsace)	White Blend	Kuentz-Bas
France	"This is a fruity wine with red berry flavors and fresh acidity. It is crisp, light and ready to drink, with an attractive smoky aftertaste."	Prestige	84	14	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lauduc 2013 Prestige  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lauduc
Chile	"Rubbery black-fruit aromas come with a distinct and strong whiff of bacon. In the mouth, this is full, angular and highly tannic. A bacon-like flavor leads plum and saucy tomato notes, while this is chunky and scrubbing on the finish, with a flavor of clove."	Gran Reserva	88	20	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Maquis 2014 Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Maquis
US	"Both tart and tannic, it's unusually tight in personality, with a mouth-puckering texture, sharp fruit flavors and astringent finish. While there are too many soft and overripe Zins, this one goes pretty far the other way."	Fashauer Vineyard	83	38	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Witching Stick 2012 Fashauer Vineyard Zinfandel (Anderson Valley)	Zinfandel	Witching Stick
Italy	"Made with botrytized Grechetto and Trebbiano grapes, this conveys subtle aromas of peach and saffron. On the dense palate, sweet almond adds interest to the core of dried apricot and sticky honey."	Calcaia Muffa Nobile	89	40	Central Italy	Orvieto Classico Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Barberani 2012 Calcaia Muffa Nobile  (Orvieto Classico Superiore)	White Blend	Barberani
US	"Hews to the Hanzell style, which is almost old-fashioned in this age of ripely opulent Pinot Noirs. This one's tight as a drum in tannins and acids, a quivery, nervously wound wine. Yet it's quite rich and complex, with a tapestry of cherry, red licorice, tobacco, Canadian bacon, dusty Indian spice and buttered toast flavors.  Needs 7–8 years in the cellar, and, based on tastings of very old Hanzell, should slowly unfold through the 2020s."	Ambassador's 1953 Vineyard	93	145	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Hanzell 2007 Ambassador's 1953 Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Valley)	Pinot Noir	Hanzell
US	"This wine is a field blend of Syrah, Mourvèdre and Grenache from Bishop's vineyard. Aromas of herbs, berry, cumin and wet copper penny are followed by smooth-feeling dark berry flavors with a tart, mesquite-filled finish."	Bishop's Block	84	29	Washington	Ancient Lakes	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Crayelle Cellars 2013 Bishop's Block Red (Ancient Lakes)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Crayelle Cellars
France	"Cherries, dusty earth and faint herbal notes define the aromatic spectrum and flavor range of this supple wine. The blend is 60% Grenache, 35% Syrah, 5% Mourvèdre; drink it over the next few years."		88	13	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	L'Arène des Anges 2015 Red (Costières de Nîmes)	Rhône-style Red Blend	L'Arène des Anges
France	"The wine comes from an aristocratic estate that dates back to 1396. The wine is always impressive—rich, herbal and needing to age. It has ripe white and green fruit, a generous texture and a full-bodied density. Drink this wine from 2019."		91	35	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Tracy 2015  Pouilly-Fumé	Sauvignon Blanc	Château de Tracy
US	"Lovely aromatics shine in this low-alcohol, dry Riesling. Tangerine, lemon, apple and a hint of honey are in play. It's light, fresh and quite tart, yet the flavors show good concentration and length. Orange flesh and peel are in the forefront, with streaks of Meyer lemon and pineapple."	Estate Grown	88	15	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Girardet 2013 Estate Grown Riesling (Umpqua Valley)	Riesling	Girardet
Spain	High-grade oaky aromas of vanilla and baking spices mix with modest mature berry fruit and animal notes on the nose of this dense tannic mature Rioja. Oaky flavors of sawdust and wood resin share space on the palate with spicy dried cherry and plum. Drink through 2024.	Izarbe Reserva Selección	91	35	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Larchago 2008 Izarbe Reserva Selección  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Larchago
France	A beautiful wine that has plenty of weight and also a firm structure of minerality to go with the yellow fruits that are now evolving into more mature flavors. It is by no means at its peak yet. Give it 2–3 years.	Vaudésir Grand Cru	92	70	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pascal Bouchard 2005 Vaudésir Grand Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Pascal Bouchard
US	"Frank rarely misses a mark and this wine is another example of the poised flavors one expects from this winery. The aromas are fresh but subtle, with a delicate spin of toasted oak. The wine offers a restrained and sophisticated profile that balances depth with a clean, measured use of oak."	Barrel Fermented	88	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Dr. Konstantin Frank 2005 Barrel Fermented Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Dr. Konstantin Frank
France	"Perfumed with new wood aromas and violets, this is a full-bodied wine, its tannins blending into sweet plum and cranberry juice flavors. The wood is finely judged, giving a rounded feel to the finish, along with the acidity."		88	25	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Labat 2007  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Labat
US	"This light to medium-bodied wine offers lively fruit flavors like red cherries and raspberries. It has a crisp mouthfeel and and even balance between flavor, acidity and moderate tannins. It goes down easily."		84	8	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Twisted 2013 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Twisted
US	"Equally amounts of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot go into this high-octane blend. There are suggestions of black olive and dried leaf, but the fruit seems canned and the tannins have a tinny aftertaste."	Molten	85	38	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Obsidian 2012 Molten Red (Oregon)	Red Blend	Obsidian
US	"From a relatively warm site within the burgeoning Petaluma Gap, this wine offers lush, velvety layers of blackberry, mint and dried herb, employing some whole-cluster fermentation to add to the weight and concentration. Perfumed in spice, it retains plenty of structure; it would be a good one to cellar, through 2023."	Gap's Crown Vineyard	94	59	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sojourn 2013 Gap's Crown Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Sojourn
US	"Well-made, with clean, bright fruit and lots of pretty new oak. The wine is beautifully balanced, elegant with a long, rich, toasty finish. Fairly light fruit in this vintage, but well handled and perfectly showcased."	Private Reserve	91	21	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Collier Falls 1998 Private Reserve Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Collier Falls
US	"This wine and the entire brand often punch above their weight, in this case showing black cherry, cedar, dried dill, crushed graphite and peppercorns on the nose. The palate offers oregano and dill at first, but proves silky with dried cherry and cranberry fruit."		87	11	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cycles Gladiator 2014 Merlot (Central Coast)	Merlot	Cycles Gladiator
France	"With light flavors of ripe red fruits balanced by fresh acidity, this rosé sparkler is full in the mouth and deliciously fruity. A lively mousse gives lift to the fresh aftertaste."	Brut Rosé	89	26	France Other	Crémant de Jura		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Rolet Père et Fils NV Brut Rosé Sparkling (Crémant de Jura)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Rolet Père et Fils
US	"From a warm Eastside vineyard, this wine has pretty aromas of plums, pepper, white chocolate and smoke; well-knit and pure. Big in terms of fruit, but well balanced and elegant. The acids and tannins are soft and user-friendly."	The Corcairghorm - Fralich Vineyard	88	30	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Garretson 1999 The Corcairghorm - Fralich Vineyard Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Garretson
France	"There is a light pepper and spice character that comes through in this wine. It adds to the wine's simple fruitiness with complexity, pushing the rosé into a food friendly character. The wine is ready to drink."		87	30	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chateau Peyrassol 2016 Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Chateau Peyrassol
US	"Theoretically a very light rosé, the “Eye of the Partridge” is really a Pinot Noir blanc in this vintage, and joins a growing cohort of such wines from Oregon. Strong acids compete with some residual sugar, in a tart and sappy wine chock full of yellow plum, white raspberries and citrus fruit. It's rich and delicious, with impressive length and concentration."	Zenith Vineyard Oeil de Perdrix	91	20	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	St. Innocent 2015 Zenith Vineyard Oeil de Perdrix Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	St. Innocent
Spain	"This five-grape blend is muscular and wide on the palate, with oaky berry flavors that are also tarry and toasty. Hard tannins and some chop on the finish suggest further aging would be beneficial. Drink this Cabernet-led blend that also includes Garnacha, Syrah, Merlot and Cab Franc through 2025."	Finca Malaveïna	92	28	Northern Spain	Empordà		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Perelada 2012 Finca Malaveïna Red (Empordà)	Red Blend	Perelada
Argentina	"Bulky aromas are floral but also suggest lanolin. Malic acidity with a resiny offset is the palate feel, while grainy, pushy oak sits on top of pineapple and apple flavors that dry out on the finish."	505	82	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casarena 2014 505 Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Casarena
US	"Lithe and lean, this zesty off-dry wine offers citrusy refreshment with just a touch of mineral complexity. Sweet-tart tangerine and grapefruit pith notes linger moderately long on the finish. Drink now–2016."	1st Degree Medium Dry	88	14	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Three Brothers 2014 1st Degree Medium Dry Riesling (Seneca Lake)	Riesling	Three Brothers
France	"Bright and perfumed while also rich, this is a full-bodied wine. It has spice and pepper that come from its alcohol although everything is kept fresh by the red-currant fruitiness. Drink now."	Jardin du Soleil Cuvée Prestige	88	30	Provence	Bandol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Azur 2015 Jardin du Soleil Cuvée Prestige Rosé (Bandol)	Rosé	Château d'Azur
US	"Robustly concentrated, this is a rich rewarding wine exuberantly layered in black raspberry and blackberry flavor. Boldly structured, with depth and length for days, it hits the palate with pleasing jolts of cinnamon, clove and black licorice."	Anderson Ranch	92	42	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Quivira 2015 Anderson Ranch Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Quivira
Italy	"This opens with aromas of plum, menthol, licorice and a whiff of cellar floor. The palate offers dark berry fruit, clove, dried sage and white pepper alongside assertive, drying tannins and the warmth of evident alcohol."	Bramante	89	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Lorenzo 2010 Bramante  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	San Lorenzo
US	"Give this wine credit for dryness, crisp acidity and intensity. It's rich and strong in sour black cherry candy, cola, bitter dark chocolate and herb flavors. It's also very tannic, so much so that it's practically undrinkable now. Give it 4–5 years in the bottle, decant, and drink with beef or lamb."	Estate Grown	87	42	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Grgich Hills 2008 Estate Grown Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Grgich Hills
US	"This big-production wine from Stag's Leap hits all the popular Chardonnay buttons. It's soft and sweet, with orange and pineapple jam, buttercream, vanilla and toast flavors, brightened by crisp acidity. The grapes come from the cooler, southern parts of the valley."	KARIA	87	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Stag's Leap Wine Cellars 2011 KARIA Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Stag's Leap Wine Cellars
Spain	"Cedar, bold berry and cassis aromas come with an exotic note of sandalwood. In the mouth, this feels alert, bright and grabby, with a full load of muscular tannins and acidity. Flavors of spiced blackberry, coffee and chocolate are toasty and a touch burnt in character on the finish. Drink through 2023."	Expresion	91	50	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Resalte 2011 Expresion  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Resalte
US	"Ripe cherry and blackberry fruit stars in this easy-drinking wine, with oak providing toasty sweetness. It's an everyday, cheeseburger-friendly Merlot."		84	15	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Five Rivers 2011 Merlot (Monterey County)	Merlot	Five Rivers
US	"An extraordinarily lush, dramatic Pinot Noir. Dense and full-bodied, it shows flashy flavors of black and red berries, currants, cola, pomegranates and dusty spices, enhanced with the most perfect application of smoky oak and wrapped into a rich, silky texture. The balance is exquisite, a tension of acidity and tannins. Beautiful now, and should develop bottle complexity for at least six years."	Hawk Hill Vineyard	97	70	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Lynmar 2007 Hawk Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lynmar
France	"The ample fruitiness of this 80% Merlot wine is right up front. It comes from a large 116-acre estate on the extension of the Pomerol plateau. Firm tannins as well as generous black plum and berry fruits are well balanced, just needing time to soften and fill out. Drink this full, rich wine from 2018."		91	25	Bordeaux	Lalande de Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Siaurac 2014  Lalande de Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Siaurac
US	"This new project from the heights of Atlas Peak involves Steve Matthiasson as both viticulturist and winemaker, having had to take over the reins from the late Denis Malbec. It shines in bristling acidity, dusty tannin and a beautiful floral aroma of violet. Notes of chocolate, fig and cigar sit atop a pillowy, complex structure, while vanilla lingers on the finish."	Mountainside	93	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Acumen 2013 Mountainside Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Acumen
Italy	"This 100% Sangiovese opens with aromas of plum, wild berry, grilled herb and a menthol note. The structured palate offers ripe black cherry, mint and ground white pepper alongside firm, fine-grained tannins and fresh acidity. Drink 2016–2020."	Bugialla Riserva	90	45	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Poggerino 2012 Bugialla Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Fattoria Poggerino
France	"This full, ripe wine offers rich apple and pear flavors as well as considerable acidity. The wine is concentrated in citrus and green fruits which complement each other and add to the rich character. Drink from the end of 2017."	Anciennes Vignes	91	30	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Patient Cottat 2014 Anciennes Vignes  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Patient Cottat
US	"An opening of toasty caramel gives this wine a full-bodied weightiness and inviting richness on the nose and palate, offering a roundness of vanilla and peach along the way. Full and ripe, it finishes in a lift of balanced acidity."		88	19	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Stallion 2013 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Black Stallion
US	"This is a lively, impressive and fresh white wine with salty, stony minerality and a well-developed texture. Fig, citrus zest and white peach flavors figure into its winning profile."		90	18	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Quivira 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Quivira
US	"A very good Merlot, representing a huge increase in quality over the 2008, and a return to the charms of the 2007. It's ripe and tasty in fruit, currants and sweet oak, and earns extra points for the fine structure. Ready now."		87	38	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Materra Cunat Family Vineyards 2009 Merlot (Oak Knoll District)	Merlot	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards
US	"Valley of the Moon hasn't raised the price on this Bordeaux blend for years, which makes it a value for the complexity you get. This isn't one of those soft, mushy wines that's all flavor and no structure. Acids and tannins provide the architecture for polished blackberry, black olive and smoky oak flavors that are so appealing."	Cuvée de la Luna	92	30	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Valley of the Moon 2004 Cuvée de la Luna Red (Sonoma County)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Valley of the Moon
US	"Pricey for the variety, especially considering the quality, which is not high. Smells and tastes vegetal, with traces of asparagus, oregano and mint, and a weird sweetness on the finish. —S.H."		82	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Peju 2000 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Peju
US	"Luscious black cherry and cassis notes are kissed with menthol on this elegantly structured Merlot. It's a wine with wide appeal, balancing juicy, forward fruit with a streak of cranberry acidity and penetrating, yet velvet-textured, tannins."		87	22	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hudson-Chatham 2011 Merlot (New York)	Merlot	Hudson-Chatham
France	"Fresh in style, especially for the hot, dry 2007 vintage, reflecting the slightly higher elevation of the Massif d'Uchaux, this medium-bodied wine offers oodles of cherry-berry fruit. It's nothing too serious or complex, just good, quaffable pleasure to consume over the next 2–3 years."	Massif d'Uchaux	86	12	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône Villages		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine de la Renjarde 2007 Massif d'Uchaux Red (Côtes du Rhône Villages)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine de la Renjarde
France	"Part of the domaine of the Gagey family that runs Louis Jadot, this dense, wood-dominated wine has an austere character at this stage. Ripe, potentially full of yellow and creamy white fruits, it will always have a serious side. Drink from 2018."	Le Clos Blanc Beaune Grèves Premier Cru	93	75	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Jadot 2012 Le Clos Blanc Beaune Grèves Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Chardonnay	Louis Jadot
US	"This wine is 63% Viognier and 37% Roussanne. High-toned aromas of candlewax, flower petal, green apple and herb lead to dry, acid-driven fruit flavors. It doesn't all come together but provides plenty of intrigue."	Freyja Lawrence Vineyards	87	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gård 2016 Freyja Lawrence Vineyards White (Columbia Valley (WA))	White Blend	Gård
US	"Oaky, smoky, earthy aromas and flavors dominate this full-bodied and firm-textured wine. A muscular, assertive wine, it should taste great with a grilled steak or lamb chop."		88	19	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	One Hope 2013 Merlot (California)	Merlot	One Hope
US	"Lightly flavored with red fruits, it's pleasant but rather generic. It carries some alcohol heat through a thin finish."		86	33	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cave B 2011 Sangiovese (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Cave B
US	"This wine brings aromas and flavors of cherry, coffee, herbs, medicine cabinet and oak spices. The style is reserved, with a seamless, focused feel to the tart cherry and plum flavors that keep the attention on each sip."	g3	91	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Goose Ridge 2012 g3 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Goose Ridge
US	"After starting out quite reduced on first pour, this wine reveals slightly sweet black-fruit flavors. A light grip of tannins provide support."		85	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Drumheller 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Drumheller
France	"The relatively unknown Pezerolles Vineyard is at the far northern end of Pommard, touching Beaune above Les Epenots. It produces wine that seems softer than many Pommards, with rich fruit, the tannins firm but definitely playing second fiddle. It is the smoky plum fruit with just a dash of acidity that makes this immensely pleasing."	Les Pezerolles Premier Cru	91	90	Burgundy	Pommard		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Père & Fils 2006 Les Pezerolles Premier Cru  (Pommard)	Pinot Noir	Bouchard Père & Fils
Spain	"Earthy cherry and plum aromas come with hints of sweet plastic and heat. This is plenty strong on the palate, with just enough elegance and restraint to create a sense of comfort. Ripe berry and plum flavors are syrupy at first then loamy, while the finish is steady and solid. Drink through 2018."	El Templari	90	33	Catalonia	Terra Alta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Celler Bàrbara Forés 2010 El Templari Red (Terra Alta)	Red Blend	Celler Bàrbara Forés
Argentina	"Sweet and syrupy smelling, with maple-covered doughnut and muddled spice and tree bark aromas. The palate is more cutting and acidic than expected, with a sheer mouthfeel and heavy vanilla and oak flavors covering up underdeveloped red fruit notes. Hard, crisp and tannic stuff."	Organic Legacy Old Vines	83	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Caligiore 2008 Organic Legacy Old Vines Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Caligiore
Italy	"Exotic spice, plum, French oak and underbrush aromas lead the nose while the juicy palate offers espresso, raspberry jam and a hint of star anise. It's chewy, with close-grained tannins."	Ziggurat	88	17	Central Italy	Montefalco Rosso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenute Lunelli 2014 Ziggurat  (Montefalco Rosso)	Red Blend	Tenute Lunelli
US	"Labeled dry, this nonetheless carries a hint of sweetness, at 70 g/L residual sugar.  It's fruity and fresh, with melon, citrus and peach prominent. A perfect summer sipping wine."	Dry	88	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2012 Dry Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Chateau Ste. Michelle
France	"A very flowery interpretation with gardenia, freesia and carnations on the nose that carry over to the palate where they merge with fresh orange peel. There's only moderate intensity and complexity here, but the exceptionally pretty nose and the crisp, linear finish make for a nice overall package. Serve with flounder. Should be drunk up in a year or two."	Prestige	85	14	Alsace	Alsace				Cave de Ribeauvillé 2007 Prestige Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Cave de Ribeauvillé
US	"With its rich, tropical fruit, citrus and vanilla flavors, accented by crisp acidity, this is a nice Chardonnay to drink now."	Unoaked	87	17	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Courtney Benham 2012 Unoaked Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Courtney Benham
US	"Though without the richness that has defined California Cab in recent decades, this bottling is more of a classic Old World-leaning expression that is slowly coming back in vogue. Tightly wound blackberry meets with cigar box, dust and dried oregano on the nose, while the palate combines a strong tannic profile and solid acidity with more dried herbs, crushed slate, black olive and dark fruits."	Cote Del Sol Estate Vineyards	92	38	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lucas & Lewellen 2013 Cote Del Sol Estate Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Ynez Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lucas & Lewellen
Argentina	"Fresh, layered aromas of black fruits and licorice are appealing. The palate is full and offers kick, while flavors of berry and plum are fairly rich, spicy and honest for $9 Cabernet. A bit sticky and it falls off on the finish, but overall it's a nice value red."	Elsa Bianchi	87	9	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2010 Elsa Bianchi Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Valentin Bianchi
US	"Cloak & Dagger's film noir styling fits the dark and brooding character of this wine. Cola and graphite aromas mix with fresh blackberry and blueberry on the nose. The palate is well-structured with tangy, plum skin-like acidity while delivering satisfying dark chocolate, black olive and black cherry flavors."	Espionage Bon Niche Vineyard	91	40	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cloak & Dagger 2013 Espionage Bon Niche Vineyard Malbec (Paso Robles)	Malbec	Cloak & Dagger
US	"A consistent stunner vintage after vintage, this elevated Cabernet is velvety smooth and exotically laced in coconut, cola and clove. Mouthfilling and succulent, it's high-toned in approach and balance, despite a fierce concentration of black fruit. The highlights are vanilla, clove and dried herb."	Transcendent	93	150	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Stallion 2012 Transcendent Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Black Stallion
US	"Dry and soft, with the taste of cherry, roasted almond, crunchy granola and fig health candy bar. Enjoyable, but simple. Drink now."	Flood Family Vineyards	84	20	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Rancho Sisquoc 2007 Flood Family Vineyards Merlot (Santa Barbara County)	Merlot	Rancho Sisquoc
US	"Restrained mulberry aromas interweave with scents of turned soil, white pepper and clove on the earthy nose of this bottling. The sip starts with a pleasing softness but quickly grows deeper and more weighty with luxurious tannins, showing hearty red cherry and dried fennel flavors."	Lindsay's	92	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lincourt 2014 Lindsay's Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Lincourt
Germany	"Pressed apple and pear are touched with petrol and crushed rock notes in this savory dry Riesling. More mineral than fruit, it's slightly restrained yet elegant, with a lingering, delicately astringent finish. Drink now through 2019."	Wachenheimer Gerümpel Erste Lage Dry	90	34	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Karl Schaefer 2014 Wachenheimer Gerümpel Erste Lage Dry Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Karl Schaefer
France	"The aroma says wood, and that's what the taste confirms. To go with the wood, there is rounded apricot and peach-flavored fruit, open and rich. The wine has a youthful taut edge, finishing with the greatest acidity."		90	34	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Chalet Pouilly 2007  Pouilly-Fuissé	Chardonnay	Domaine du Chalet Pouilly
France	"A lightly fruity wine that has a soft texture, gentle acidity and a perfumed aftertaste. It is ready to drink with its steely backbone well enmeshed in the fruitiness."	Roi Clovis	85	25	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wunsch & Mann 2012 Roi Clovis Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Wunsch & Mann
Argentina	"Condensed aromas of blackberry, black plum, licorice and marzipan cover both the dark and sweet sides of what full-force Malbec can offer. This feels wide, grabby and spongy, while rich blackberry flavors fold in herbal offsets and sweet prune notes. This feels a bit tartaric and gappy on the finish, but overall it's an excellent Malbec to drink through 2021."		92	50	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Cuarto Dominio 2012 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Cuarto Dominio
South Africa	"There's a sweet, mocha oak streak at the center of this wine, with fruity notes of fleshy black plum and cherry as well as a hint of raspberry sauce. The palate is round and full, followed by astringent tannins that linger on the finish."		87	19	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Beau Joubert 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stellenbosch)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Beau Joubert
France	"There is not just a notion of ripeness but almost of overripeness of pear fruit on the nose, accompanied by hints of honeysuckle. There also are hints of sandalwood and gentle vanilla. The palate is cushioned with mellow residual sweetness, making the rich flavors even more rich and generous. A vein of citrus freshness counters this, but this is in the generous, medium-sweet spectrum, oozing fruit and generosity. The finish, nonetheless, is precise and fresh. A great example of mature Pinot Gris."	Marckrain Grand Cru	93	26	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Michel Fonne 2010 Marckrain Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Michel Fonne
Italy	"Some lovely red wines are coming from the Montecucco wine region (located in coastal Tuscany) and Collemassari leads the pack of this new and exciting group of vintners. Soft cherry, leather, spice, and earthy mineral tones create harmony and momentum."	Riserva	91	28	Tuscany	Montecucco				Collemassari 2007 Riserva  (Montecucco)	Red Blend	Collemassari
Germany	"While the nose reveals only faint whiffs of apples, nuts and brambles, the palate of this off-dry Riesling is crisply concentrated with fresh red apples and tart peaches. It's not a deeply persistent wine, but finishes brisk and bright."	Bin 168	87	12	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Twisted River 2015 Bin 168 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Twisted River
France	"Very young, this is currently all about juicy black fruits and accompanying tannins. It should develop well to give a richly structured wine that has both fruits and a dark, mineral character, hinting at wood aging. Drink from 2018."	Grande Réserve	91	60	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Laur 2012 Grande Réserve Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Laur
South Africa	"Dense, dark and brooding, this forward wine isn't shy about it's powerful black-fruit core or ample woody spice. There's a pleasant mentholated lift to the nose and mouth that help to elevate the wine's inherent richness, with ample tannins and medium acidity lending structure to the palate. Flavors of black raspberry, cigar-box spice and charred oak linger long on the finish. Drink now–2022."	Series C	91	95	Paarl			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Vilafonté 2013 Series C Red (Paarl)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Vilafonté
US	"This has ripe, rewarding blackberry, cherry and oak flavors, wrapped in full-bodied tannins and finished with sweet oak. It's easy to drink with any beef or lamb dish."		86	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Educated Guess 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Educated Guess
US	"As Willamette Valley vintners continually improve and redefine Oregon Chardonnay, a distinctive profile is emerging. This vivid and taut mineral-driven wine could be the poster child. The citrus, apples and pears bring a light touch of baking spices, extended length and surefire ageability. Plus, it's a fine value for a wine of such quality."	Estate	93	34	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Alloro 2014 Estate Chardonnay (Chehalem Mountains)	Chardonnay	Alloro
France	"Soft, gentle fruit of stewed apple shimmers on the nose but on the palate is contained by immense, lemony zestiness. There is real muscle and elegance. The body is dry, slender but concentrated and beautifully clean with inflections of stone. This is a beacon of clarity and clean fruit, shining with a pristine, citrus-kissed purity. Drink 2018–2030."	Zotzenberg Grand Cru	94	34	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Boeckel 2013 Zotzenberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Boeckel
France	"Unusual for a Bordeaux, this is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon. It has plenty of tannins, although they are embedded in the pure black-currant fruits and the acidity. It shows the gentle side of Comtesse—fruit and freshness—although with spice and a touch of wood that are likely to balance soon. The wine will develop well over the next few years. Drink from 2022."		93	120	Bordeaux	Pauillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Pichon Longueville Comtesse de Lalande 2013  Pauillac	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Pichon Longueville Comtesse de Lalande
US	"Delicate whiffs of toast, butterscotch and smoke meander from nose to palate in this remarkably focused, elegant wine. Lime and pear flavors are vivacious and bright, meandering long on the finish."	Barrel Fermented	89	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Brooklyn Winery 2013 Barrel Fermented Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Brooklyn Winery
Italy	"A great pairing partner to pizzas or cheesy pastas, Tribolo has the high acidity and alcohol to wash your palate clean of fatty foods. It ends with bright notes of cherry, cassis and cola."	Tribolo	88	27	Tuscany	Montecucco				Poggio Stenti 2009 Tribolo  (Montecucco)	Sangiovese	Poggio Stenti
Spain	"Charred, minty black-fruit aromas include shoe polish, leather and earth notes. At first, this is plush in feel, but in no time it becomes hard as stone, with fierce tannins. Minty, oaky flavors of mixed spices and herbal blackberry are earthy and brawny on the finish, with punishing tannins. Drink 2018–2035."	Expresión	91	75	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alidis 2011 Expresión  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Alidis
Argentina	"An earthy heavily oaked nose includes jammy notes of spiced black plum. A thick beefy chewy palate delivers savory herbal black-fruit flavors. A blocky finish is tannic, and overall the sum is about equal to its parts. Drink through 2021."	Finca Castro Barros	90	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Enrique Foster 2011 Finca Castro Barros Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Enrique Foster
US	"Principally sourced from the winery's oldest block of Cabernet Sauvignon, this offers a solid core of dense black cherry and cassis fruit. There's a streak of cola and sassafras, and the wine seems to lighten up as it sails into the finish. The blend includes 10% Cabernet Franc and 5% Petit Verdot."	Reserve	90	42	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kiona 2010 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Kiona
Portugal	"Full of blackberry fruits and ripe tannins, this wine is spicy and with a perfumed character. It does have a dry core of structure to it along with rich fruits and the smoothing effect of wood aging. This is still developing and likely to be ready to drink from 2017."		88	30	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cortes de Cima 2013 Syrah (Alentejano)	Syrah	Cortes de Cima
Italy	"Intense fragrances suggest blue flower, leather, truffle, ripe black fruit and spice. The savory palate delivers layers of sweet black cherry, crushed plum, black pepper, mocha and baking spices alongside firm, velvety tannins and fresh acidty. It's already accessible but will develop more complexity. Drink 2015–2025. North Berkeley Imports, Glazer's."	Corte Vaona	93	70	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Novaia 2010 Corte Vaona  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Novaia
US	"A curious combination of smoky and herbaceous, Predator is from old vines but tastes slightly thin and nondescript."	Old Vine	81	15	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Predator 2012 Old Vine Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Predator
US	"A beautifully rich and rewarding expression of tropical fruit and creamy texture, this estate white spends nine months in large French oak casks and is selected from the best lots. Supporting acidity keeps it refreshing in waves of lime and grapefruit."	Essence Miljenko's Selection Estate Grown	92	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Grgich Hills 2015 Essence Miljenko's Selection Estate Grown Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Grgich Hills
US	"Powerful spice and charred wood aromas and flavors dominate this full-bodied wine blended with 13% Zinfandel. It is quite unusual for the type, if tasty in its own way. Flavors resemble toasted bread, cloves and blackberry jam."		84	14	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Old Soul 2013 Pinot Noir (Lodi)	Pinot Noir	Old Soul
New Zealand	"This wine from the Loire-based Bourgeois family marries impressive ripeness with bright, red-fruit flavors. Vanilla and oak spice accent pomegranate and red-currant notes, then add a velvety texture to the long finish. Drink now–2024."		90	33	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Clos Henri 2014 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Clos Henri
US	"This is a rich and powerful blend of 50% Zinfandel, 25% Syrah and 25% Petite Sirah. Quite dark and dense, it offers boisterous aromas of boysenberry and blackberry along with espresso, caramel and a bit of graphite. The palate is extremely juicy with vanilla, caramel and blackberry pie, a bit overwhelming but very hedonistic."	Marteau Rouge	88	32	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Arndt 2014 Marteau Rouge Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Arndt
Italy	"Rustic aromas recall wet earth, barnyard and leather with a whiff of ripe, black fruit. The thick palate is rather muddled and delivers both sweet and bitter sensations of prune, overripe black plum, confectionary flavors, vanilla and notes of resin alongside astringent tannins that dry out the mouth."	Podere Cariano	86	35	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Bertarole 2010 Podere Cariano  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Le Bertarole
US	"Despite significant youthful tannins this Cab has such deep, ripe flavor that you can drink it now. The mouthfeel is astringent and hard, in the way of a young wine, but waves of cherries, blackberries and currants flatter the tastebuds, and it also softens as it warms up in the glass. A beautiful, polished drink that should develop over the next eight years."	Diamond Mountain Ranch	92	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Sterling 2005 Diamond Mountain Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sterling
Italy	"Made entirely with Merlot, this isn't very expressive, offering aromas and flavors that suggest black-skinned fruit along with whiffs of tangerine and baking spice. It's extremely simple, with loose-knit tannins. Drink soon."	Voltaccia 49	85	25	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio al Chiuso 2014 Voltaccia 49 Merlot (Toscana)	Merlot	Poggio al Chiuso
US	"Ripe and heady in black currants, cassis liqueur, blackberry pie and mocha flavors, this Cab's high alcohol gives it a soft mellow mouthfeel, as well as some heat in the finish. With velvety tannins, it will pair well with a great steak."		89	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Frazier 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frazier
France	"The second wine of Château Fonplégade is fresh and bright with good fruits, berry flavors and some richness. It has good poise; ready to drink in 2–3 years."	Fleur de Fonplégade	87	45	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Fonplégade 2007 Fleur de Fonplégade  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Fonplégade
Chile	"A solid wine with a good mix of herbal, cola and red-fruit aromas. It deals spanking red fruit flavors and a sprinkle of vanilla and chocolate on the racy finish. For a short, fresh and clean wine, Aresti's Cab makes the grade."	Reserve	86	14	Rio Claro			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2005 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rio Claro)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Aresti
Germany	"Unctuous mango and peach flavors are accented by hints of candle wax and dried herbs on this delicate but intensely concentrated Riesling. Silky and sweet in texture, it's brightened by streaks of orange acidity and touches of saffron and lemon peel that linger on the finish."	Oestrich Lenchen Auslese	91	65	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Peter Jakob Kühn 2011 Oestrich Lenchen Auslese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Peter Jakob Kühn
US	"Unusual for a brut style, this wine has a pale salmon color. It tastes fresh, dry and appetizing. Light cherry and peach notes are lifted by a crisp texture and fine effervescence."	Brut	88	25	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Breathless NV Brut Sparkling (North Coast)	Sparkling Blend	Breathless
US	"This 100% varietal wine opens with a strong bouquet of black licorice, maybe even fennel, before big, boisterous tannins stomp the stage. Full bodied and exuberant in blackberry and black cherry, the oak is measured. A backbone of structure could stand up to aging."	Terra A Lago	90	40	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Murphy-Goode 2012 Terra A Lago Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Murphy-Goode
US	"Starts with a burst of fresh, clean lemon aroma, and turns zesty and bright in the mouth, offering waves of Meyer lemon and golden mango. A superior Chardonnay at a good price."		92	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Zahtila 2009 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Zahtila
US	"From a selection of sites within the appellation, this approachable wine is dusty and grippy, with strong flavors of chocolate, plum and blackberry. Firm rounded tannins make for an enjoyable experience. The finish just slightly smoky and seasoned in black pepper."		88	28	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rodney Strong 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rodney Strong
Spain	"A ripe and spicy blend of Tempranillo, Cabernet and Merlot from Somontano, an improving region near the Pyrenees. Licorice and spicy oak scents accent the nose, while the palate pulses with raspberry, currant and barrel-based vanilla. Shows good drive before finishing mildly drying and resiny."	Tempranillo-Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot	87	14	Northern Spain	Somontano		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Olvena 2004 Tempranillo-Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot Red (Somontano)	Red Blend	Olvena
US	"This is a stellar deal, so buy and drink up now. Lime blossom, ripe nectarine, lemongrass and wet gravel aromas show on the nose. The palate is focused and grassy, fleshed out with ripe stone fruit and layers of lime peel and rain-drenched cement. Elegant yet approachable."		90	15	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Gainey 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Gainey
US	"This is a soft, simple Chardonnay, sugary sweet in vanilla, caramel, peach and pineapple jam and spice flavors. A good coat of acidity provides needed balance."	Elegance	84	25	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Manzanita Creek 2010 Elegance Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Manzanita Creek
France	"Produced from 100% Niellucciu (Sangiovese), this wine is packed with intense acidity plus citrus and red-berry fruits. It is tangy and refreshing with its tight, bright aftertaste. Drink now."		88	30	France Other	Corse		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos Poggiale 2015 Rosé (Corse)	Rosé	Clos Poggiale
Italy	"Made from native grape Pallagrello Nero along with 5% Aglianico and 5% Casavecchia, this robust wine opens with aromas of black fruit, earth, game, leather and black spice. The dense palate delivers rich blackberry, black cherry and black pepper, with robust tannins and a solid acidic backbone. Drink after 2016."	Sabbie di Sopra il Bosco	90	75	Southern Italy	Terre del Volturno		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Nanni Copè 2012 Sabbie di Sopra il Bosco Red (Terre del Volturno)	Red Blend	Nanni Copè
France	"An elegant wine that has some maturity, even though the tannins are still firm. It shows considerable fresh acidity, giving a fresh feel to the black currant fruits. Light spiciness adds extra interest. It's ready to drink now and until 2022."		90	66	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Vray Croix de Gay 2008  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Vray Croix de Gay
Italy	"This wine opens with slightly rustic, leafy aromas that blow off in the glass to reveal mature black fruit and spice. The soft palate offers up ripe black cherry, blackberry and cinnamon. It's round and ready so enjoy soon."	Le Masse di Greve Riserva	89	35	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Lanciola 2009 Le Masse di Greve Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Lanciola
France	"Four parcels in the Clos du Roi Premier Cru go into this wine. It is structured and firm—a wine for aging. It has a strongly mineral character, concentrated tannins as well as black-cherry fruit and freshening acidity. Drink the wine from 2018."	Château de Chamirey Clos du Roi Premier Cru	90	50	Burgundy	Mercurey		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2014 Château de Chamirey Clos du Roi Premier Cru  (Mercurey)	Pinot Noir	Domaines Devillard
Greece	"Allspice and plum aromas are followed by flavors of vanilla, dark cherry, smoke and cocoa in this young but friendly red from the north. Fine tannins and an elegant herbal finish give the wine finesse. A good entree into Greek reds for myriad palates."	Oenodea Cabernet Sauvignon-Agiorgitiko-Syrah	87	14	Drama			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Domaine Costa Lazaridi 2012 Oenodea Cabernet Sauvignon-Agiorgitiko-Syrah Red (Drama)	Red Blend	Domaine Costa Lazaridi
France	"Slightly funky notions appear first: There's a hint of reduction but this, thankfully, blows off. Underneath sits a very sprightly, very fresh wine that pits fruity apple mellowness against total, dry freshness. This has a concentrated core, the aromas are still a little tinged by the flinty, smoky hints of reduction but this will stand them in good stead for cellar age. Give this some time. Drink 2020–2030."	Hengst Grand Cru	93	46	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Barmès-Buecher 2014 Hengst Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Barmès-Buecher
Chile	"Saucy berry, sweaty leather and soupy aromas control the bouquet on this wine that's not holding up well. In the mouth, it searches for balance, while flavors of rubber, stewed plum and mealy berry finish with jolt of lingering acidity."	Herú	84	45	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ventisquero 2010 Herú Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ventisquero
US	"An exuberantly ripe, fruity Cabernet, brimming with polished flavors of blackberries, cherries, currants and sweet smoky oak. Shows a fine enough structure of crispness and firm tannins for balance."	Estate	87	25	California	Lodi	Central Valley			Mettler Family Vineyards 2006 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mettler Family Vineyards
US	"A pretty good rosé, full-bodied and robust in black cherry, strawberry, Dr. Pepper cola, rosehip tea and spice flavors. It finishes a little sweet."	Heritage Tree Vineyard Rosé of	85	20	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			D.H. Gustafson 2010 Heritage Tree Vineyard Rosé of Syrah (Dry Creek Valley)	Syrah	D.H. Gustafson
US	"From the Hahn family of wines comes this solid representation of the appellation, with dark cherry, wet slate and soft mint on the nose. The mouthfeel is soft and comforting, with tight raspberry fruit and a clove-like spice note carrying through the entire sip, culminating in a mouthwatering black-pepper finish."	Lone Oak Vineyard	92	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lucienne 2012 Lone Oak Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Lucienne
US	"A sweet, rather heavy wine. Cabernets hardly get riper than this, with its massive, jammy cherry, raspberry and blackberry fruit. Delicious, but one-dimensional. Drink now."		86	35	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Mauritson 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mauritson
US	"Thin and lean, with herb, tobacco and cherry skin flavors that finish dry and sharp. Drink up."	Selected Vineyards	81	10	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Concannon 2007 Selected Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Concannon
Greece	"This rosé starts with scents of anise, pepper and spice, followed by an earthy array of spice and cranberry and cherry flavors. Exotic but refined, the wine will pair well with aged cheeses and beef."	Kanenas	89	19	Greece			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Tsantali 2015 Kanenas Rosé (Greece)	Rosé	Tsantali
France	"Made from old vines, this is a blend of Syrah and Négrette, with some Cabernet Sauvignon to give extra structure. It has fresh juiciness, with red plum and berry flavors, a touch of sweet chocolate, the wood aging well judged to leave the clarity of the fruit."	Optimum	90	22	Southwest France	Fronton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bellevue la Forêt 2004 Optimum Red (Fronton)	Red Blend	Château Bellevue la Forêt
Italy	"La Grola is an opulent and luscious blended wine from Verona and this particular expression offers extra aromas of cured beef, leather and earth over a generous base of black fruit and spice. It shows soft, fine tannins that would pair with smoked ham."	La Grola	90	28	Veneto	Veronese				Allegrini 2006 La Grola Red (Veronese)	Red Blend	Allegrini
US	"The cool 2010 vintage seems to have taken a toll on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc. It's distinctly herbal with dry, astringent tannins and the fruit unable to stand up to the oak."	Ruah	85	18	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Desert Wind 2010 Ruah Red (Wahluke Slope)	Red Blend	Desert Wind
Austria	"This is beautiful, herbaceous Sauvigon Blanc, the signature grape of Styria, in a fine, ripe version, all rich fruits, green apple juice, fresh berries and lively acidity. Glass stopper."	Steirische Klassik	89	25	Südsteiermark			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Sattlerhof 2006 Steirische Klassik Sauvignon Blanc (Südsteiermark)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sattlerhof
France	The wine is dense with fine concentration and a solid dry tannin character at the back. It is full of black fruits and balanced acidity. Its richness reflects the quality of the vintage and its aging potential. Drink from 2022.	Les Chaillots Premier Cru	92	80	Burgundy	Aloxe-Corton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2015 Les Chaillots Premier Cru  (Aloxe-Corton)	Pinot Noir	Louis Latour
US	"An explosion of gooseberry comes first, followed by layers of creamy apricot fuzz and lemongrass, trailed by Lake County's typical acidity. This has balance and texture."		86	16	California	Lake County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Shannon Ridge 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Lake County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Shannon Ridge
US	"This is a remarkably affordable find, so good in its red-fruited, tangy acidity and spiciness on the palate. Dried herb and pencil lie beneath bigger, bolder swathes of blackberry and cherry. This wine has a large presence but shows structure and balance."		93	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Stack House 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stack House
Argentina	"Heavy oak aromas are dominant in this wine. Drawing in feel and showing a high level of tartaric acid on the palate, this tastes woody and resiny, with blackberry flavors ending on menthol and heat."	Premium Reserve	85	17	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Piattelli 2013 Premium Reserve Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Piattelli
US	"Proprietor Jon McDaniel, a sommelier, has crafted a Pinot Noir that's modest in alcohol and brisk in acidity, with an elegantly earthy touch. It's rich in cherries, pomegranates and dried herbs, a wine to savor and linger over as it warms up in the glass."	Shepherd Anderson Creek Vineyard	92	32	California	Anderson Valley				Amos Cellars 2010 Shepherd Anderson Creek Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Amos Cellars
US	"This is a blend of nearly 86% Cabernet Sauvignon and the remainder Cabernet Franc. A floral nose of violet and rose appeals before a sizable intake of grippy leather, sage and cranberry provides a tart, thick and gritty core."	Bella's	85	48	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ehret 2011 Bella's Red (Knights Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Ehret
Chile	"Smells roasted and spicy, with an herbal, brushy character. Tannic and tight in the mouth, with pinching grip and flavors of herbal plum and berry. The finish turns up fresh tomato and drying tannins. Seems high in red fruit acidity."	Gran Reserva	86	18	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Morandé 2009 Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Morandé
Spain	"Chunky stone-fruit aromas are ripe, mature and indicative that this Chardonnay is about to start fading. Heavy, honeyed flavors of nectarine and apple finish with a note of oxidation, mild barrel spice and just enough acidity to maintain balance. Drink now."	Milmanda	88	65	Catalonia	Conca de Barberà		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Torres 2012 Milmanda Chardonnay (Conca de Barberà)	Chardonnay	Torres
US	"As peppery as a jalapeño, with persistent spiciness, this wine offers high-octane ripeness and a healthy cradling of oak, finishing with a touch of heat."		84	18	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	The Federalist 2015 Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	The Federalist
France	"White Rully is one of the unsung values of Burgundy. This soft, attractive ripe wine is a pleasure to drink. It has a buttery, toast character along with crisp acidity, delicious apricot fruit and a mouthwatering aftertaste."		88	20	Burgundy	Rully		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2007  Rully	Chardonnay	Joseph Drouhin
US	"Deep cherry, sagebrush and cola are laid across wet slate and purple flowers on a complex nose in this appellation-wide blend from Richard Sanford's team. Crushed wild herbs, like mint, sage, thyme and pine needle are prominent on the palate, backed up by a splash of red fruit."		91	40	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Alma Rosa 2013 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Alma Rosa
Italy	"Reale (100% Merlot) offers sweet cherry and raspberry aromas with light touches of spice and toasted almond in the background. This ruby colored wine offers an easy, fresh and lean feel in the mouth."	Reale	86	30	Tuscany	Toscana				Fattoria la Castellina 2008 Reale Merlot (Toscana)	Merlot	Fattoria la Castellina
Italy	"Fragrant and elegantly structured, this poised Sangiovese opens with aromas of pressed violet, wild berry and a whiff of dark baking spice. The palate delivers black cherry, crushed raspberry, white pepper and clove alongside polished tannins."	Monsenese Riserva	90	34	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Leonino 2011 Monsenese Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	San Leonino
France	"This wine is structured with red fruits. It has a thin texture, a metallic character that is less pleasant. It needs more weight and richness."	Aux Gravains Premier Cru	85	50	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Pierre Guillemot 2014 Aux Gravains Premier Cru  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Pierre Guillemot
US	"Awkward, showing overripe, Porty flavors and undesirable sweetness. There's a sugary undertow to the blackberry jam, prune and raisin flavors."	Pagani Ranch	83	35	California	California	California Other			Ridge 2008 Pagani Ranch Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Ridge
US	"This well-made wine lies on the crisper, lighter-bodied style of the equation, softly textured and lengthy in that brightness of acidity. Anise, Good & Plenty and shocks of nutmeg provide intriguing notes of spiciness that complement the tartness of preserved lemon and green apple."	Grace Benoit Ranch Estate Grown	91	32	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Etude 2014 Grace Benoit Ranch Estate Grown Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Etude
US	"The overall impression is of under-ripe fruit, with flavors of rhubarb, cranberry and very sour cherry. It's tannic as well, and set on a thin frame. Drink up."	Satisfaction	85	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amalie Robert 2012 Satisfaction Syrah (Willamette Valley)	Syrah	Amalie Robert
Australia	"A fairly full-bodied, broad wine, with aromas and flavors of honeyed peach and pineapple. Could use a little length to its finish and complexity to its flavors, but this is a pleasant, easy-drinking style."	Reserve	85	21	New South Wales	Hunter Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Tyrrell's 2006 Reserve Chardonnay (Hunter Valley)	Chardonnay	Tyrrell's
US	"Though just 12% alcohol, this wine is ripe and vibrant, with a thrilling bouquet of violets, cranberries and fresh herbs. Light and delicate, perfectly balanced and complex, with a whiff of chocolate in the finish."	Carter Vineyard	90	50	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2010 Carter Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
US	"Aromas of yellow melon, faint wood and just a touch of nuttiness greet the nose on this bottling from Daniel LeFrancois' globetrotting brand. Barrel smoke hits the front of the palate, then evolves into golden pear and marzipan with a slightly oxidized but pleasant finish."		87	25	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wine Spots 2013 Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	Wine Spots
US	"Bright minerality wraps around a taste of wet stone and unctuous, buttery apple in this silky smooth and well-integrated wine. Lemon rind and brioche each make strong companions to the concentrated richness and ripeness of the finish."		90	42	California	Los Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mi Sueño 2013 Chardonnay (Los Carneros)	Chardonnay	Mi Sueño
France	"Ripe while also juicy, this is a fruity wine that is full of red fruits and a spicy texture from wood aging. Drink from 2019."	Château Godard Bellevue	87	22	Bordeaux	Francs Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignobles Arno 2014 Château Godard Bellevue  (Francs Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Vignobles Arno
US	"Made up of 82% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Malbec and 3% Petit Verdot, this is a still-tight expression of raspberry and cassis that veers into graphite and cedar, earthy on the back palate. Shining in Rutherford's classic dustiness, this wine can develop further in the bottle and in the glass, so let it open."		88	80	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pine Ridge 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pine Ridge
France	"This is an austere wine that's tough on the palate and with high acidity. The black currant fruitiness is still developing, so the wine shouldn't be drunk before 2016."		85	17	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Recougne 2011  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Recougne
US	"In Coelho's revamped lineup, Renovação has double the residual sugar of the entry-level Pinot Gris, clocking in at 10 g/L. Fleshed out with riper fruit, it recalls apple, pear and peach and is interspersed with honeycomb notes, resulting in a round, ripe mouthfeel that is very satisfying."	Renovação	90	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coelho 2016 Renovação Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Coelho
France	"Sourced from 50+ year-old vines in the commune of Sorgues, this aromatic blend of 60% Grenache, 20% Syrah and 20% Mourvèdre boasts hints of rosemary, bay leaf and clove. It's reasonably full bodied, with a long, drying finish that demands another year or two in the cellar or (preferably) some rare beef or lamb."	Cuvée Setier	90	27	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône Villages		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château Pégau 2013 Cuvée Setier Red (Côtes du Rhône Villages)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château Pégau
Austria	"The nose does not give away much, but the palate is a spray of fresh citrus zest. This is light, taut and refreshing. Drink soon."		87	19	Wiener Gemischter Satz			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Mayer am Pfarrplatz 2014 White (Wiener Gemischter Satz)	White Blend	Mayer am Pfarrplatz
Spain	"Piercing woody aromas are about all you get on the nose of this barrel-fermented blend of Viura and Tempranillo Blanco. The palate is crisp, tight and resiny, while overtly woody flavors outweigh background white-fruit notes. A resiny flavor is front and center on a barrel-driven finish."		86	21	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Otano 2014 White (Rioja)	White Blend	Viña Otano
France	"A wine with just the right Meursault opulence already the dominant character. The wine is fat, ripe, not losing sight of acidity or freshness, combining yellow fruits with a crisp, citrus final streak."		87	60	Burgundy	Meursault		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2007  Meursault	Chardonnay	Chanson Père et Fils
US	"There's lots of forward raspberry, cherry and pomegranate fruit in this soft, lush wine. Oak brings an additional layer of richness. It's delicious—like toast spread with butter and jam—but a little one-dimensional. However, it's a wonderful dimension to explore now."		87	35	California	Anderson Valley				Baxter 2009 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Baxter
France	"A firm, dry wine with good fruit, featuring touches of blackberry along with a solid tannic core. It's a wine for the medium-term, say 2–4 years."		84	9	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de la Bouyère 2011  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de la Bouyère
Spain	"Waxy peach and apple aromas come with a leesy cookie-like component. This is 50% each Sauvignon Blanc and Garnacha Blanca, and it feels both plump and watery. Flavors of quince and apple are diluted and distant, while the finish is mild."	Organic	84	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Navardia 2014 Organic White (Rioja)	White Blend	Navardia
US	"Sweet vanilla mingles with ripe cherries and plums on the nose and palate of this supple, soft Long Island Merlot. Bright acidity and a hint of green, leafy herbs add freshness on the palate. Finishes on a slightly grippy, tannic note."		85	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Castello di Borghese 2006 Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Castello di Borghese
Argentina	"Sophisticated barrel aromas of butterscotch, dusty peach and apple cider are inviting, while the palate shows good intensity along with flavors of apple, pineapple, peach and vanilla. While this is toasty, well-oaked and modern in style, it avoids being heavy and flat. Still, drink now for optimum balance."	Reserva	88	17	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terrazas de Los Andes 2007 Reserva Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Terrazas de Los Andes
Austria	"Made from Zweigelt, this has a soft feel along with lively acidity. Its raspberry flavor is paired with a note of orange peel while the wine finishes with a touch of spice. Scewcap."	Blanc de Noir Select	86	17	Niederösterreich			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dürnberg 2011 Blanc de Noir Select Rosé (Niederösterreich)	Rosé	Dürnberg
Italy	"Located high in the hills of central Sicily, Regaleali is one of the south's leaders. Tasca is the famil name, and their huge estate, replete with the latest technology, continues to impress. This basic red proves to be a very solid everyday wine, featuring flavors of plum, spice, and a touch of mint. Perfect balance with a long finish ensures its success. Best Buy"	Regaleali	90	12	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Tasca d'Almerita 1997 Regaleali Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Tasca d'Almerita
France	"Crisp, tight and full of fruit, this is a lively apéritif style of wine from Vignobles Siozard. A tangy texture gives the wine great lift and adds to its drinkability. Drink now."		87	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Claouset 2016 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Domaine du Claouset
Italy	"The aromas of this plump, round wine include cherry, vanilla, spice and coffee, but there are also some slightly greenish tones. The wine has smooth tannins with good freshness and length."		88	38	Tuscany	Bolgheri				Grattamacco 2004  Bolgheri	Red Blend	Grattamacco
Austria	"A beautifully perfumed wine, with aromas of white flowers and white fruits. It's rich and full of complex ripe fruits, with a smooth texture. Intense acidity marks the finish. Screwcap."	Innere Bergen	91	27	Niederösterreich			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Zull 2011 Innere Bergen Riesling (Niederösterreich)	Riesling	Zull
US	"So sugary sweet, it might be a dessert wine. A blend of Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Muscat Canelli and Gewürztraminer, it's fruity and spicy and honeyed, brightened with crisp acidity."	Bella Luna	85	16	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Ferrari-Carano 2011 Bella Luna White (Sonoma County)	White Blend	Ferrari-Carano
France	"Still firm, this wine is dominated by tannin and dark fruit, with a dry core typical of this Pommard vineyard. The red and dark plum-fruit flavors are developing slowly and the wine needs time to balance. Drink from 2019."	Les Rugiens Premier Cru	91	109	Burgundy	Pommard		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter 2013 Les Rugiens Premier Cru  (Pommard)	Pinot Noir	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter
US	"In this straightforward quaffer, aromas of pear, melon and apple lead to off-dry fruit flavors with a full feel. The flavor concentration is light but it still provides easy drinking enjoyment."	Estate Bottled	85	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Goose Ridge 2014 Estate Bottled Pinot Gris (Columbia Valley (WA))	Pinot Gris	Goose Ridge
Italy	"Here's a rich, chocolaty Sangiovese (with 10% Cabernet Sauvignon) from central Tuscany with cheerful notes of wild berries and cherries that make for a sophisticated but cheerful wine. It boasts good intensity and power and has enough body and natural crispness to match most meat dishes."	Gagliole	91	85	Tuscany	Colli della Toscana Centrale				Gagliole 2007 Gagliole Sangiovese (Colli della Toscana Centrale)	Sangiovese	Gagliole
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon (71%) is in the lead here followed by Merlot (24%) and Cabernet Franc. Brooding aromas of herb, smoke, cherry and spice are followed by an elegantly styled palate. Lightly crunchy tannins and tart acids provide support. It's a very pretty expression of this esteemed vineyard."	DuBrul Vineyard	91	85	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Owen Roe 2014 DuBrul Vineyard Red (Yakima Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Owen Roe
US	"This tiny boutique does well with thick and heavy wines that frequently top 15% alcohol. This sweet, syrupy Syrah is loaded with blueberries, chocolate, licorice and espresso flavors. Nothing shy here, but it delivers a lot of flavor for the price."		88	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Passion Vineyards 2009 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Passion Vineyards
US	"De Villiers is one of Calera's newest vineyards, and whether it's a warmer site or simply comprised of showier clones, it's forward in raspberry and cherry jam flavors, with lots of sweet, caramelized oak. The finish is long and sweet in fruit, and the alcohol is well below 14% by volume."	de Villiers Vineyard	89	42	California	Mt. Harlan	Central Coast			Calera 2010 de Villiers Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mt. Harlan)	Pinot Noir	Calera
US	A rich mouthfeel and considerable sweetness come with oaky spicy aromas and jammy fruit flavors in this full-bodied and rather tannic wine that was blended from mostly Zinfandel and Cabernet Sauvignon.	Flock	87	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	One 2015 Flock Red (California)	Red Blend	One
US	"Soft, sweet and high in alcohol, with candied berry flavors and an unripe hint of vegetables."		82	34	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Pomar Junction 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pomar Junction
US	"This has a strong start with aromas of black fruits and licorice. It's rather light in color, with fruit flavors of ripe raspberry and a little funk in the finish."	Estate Grown	85	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	StoneCap 2011 Estate Grown Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	StoneCap
Argentina	"Smoky and big on the nose, with crusty black-fruit flavors backing that up. The wine is less deep and more hard and scratchy than some Mendoza Malbecs, but it's solid and sure-footed even if the mouthfeel is stark. Probably better with food than others due to its leaner, less opulent style."		87	19	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Felipe Rutini 2006 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Felipe Rutini
Portugal	"There is some of the mineral character that is typical of the Douro in this black-fruit-laden wine. It has acidity and tannins and a stalky, juicy character that keeps it crisp. The wine is ready to drink now."	Bote	85	8	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casca Wines 2015 Bote Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Casca Wines
Italy	"Big and bold, this opens with aromas of ripe berry, leather, forest floor, truffle and a whiff of aromatic herb. The muscular palate offers crushed black cherry, blackberry, cinnamon, anise and a hint of thyme framed in assertive but ripe tannins. Thanks to the juicy fruit flavors, you'll on barely detect the warmth of alcohol on the close."		92	48	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Caprili 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Caprili
France	"Light, bright and fruity, this has soft tannins, plenty of red fruits and balancing acidity. Just dry to finish, it is ready to drink now."	Le Renard	85	22	Burgundy	Givry		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2010 Le Renard  (Givry)	Pinot Noir	Domaines Devillard
Italy	"This blend of Sangiovese and Merlot from Tuscany is a bit closed, but it reveals subtle underbrush and violet aromas along with raspbberry and black cherry flavors. Pair this with pasta topped with meat sauces."	Dardo	86	12	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vignemastre 2010 Dardo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Vignemastre
New Zealand	"This is a big, rich style of Pinot, with toast, vanilla and bacon marking the nose. While the palate delivers more black cherry fruit, it still remains savory overall. It's slightly chewy on the finish, so drink 2017–2025."	Rachel	92	55	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Seresin 2012 Rachel Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Seresin
Italy	"You'll find aromas suggesting weedy underbrush, porcini mushroom, raw oak and dried sage on this bracing wine. The medium-bodied palate shows toast, unripe cherry and star anise alongside extremely astringent tannins."		87	45	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Monti 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Monti
Italy	"There's a note of wet earth or rubber that emerges from the bouquet before the fruit tones do. Once the wine is given more time in the glass, dried prune and cassis come through. This wine's tight, compact style would pair with most easy meat dishes."	Renesio Riserva	85	46	Piedmont	Roero				Malvirà 2007 Renesio Riserva  (Roero)	Nebbiolo	Malvirà
Ukraine	"On the nose, this nonvintage sparkler from the Ukraine has primary notes of yeast and freshly baked bread There are soft flavors of green apple and peach in the mouth with gentle persistent bubbles."	Brut	83	10	Ukraine			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Marengo NV Brut Sparkling (Ukraine)	Sparkling Blend	Marengo
US	"Creamy bubbles pour from the bottle on this reliably solid sparkler, with aromas of Meyer-lemon zest, gray slate, wet concrete, crushed white rocks and a shade of nectarine. The palate is yeasty with sourdough elements dominant, alongside shreds of red apple, lemon juice and tangerine rinds."	Cork Jumper Rosé Blanc de Noirs	90	45	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Riverbench 2012 Cork Jumper Rosé Blanc de Noirs Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Riverbench
US	"This is an excellent rosé with some red-wine character showing through the pale-salmon color and fresh fruitiness. It has slightly meaty, spicy and cherry-like flavors, a good balance between medium body and firm acidity, and a nice tangy finish."		90	20	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Navarro 2016 Rosé (Mendocino)	Rosé	Navarro
France	"Rich black fruits are supported by a dark structure and intensely juicy, youthful acidity. It is powerful, ripe and full of potential. Definitely young with its exuberant fruit, it is going to need serious aging. Drink this wine from 2020."		95	262	Burgundy	Echézeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roche de Bellene 2011  Echézeaux	Pinot Noir	Roche de Bellene
US	"This graceful wine, from a cool vintage, nicely expresses the more elegant side of Pinot Noir. There are ample fruit flavors of plum, cherry and blueberry, and a pleasantly musky note overlays the maturing fruit. It's rolling along smoothly into a fully integrated finish. Drink now through 2020."	Estate	90	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Carlton Hill 2011 Estate Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Carlton Hill
Italy	"Made with organic grapes, this easygoing Merlot is designed for health-conscious vegans and vegetarians. The wine offers sharp berry and cherry flavors with a thin, citrusy close."	Terra Summa	83	12	Veneto	Piave				Pizzolato 2009 Terra Summa Merlot (Piave)	Merlot	Pizzolato
US	"This one-time-only blanc de blancs is made from a Stony Hill Chardonnay clone planted in a single block of the producer's vineyard—since planted to Pinot Noir. This sparkler is sublime, the mousse silky and speckled in minerality. Lemon, pear and brine combine to good effect on the palate, buoying the exuberant fragrances of orange peel and cream pie."	Cuvée M	94	62	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Iron Horse 2010 Cuvée M Chardonnay (Green Valley)	Chardonnay	Iron Horse
Italy	"Giuseppe Nada and his son Enrico have produced an earthy and gripping Barbaresco, with floral, truffle aromas punctuated with Alpine herbs. The palate shows layers of dark cherry-berry fruit, balsamic notes of sage and mint, all backed up by a firmly tannic backbone. Best after 2016."	Casot	92	30	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Nada Giuseppe 2010 Casot  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Nada Giuseppe
US	"A very elaborate Chardonnay showing flavors of exotic fruits, spices, buttered toast and cream. Charred oak and acidity currently dominate, making the wine a little rigid, but a year or two in bottle should soften and sweeten."	Ritchie Vineyard	90	50	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Bjornstad 2006 Ritchie Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Bjornstad
Italy	"This is a bright selection, showing wild cherry, leather and balsamic notes alongside hints of well-integrated oak, pepper and espresso. It's not complex but it has a silky texture and is enjoyable now. Michael Skurnik Wines, Estate Wines."		89	25	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Cinciole 2010  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Le Cinciole
US	"Very young now and a bit rude, with upfront primary fruit flavors of cherries, black raspberries and new oak. Needs time for all the parts to knit together. Cellar through 2009, at least, and should hold for a while afterward."	Stone Vineyard	88	60	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Hawkes 2005 Stone Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hawkes
US	"Crisp green apple meets rounded yellow pear on the nose of this 100% Chardonnay sparkler. Weighty and round on the palate, fine bubbles lift up the flavors of lemon pastry and apple blossom, finishing clean and lightly toasty."	Blanc de Blanc Brut	89	24	Virginia	Monticello		Alexander Peartree		Trump 2009 Blanc de Blanc Brut Sparkling (Monticello)	Sparkling Blend	Trump
US	"A celebratory, medium-bodied comingling of stone fruit and green apple, this wine delights in its nicely integrated notions of structure and weight. It is ultimately succulent and satisfying."	Silver Spur Limited Production	90	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jamieson Ranch 2015 Silver Spur Limited Production Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Jamieson Ranch
US	"A simple Syrah, with decent cherry, licorice and tobacco flavors that finish quick. It's dry and clean, and a certain elegance makes it a nice pairing with a wide variety of fare."	Steinbeck Vineyard	85	21	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Eberle 2009 Steinbeck Vineyard Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Eberle
Italy	"Cecchi's Coevo is a wonderful super Tuscan blend that costs half as much as the other cult wines in this elite category. The wine is rich, opulent, intense and extremely focused in terms of its aromatic delivery and the mouthfeel is long, textured and rich."	Coevo	94	58	Tuscany	Toscana				Cecchi 2007 Coevo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Cecchi
France	"With an edge of tannin and with sweet strawberry fruits, this Doublet family clairet is an attractive wine. Dark pink in color, it appears and tastes rich. With its peppery aftertaste, this has to be a wine designed for food."		86	17	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Clairet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Vignol 2016  Bordeaux Clairet	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Vignol
US	"There's something transformative about Foxen's winemaking. This smells of smoldering clove cigarettes, set against concentrated pomegranate and cranberry juice. The flavor follow an impressive arc, with Bing and sour cherry sliding into savory Italian herbs. It ends with a tongue-tickling wash of light yet coating tannins and bright acidity."	Melville Vineyard	93	64	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 2012 Melville Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
Italy	"Aromas of dark berry, wild flower, Mediterranean brush and dried herb lead the nose on this structured wine. The ripe, delicious palate boasts juicy red cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon and anise flavors that are framed in velvety tannins. It's balanced and elegant, with an energizing mineral finish. Drink through 2022."	Feudo Rosso	93	58	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Girolamo Russo 2012 Feudo Rosso  (Etna)	Red Blend	Girolamo Russo
US	"Comprised of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot, this single-vineyard Bordeaux-style blend displays ripe, round, flavorful fruit, along with a leafy component. The barrel aging has added butterscotch and chocolate notes to the mix. The wine stops just a bit short, but further bottle age may help to lengthen the finish."	E&E Shaw Vineyard	88	37	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tapteil Vineyard 2010 E&E Shaw Vineyard Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Tapteil Vineyard
US	"Spicy cinnamon comes to the fore in this Merlot that's also complete in plum and currant. Soft and round, the wine is approachable and not overdone, aged in 30% new American oak."		86	16	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Field Stone 2012 Merlot (Alexander Valley)	Merlot	Field Stone
Argentina	"Cherry and cassis aromas are bright and bring an animal note. An energetic palate hosts plum, berry and herbal flavors, while a forward-charging finish is fiery and leaves a palpable herbal aftertaste."		86	14	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Argento 2014 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Argento
Italy	"Aromas of berry, mocha, menthol and a whiff of baking spice lead the nose. The firm palate offers red cherry, white pepper, orange peel and grilled herb alongside a backbone of assertive tannins."	Bussia Riserva	90	110	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Barale Fratelli 2010 Bussia Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Barale Fratelli
New Zealand	"Power and grace combine in this tour de force from Helen Masters, Ata Rangi's winemaker. Toasty oak frames intense black cherry fruit, with hints of herbs adding a savory element. Firm tannins provide ample structure, while the lengthy finish prolongs the pleasure. Drink 2018–2025."		94	55	Martinborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ata Rangi 2013 Pinot Noir (Martinborough)	Pinot Noir	Ata Rangi
Italy	"Underbrush, mint, graphite, leather, mocha and tobacco are just some of the aromas of this full-bodied red. The palate offers dried black cherry, tobacco and a hint of coffee alongside mature, buffed tannins. This is at its ideal drinking window so enjoy over the next few years."	Messaggero	90	42	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Montemercurio 2008 Messaggero  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Sangiovese	Montemercurio
France	"Crisp and lively, this is a tight and mineral wine. Baked-apple fruitiness is balanced by bright acidity and a tangy aftertaste. Drink from 2018."	Tradition	86	19	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Deux Roches 2015 Tradition  (Saint-Véran)	Chardonnay	Domaine des Deux Roches
US	"This wine is heady in apple blossom and jasmine, deeply honeyed in color with an accompanying taste of honey and apple. Big on the nose, it impresses in surprising ways by being quite lean and well integrated on the palate, with a lingering heft of juicy ripeness on the finish."	Star Vineyard Estate	94	60	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	D.R. Stephens 2014 Star Vineyard Estate Chardonnay (Rutherford)	Chardonnay	D.R. Stephens
US	"A full-bodied explosion of hearty ripe fruit is the story in this soft, straightforwardly approachable and enjoyable wine. It's blended with 15% Merlot and 10% Cabernet Franc and aged in oak, giving it smokiness and a length of spice that opens in the glass."	Cellar Select Blend	92	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Joseph Cellars 2012 Cellar Select Blend Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Joseph Cellars
Germany	"Kirsten's Feinherb, or gently sweet bottling, maintains a firm foundation of stoniness, but also embraces softer, less angular dimensions of spring blossom and peach. High-toned acidity brighten and lifts the palate through a long finish. Drink now through 2021."	Feinherb	90	22	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Kirsten 2014 Feinherb Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Kirsten
US	"Floral and fresh from notes of crisp apple and lemon, this blend of Chardonnay and Pinot Blanc is piercingly brisk with tight, nervy effervescence. A hint of roasted nuts lingers on the medium-long finish."	Blanc de Blancs	87	30	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Château Frank 2007 Blanc de Blancs Sparkling (Finger Lakes)	Sparkling Blend	Château Frank
US	"Pomegranate, sour cherry, cranberry and slight anise emerge with patience on the shy nose. The flavors are also light, with cranberry sauce, brown spices, a touch of pepper and an herbal finish."	Tondre H Block	88	65	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tantara 2012 Tondre H Block Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Tantara
Argentina	"A blend of charred oak and violets lead the bouquet, which also offers some floral berry. The palate is lifted, medium-weight and juicy, with boysenberry and cherry flavors. Very nice if you like a floral Malbec with bright berry fruit as opposed to something dark, meaty and oaky."	Grand Reserve	88	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cruz Alta 2006 Grand Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Cruz Alta
US	"Compelling aromas of rose and lavender mark this fairly full-bodied wine, giving it a lift on the nose and palate. Raspberry and black licorice take over the taste, concentrating flavor and intensity toward the lengthy, earthy finish."	Maritime	92	58	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	W.H. Smith 2012 Maritime Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	W.H. Smith
US	"This is a clean, fruit-driven Chardonnay with light tropical banana flavors, along with some apple and pear. All stainless-steel fermented, it offers clean, crisp fruit and fair value."		86	10	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Six Prong 2006 Chardonnay (Horse Heaven Hills)	Chardonnay	Six Prong
Argentina	"Reduced, jammy aromas of blueberry and bacon turn gritty with airing. This feels heavy, chunky and struggles for balance. Stewy, medicinal blueberry flavors finish sticky, with a mix of green, candied berry and caramel notes."	Phebus Reserva	84	16	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Fabre Montmayou 2012 Phebus Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fabre Montmayou
Italy	"The packaging is totally crazy but the wine is more subdued. A blend of Syrah, Merlot and Cabernet, it delivers raw strawberry, green leaf notes and loads of dried hay. It has a sharp, solid build and rigid tannins."	Wine Obsession I Miti	86	65	Tuscany	Toscana				Villa Vignamaggio 2003 Wine Obsession I Miti Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Villa Vignamaggio
US	"A bit soft and sweet, with a candied taste reminiscent of a pineapple and hazelnut fruit and nougat bar. The '06 Reserve is far better, though at twice the price."		84	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Robert Mondavi 2006 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Robert Mondavi
US	"Intriguing scents focus upon chamomile and Mediterranean herbs, while the fruit flavors are wild and brambly. Cherry candy and red licorice play broadly across the palate, lingering through a beautifully balanced and extended finish."	Père de Famille	95	68	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Betz Family 2011 Père de Famille Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Betz Family
US	"This nicely balanced, medium-bodied wine has fresh, bright flavors, a firm mouthfeel and enough complexity to demand attention. Unlike so many heavy, slightly sweet red blends this one is moderate and appetizingly dry."	The Artist	88	20	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sketchbook 2012 The Artist Red (Mendocino)	Red Blend	Sketchbook
Spain	"Cherry and raspberry aromas are a little scratchy, with accents of toast, leather and roasted meat. The palate, on the other hand, is more lean, driving and citric than in riper years; it's crisp and fresh, with red plum, pie cherry and toasty oak flavors. Clean, lean and ready to drink."	Crianza	88	18	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sierra Cantabria 2007 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Sierra Cantabria
France	"Still young, this crisp wine is at the beginning of its development. Time will bring out the ripe apple fruit and the touches of spice that are just hints now. Drink from 2017."		86	30	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Tramier et Fils 2014  Saint-Véran	Chardonnay	Tramier et Fils
US	"Nicely concentrated, with a touch of Petit Verdot in the blend, this complex effort incorporates notes of tangy berry, forest leaf and a hint of mint. The barrel influence lends coffee and light toast notes, which are symmetrical and proportionate."		89	20	Washington	Rattlesnake Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Roza Ridge 2009 Malbec (Rattlesnake Hills)	Malbec	Roza Ridge
South Africa	"A blend of 64% Pinot Noir and 36% Chardonnay, this pale rosé is light and slightly searing, with high acidicy and faint notes of strawberry hull and firm peach on the nose and mouth."	Gorgeous	83	13	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Graham Beck 2015 Gorgeous Rosé (Western Cape)	Rosé	Graham Beck
Italy	"Underbrush, dried plum, resin, leather and a whiff of baking spice aromas slowly emerge in the glass. The big chewy palate shows juicy blackberry, ripe black cherry, tobacco and clove set against a backbone of firm velvety tannins. Despite its heft, it also boasts surprising finesse. Hold for even more complexity. Drink 2017–2025."	Riserva	94	135	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Venturini Massimino 2005 Riserva  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Venturini Massimino
US	"Whiffs of nuts, dusty mineral and lemon are demure on the nose, but become more concentrated on the palate of this dry white. A blend of Chardonnay, Riesling and Grüner Veltliner, it's more minerally than fruity, but refreshing and brisk."	Gratitude	85	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Inspire Moore 2014 Gratitude White (Finger Lakes)	White Blend	Inspire Moore
Austria	"There is a high-toned aspect to the otherwise neutral nose that just gives away lemony hints. The palate is sprightly and fresh and reveals a very creamy, fruity, almost tropical core which is cut very pleasantly by fresh, aromatic lemon—this is Chardonnay but not as you know it. A very fruity, rich but fresh number."	Rohstoff	89	21	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Hannes Reeh 2014 Rohstoff Chardonnay (Burgenland)	Chardonnay	Hannes Reeh
France	"Pungent aromas of field greens and citrus lead into a palate defined by racy lime, grapefruit and passion fruit. The finish is a bit watery, which is a disappointing drop off from the solid citrus flavors present on the front palate. Overall it's a nice wine, nothing more, nothing less."		86	19	Loire Valley	Sancerre				Pascal Jolivet 2000  Sancerre	Sauvignon Blanc	Pascal Jolivet
US	"Aromas of iron, olive, herb, smoke, orange peel and savory notes are followed by a ripe, full savory palate that packs a punch. It's far from shy but manages to keep it all in balance."	Jolie Bouche Boushey Vineyard	92	44	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Efeste 2013 Jolie Bouche Boushey Vineyard Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Efeste
France	"Fresh and fragrant, this is a lively, bright and tangy wine. With crisp acidity and raspberry fruit that is twisted with orange peel it is ready to drink."		85	11	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Blaignac 2015 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château de Blaignac
Italy	"This shows dark berry aromas with hints of toast and sandalwood. The palate delivers black fruits layered with licorice, spice and espresso, but it's a bit shy on length."	Grignano	87	14	Tuscany	Chianti Rufina		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Grignano 2009 Grignano  (Chianti Rufina)	Red Blend	Fattoria di Grignano
US	"Merlot makes up half of this blend, with the balance Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec and Petit Verdot. Vanilla, pencil shaving and woodspice predominate on the nose and palate."	Reserve Cavalie	87	42	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Mercer 2012 Reserve Cavalie Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Mercer
US	"Stainless-steel fermented, this white is grassy and pea-like. A simple thickness on the palate is offset somewhat by a tang of grapefruit."		84	18	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Charles Krug 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (St. Helena)	Sauvignon Blanc	Charles Krug
France	"Ripe tropical fruits star in this opulent, bold wine. The acidity is there, just enough to give this rich wine the support it needs. It is a complete wine—ripe and spicy, just give it some more time. Drink from 2018."	Le Clos	92	48	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Ferret 2015 Le Clos  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Domaine Ferret
US	"Dull and simple, this has thinned-down blackberry and steamed vegetable flavors. But at this price, it will get you through a big party."		82	10	California	California	California Other			Scrapbook 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Scrapbook
US	"Cabernet Franc makes up half this wine, with the balance Cabernet Sauvignon (33%) and Merlot. Plum, blueberry, blackberry and baking-spice aromas lead to a fruit-filled palate with light barrel accents throughout."	Daily Double	88	36	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Love That Red 2014 Daily Double Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Love That Red
Argentina	"Simple berry aromas are generic. This is dark on the palate, with black-fruit flavors that are standard and don't show much character. A lightly toasted finish is solid and not too choppy."		84	13	Other	Patagonia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alpataco 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Patagonia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alpataco
Argentina	"This is big and yellowish in color, which is usually an indicator of strong barrel character. And indeed, it's very oaky and resiny on the nose, palate and finish. But in between the waves of wood spice, vanilla and resin are complexities, fine acidity, good textural balance and sweet, tropical fruit flavors. Drink now."	Bramare Marchiori Vineyard	89	45	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Cobos 2011 Bramare Marchiori Vineyard Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Viña Cobos
Italy	"This dense wine doles out sensations of sweet oak, espresso, chocolate, plum cake and vanilla alongside notes of mature black berries. It's shy on freshness and has an almost sugary finish. Drink now."	Rasne	86	20	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poggio Nardone 2012 Rasne  (Rosso di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Poggio Nardone
US	"This 100% varietal wine is instantly compelling, ripe and juicy in all the right ways, a mix of black and red fruit with an herbal underbelly and hits of peppercorn. Chalky tannins and a dry finish complete the picture, while the high amount of alcohol distracts. Drink now and beware its potency."	Communication Block	90	100	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Lampyridae 2012 Communication Block Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lampyridae
US	"Grown sustainably on land between the Santa Lucia Highlands and Carmel, this great-smelling wine shows light caramel apple and sea salt on the nose. There's a judicious touch of butter to the palate, where flavors of green pear and lemon zest leave the mouth watering with acidity long into the finish."	Russell Estate	92	40	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	DeTierra Vineyards 2012 Russell Estate Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	DeTierra Vineyards
Germany	"Smoke and pressed apple notes are savory on the nose, but the palate of this zesty off-dry Riesling is fresh with sweet-tart peach and honeydew. It's refreshing and straightforward in style, but finishes with lingering mineral complexities."	Nik Weis Wiltinger Alte Reben	89	18	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		St. Urbans-Hof 2013 Nik Weis Wiltinger Alte Reben Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Urbans-Hof
US	"While this Zin is high in alcohol, which gives it some peppery heat, it's dry and complex. The flavors range from ripe blackberry, blueberry and currant to dark chocolate, licorice and warm-climate Zin spice. The vineyard contains 80-year-old vines, grown in the mountains above the valley floor, which explains the wine's unique concentration."	Fredericks Vineyard	91	42	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Turley 2010 Fredericks Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Turley
US	"This is a drily astringent Zinfandel with bracing acidity, and it's a little tough right now. But it has enough briary mountain berry fruit, clove and savory pepper flavors to work against barbecued meats and poultry."	Estate	85	28	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Fernwood 2005 Estate Zinfandel (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Zinfandel	Fernwood
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, Canaiolo and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas suggesting mature dark-skinned fruit, toast, sunbaked earth and cooking spice. On the polished, straightforward palate, hints of clove, orange peel and anise back up a core of dried black cherry while close-grained tannins provide the framework. Drink through 2018."		88	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Cappellina 2012  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Tenuta Cappellina
US	"Fruity and forward, Nefarious Cellars has its first estate-grown Malbec. It's loaded with cherry fruit and darker notes of smoke, tar and chocolate. Give it plenty of breathing time and it opens up gracefully."	Defiance Vineyard	89	27	Washington	Lake Chelan	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Nefarious 2009 Defiance Vineyard Malbec (Lake Chelan)	Malbec	Nefarious
France	"With a high proportion (60%) of Merlot, this is a ripe wine while also being structured. It has a dense character that comes from the still young, firm tannins. Behind these are the ripest black-currant fruits, crisp and juicy, packed with flavor as well as acidity. Drink this wine from 2019."		88	32	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Bardins 2011  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Bardins
Italy	"Made of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Cabernet Sauvignon, this evokes ripe strawberry and baking spice on the nose. The palate is accessible despite chewy tannins, delivering black plum and pipe tobacco flavors. Enjoy through 2019."		89	18	Tuscany	Carmignano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Farnete 2014  Carmignano	Red Blend	Le Farnete
France	"Dominated by the local star grape Mourvèdre, the wine is ripe, spicy and packed with fresh red-currant and strawberry fruit. It has spice, crisp acidity as well as a full rich aftertaste. Drink now."	Bastide d'Azur	87	18	Provence	Var		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Azur 2015 Bastide d'Azur Rosé (Var)	Rosé	Château d'Azur
France	"Notes of pear and strawberry create an inviting nose. The palate boasts the same lively fruit and adds lemony freshness in spades. This is lively, appetizing, light and dry. Just buy a case, a bottle will only last five minutes among friends."	Cuvée Harmony L'Accord Parfait	89	20	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine G. Metz 2016 Cuvée Harmony L'Accord Parfait Rosé (Alsace)	Rosé	Domaine G. Metz
US	"Lean and minty. Despite a certain elegance, this Pinot lacks the voluptuous richness you want in a wine of this price. The chilly vintage seems to have taken its toll. There's some good cherry and currant fruit, but the wine falls short. Drink up."	Fe Ciega Vineyard Block M	86	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Longoria 2011 Fe Ciega Vineyard Block M Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Longoria
US	"Somewhat watery and simple, this Pinot has pleasant cherry, cola and oak flavors. The mouthfeel is raw."		82	8	California	California	California Other			Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi 2012 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi
Germany	"While it shares the same electricity and mineral finesse of Bürklin-Wolf's other 2014 Premier Cru (labeled P.C.) wines, the Rechbächel has an intensely fruity, almost tropical appeal. It's concentrated and ripe, but with cutting white grapefruit and tangerine acidity leading a long, focused finish. Drink now through 2025."	Wachenheimer Rechbächel P.C. Dry	93	38	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Bürklin-Wolf 2014 Wachenheimer Rechbächel P.C. Dry Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Dr. Bürklin-Wolf
Italy	"Scents of fresh red berry, violet and cake spice meld together in the glass. The vibrant, straightforward palate offers tart red cherry, orange rind and a hint of star anise alongside racy acidity and sleek tannins."	Terre di Prenzano	87	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Vignamaggio 2014 Terre di Prenzano  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Vignamaggio
Italy	"This Amarone shows overripe black fruit, oak and raisin aromas. The palate offers extracted plum and black cherry flavors layered with chocolate, vanilla, oak and black pepper notes. It's closes on a note of bitter almond."		88	70	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Marion 2008  Amarone della Valpolicella	Red Blend	Marion
Germany	"Smoke and pressed apple notes are savory on the nose, but the palate of this zesty off-dry Riesling is fresh with sweet-tart peach and honeydew. It's refreshing and straightforward in style, but finishes with lingering mineral complexities."	Nik Weis Wiltinger Alte Reben	89	18	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		St. Urbans-Hof 2013 Nik Weis Wiltinger Alte Reben Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	St. Urbans-Hof
US	"Extremely tight and herbal aromas of cut grass, chives, scallions and oregano ride a fascinatingly rainy cement minerality on the nose of this fresh and vibrant bottling. The wet-cement flavors show powerfully on the sip, with lemongrass, wild lime leaves and more mowed-lawn touches."	Zabala Vineyard	91	25	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Comartin 2016 Zabala Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Arroyo Seco)	Sauvignon Blanc	Comartin
US	"Instantly, beautifully fragrant, this jumps from the glass with fresh strawberry/watermelon scents, pretty, fruity and quickly approachable. In the mouth it shows chunky black fruits, some astringency, a slightly green edge to the tannins. Overall a chewy, almost blocky wine, a good quaffer—the kind of wine you want to drink, not analyze."		88	24	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Salida 2008 Tempranillo (Yakima Valley)	Tempranillo	Salida
US	"Technically proficient and showing a certain amount of style, this is a focused Cabernet with tart, tangy cassis and berry flavors. The barrel regimen adds bits of toast and mocha to the finish."		90	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	North by Northwest 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	North by Northwest
US	"This light take on the variety shares a focused fruitiness of strawberry and raspberry flavor amid a core of earthy cola, bark and black licorice. Thick on the palate, it finishes with a swirl of brightness and lasting acidity."	Salzgeber Vineyard	90	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	WesMar 2014 Salzgeber Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	WesMar
France	"Maucoil's 2013 is a sturdy, full-bodied wine. It's plummy, dense and earthy, with nuances of cracked pepper and mocha showing themselves on the palate. The finish—long, firm and peppery—bodes well for aging. Drink now–2025."		92	45	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château Maucoil 2013 Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château Maucoil
Italy	"Almost over the top, this beautiful Barolo from the most celebrated cru of them all—the iconic Cannubi vineyard—delivers maximum pleasure and intensity. This is a soft and velvety wine, with cherry, cassis, leather, moist tobacco and licorice aromas over extracted concentration and tight tannins. The wine needs more time to age and once it does, it can be paired with beef or aged cheeses."	Cannubi	95	135	Piedmont	Barolo				Marchesi di Barolo 2007 Cannubi  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Marchesi di Barolo
France	"This is a firm style of wine, showing the mineral character of Pernand-Verglesses reds. The wine has a nervy, almost herbal profile, showing red currants and considerable acidity."		88	30	Burgundy	Pernand-Vergelesses		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Luc et Lise Pavelot 2011  Pernand-Vergelesses	Pinot Noir	Domaine Luc et Lise Pavelot
Australia	"Complex, rich and weighty, this is a Chardonnay that avoids overt fruitiness in favor of scents of truffle, tobacco and earth, then folds in flavors of honey and spice. Drink now."	Maxwell Vineyard	90	30	New South Wales	Hunter Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Peter Howland 2005 Maxwell Vineyard Chardonnay (Hunter Valley)	Chardonnay	Peter Howland
US	"Pretty impressive for the price, this Merlot has juicy, candied flavors of cherries, blackberries, red currants and chocolate that are wrapped into a smooth texture. A great buy for a wine this tasty."		85	8	California	California	California Other			Barefoot Cellars NV Merlot (California)	Merlot	Barefoot Cellars
US	"This aromatic wine brings a pleasing assortment of smoke, bacon fat, citrus, plum and blue-fruit notes. It coats the palate from end to end with sultry fruit flavors that lead to a tart, dry finish."		91	38	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	William Church 2012 Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	William Church
US	"The nose of this nimble-footed Chardonnay is delicate, rendering soft whispers of crisp apricot and yellow peach. It's not a deeply concentrated wine, but refreshingly brisk and mineral."		85	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Lucas Vineyards 2012 Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Lucas Vineyards
France	"Ripe and full, this comes from a producer based just south of the Côtes de Blancs. Yellow fruits are cut with citrus to give a rich, while refreshing wine. Smooth with an orange-zest texture, it is ready to drink."	Blanc de Blancs Premier Cru Brut	88	55	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Forget-Brimont NV Blanc de Blancs Premier Cru Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Forget-Brimont
France	"Chapuy is a négociant based in Mesnil-sur-Oger in the Chardonnay vineyards of the Côte des Blancs. This wine, made from grapes sourced exclusively from grand cru vineyards, is all citrus, mineral and apple skin flavors. It's a tight, taut effort with a crisp texture and a note of grapefruit on the finish. Worth aging for a few months."	Grand Cru Blanc de Blancs Réserve Brut	90	39	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chapuy NV Grand Cru Blanc de Blancs Réserve Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Chapuy
Greece	"Aromas of red fruit, vanilla and cigarbox start this Cabernet Sauvignon from Greece. Its flavors are rich but balanced—cinnamon, cedar, cherry and savory spice—and the wine finishes clean and dry. Elegant with ageable potential."	Kapnias Vineyard Zygos	91	24	Atalanti Valley			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Hatzimichalis 2008 Kapnias Vineyard Zygos Cabernet Sauvignon (Atalanti Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hatzimichalis
US	"This is a blend of Sauvignon Blanc and the relatively rare variety, Sauvignon Gris. It's basically a white Bordeaux-style wine, with considerable oak influence. You'll find citrus, tropical fruit and hay flavors, brightened by crisp acidity, making for a stylish, upscale white wine."	Elevage Blanc	90	39	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Chimney Rock 2009 Elevage Blanc White (Napa Valley)	White Blend	Chimney Rock
France	"An impressive wine by any measure, this shows ample complexity in its mix of black cherry, dark earth and briery notes. The tannins frame the wine's opulent fruit, while remaining wonderfully unobtrusive. This should drink well for at least 15 years from the vintage."	Château de Beaucastel	94	120	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Famille Perrin 2011 Château de Beaucastel Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Famille Perrin
South Africa	"At present, the wood dominates the nose and mouth of this lush, creamy wine. It's brimming with notes of cedar, sweet spice and bittersweet cocoa powder that ride atop the baked cherry and raspberry fruit. The mouthfeel is smooth and plush, with velvety tannins and lingering dry, spicy notes that grace the finish. An infant now, give it some time to further harmonize and the oak to integrate; try after 2019."	Series C	91	95	Paarl			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Vilafonté 2014 Series C Red (Paarl)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Vilafonté
Argentina	"Cadus from Nieto Senetiner has not been overly consistent in recent years. This wine is black as night, with ultra-extracted aromas of black fruit and chocolate. The palate is hunky and chunky, with clumsy grape, cassis and blackberry flavors. Shows a blast of coconut and softness on the finish. A classic fruit bomb that's missing some key parts."	Cadus Single Vineyard	87	45	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Nieto Senetiner 2004 Cadus Single Vineyard Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Nieto Senetiner
US	"This Cab is deeply layered, full-bodied and bone dry, with thick, raw-boned tannins that call for some time in the cellar. With modest alcohol and fine acidity, it will have no trouble negotiating the next 6–8 years, allowing the cherry and blackberry flavors to shine through."		90	25	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Dry Creek Vineyard 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Dry Creek Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dry Creek Vineyard
US	"Too soft and Porty, with sweet blackberry jam and chocolate flavors. There's also a burn from high alcohol."	Estate	82	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			San Marcos Creek 2005 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	San Marcos Creek
US	"This excellent rosé is one of a handful given extra bottle age before release, and it rewards that time with unusual flavors––rhubarb and strawberry, hints of banana and a touch of creamsicle in the fade. Not typical in any way, but tasty and full-bodied."		88	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ardenvoir 2009 Rosé (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rosé	Ardenvoir
US	"The vineyard has been source of good Zinfandel for V. Sattui, and this is their best yet. The wine is enormously rich and ripe in berry, cherry, currant, mocha and pepper flavors, but its structure really warrants attention. Perfectly firm tannins, fine acidity, and a touch of minerality gives the wine grounding. The alcohol is high, but in keeping with the wine's expression."	Black-Sears Vineyard	93	40	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			V. Sattui 2008 Black-Sears Vineyard Zinfandel (Howell Mountain)	Zinfandel	V. Sattui
France	"This citrus flavored wine is fruity and crisp with bright acidity and just a hint of herbal character. The wine is light, bright and ready to drink."	La Stèle	86	24	Provence	Les Baux de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mas de la Dame 2012 La Stèle White (Les Baux de Provence)	White Blend	Mas de la Dame
US	"With alcohol under 13%, this spicy, well-constructed Pinot Gris is decidedly cut in a European mold. Grapefruit and fiddlehead fern flavors combine, with surprising concentration and length. For food matches think along the lines of what goes best with a spicy, grassy Sauvignon Blanc."		89	17	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coeur de Terre 2008 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Coeur de Terre
US	"This is a full-bodied, creamy and voluptuous Chardonnay, bearing notes of wet stone and ripe yellow apple, with a tinge of vanilla on the finish."		87	13	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Smart Cookie 2010 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Smart Cookie
New Zealand	"This is an unusual New Zealand Pinot Noir in that it spent 36 months in oak prior to bottling. The result is a mature, ready-to-drink wine, with delicate, silky tannins and modest fruit flavors. The oak isn't dominant, but there is a smoky flavor element, along with hints of dried herb, briar patch and mushroom."	Reserve Selection	88	35	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Jawbone 2007 Reserve Selection Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Jawbone
France	"This wine from Blaye sister-brother team of Marie-Pierre et Pierre-Charles Dartier is perfumed, ripe with black fruits and with a generous smooth texture. With the hint of tannin from the wood aging and the black-plum fruits, it will be a rich, generous wine. Drink from 2018."	Fut de Chêne	90	40	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Cailleteau Bergeron 2014 Fut de Chêne  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Cailleteau Bergeron
US	"A blend of Cabernet (70%) and Merlot, it offers aromas of dried herbs and rasinated dark fruit along with a kiss of vanilla. The fruit flavors are plump in feel with a sweet finish."	Whistle Stop	87	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Snoqualmie 2013 Whistle Stop Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Snoqualmie
US	"Potent cedar and black pepper aromas, deep smoky, spicy flavors and a stiff, tannic texture make this dry, full-bodied wine powerful but a little challenging to drink now. It has the concentration to age well and should be best after 2020."	Vintner Select	89	38	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Longevity 2013 Vintner Select Cabernet Sauvignon (Livermore Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Longevity
Portugal	"An instantly enjoyable, balanced rosé. It's fresh, clean and full of red berry fruits, with a crisp finish. Drink now."	Periquita	87	11	Península de Setúbal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	José Maria da Fonseca 2013 Periquita Rosé (Península de Setúbal)	Rosé	José Maria da Fonseca
South Africa	"A magnetic nose of cinnamon spice and cigarbox leads this elegant Cabernet from Excelsior, and it's followed by balanced cherry and blackberry fruit flavors. Firm tannins, good acidity and an overall spicy touch give the wine energy and pluck. Good for everyday sipping and ready to drink now."		85	10	Robertson			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Excelsior 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Robertson)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Excelsior
US	"Thick, oaky and loaded with toasty highlights, this substantial Syrah slathers its fruit in a heavy coat of caramel, buttered nuts and spice. Delicious and supple, its naturally juicy acidity keeps the wine lively. With substantial breathing time, boysenberry fruit melds with streaks of roasted coffee, clove and tobacco."		92	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dunham 2009 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Dunham
France	Faint red currant and baked apple notes play about the nose. The dry palate reflects the same notions of fruit but makes them more lively with pink grapefruit freshness. The frothy mousse accentuates this aromatic fruit even more. The finish is dry and satisfying.	Brut Rosé	89	25	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Rieflé-Landmann NV Brut Rosé Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Rieflé-Landmann
US	"Aromatic and complex, this wine, though not quite bone dry, is tart and citrusy. The mixed fruit flavors run a spectrum from grapefruit to lemon candy to nectarine, lingering gracefully into a mineral-soaked finish."		90	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Apex 2008 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Apex
US	"Robustly structured and concentrated, this wine is tight-grained in tannin and firm on the palate, with meaty elements of leather, tobacco and clove. The dark personality traits continue on the black pepper-seasoned finish, which begs for steak."	Firehouse Vineyard	93	89	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Piña 2013 Firehouse Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Piña
US	"A pretty good Chardonnay. Its a little pineapple juicy, and the oak is pretty strong, but a streak of minerality and crisp, clean acidity give just enough structure."	Heintz Ranch	85	25	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Dutch Bill Creek 2007 Heintz Ranch Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Dutch Bill Creek
US	"A very good Merlot, representing a huge increase in quality over the 2008, and a return to the charms of the 2007. It's ripe and tasty in fruit, currants and sweet oak, and earns extra points for the fine structure. Ready now."		87	38	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Materra Cunat Family Vineyards 2009 Merlot (Oak Knoll District)	Merlot	Materra Cunat Family Vineyards
France	"There are both ripe yellow and pineapple fruit flavors and tight minerality in this wine. That gives it the potential to age with its structure, spice from wood and fragrant acidity. Drink from 2017."	Domaine des Préauds	88	26	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Claude Debeaune 2013 Domaine des Préauds  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Jean-Claude Debeaune
France	"This is a juicy, fruit-forward selection, boasting vibrant notes of red cherry, raspberry and strawberry on the nose and mouth. A hint of vanilla adds a sweetness to the finish, which otherwise ends clean and mouthwatering. Drink now."	Alain de la Treille	86	13	France Other	Vin de France		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Bougrier 2015 Alain de la Treille Pinot Noir (Vin de France)	Pinot Noir	Bougrier
Bulgaria	"Aromas of black raspberry, dried cherry, espresso and smoked meat set the scene for mouth-pleasing flavors of black cherry, blackberry and tobacco leaf. Harmonious levels of tannins and acidity linger on the tongue at the conclusion of the juicy, fruit-filled finish."		90	14	Thracian Valley			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	K Cellars 2011 Red (Thracian Valley)	Red Blend	K Cellars
Argentina	"This is so ripe it smells like raisin extract and prune juice. A murky, stewy palate and overt raisiny flavors finish with a rubbery, tannic feel. Acceptable but with glaring weaknesses."		81	9	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Privada 2012 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Privada
US	"Dark, luxurious streaks of blackberry and cherry lend heft and silkiness to this full-bodied Merlot. Subtly spiced, it's accented by sprightly acidity and fine, feathery tannins in the midpalate."		88	27	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Ventosa 2009 Merlot (Seneca Lake)	Merlot	Ventosa
US	"This sports a blue label, to differentiate it from the winery's estate bottling. It's dark and toasty, with robust black-cherry fruit, along with strong notes of charcoal, espresso and vanilla. There's nothing subtle here, but should work well with Korean ribs."	Blue Label	88	20	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Troon 2013 Blue Label Zinfandel (Applegate Valley)	Zinfandel	Troon
US	"This impressively concentrated, full-bodied and firmly tannic wine will be a great match for the next juicy steak or lasagna. It has a thick, inky, red color, attractive cedar and spice aromas, and full flavors like blackberries and pomegranate juice. The thick, velvety tannic feel is perfect for adventurous tastes. It's made with Montepulciano, Sangiovese and Freisa grapes."	Big & Beautiful	90	18	California	Solano County	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Wargin Wines 2011 Big & Beautiful Red (Solano County)	Red Blend	Wargin Wines
Italy	"This opens with aromas of underbrush, toasted nut and grilled herb. The extremely simple, abrupt palate offers suggestions of sour cherry and orange zest alongside brisk acidity."		85	24	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fornacina 2014  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Fornacina
US	Pomegranate and raspberry fruit are highlighted with sharp scents of orange flesh and peel. The buoyant acidity and overall tightness suggest that this will continue to evolve and improve over the next several years. It's lightly spiced with a well-managed touch of new oak.	Savoya Vineyard	92	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2012 Savoya Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
US	"Apple blossoms scent this fresh dry Riesling. The palate is invigorating and spry, bolstered by a breezy citrus and green-apple finish. It's not a deeply concentrated wine but effortlessly elegant."	Caywood East Vineyard	88	18	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wagner 2014 Caywood East Vineyard Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Wagner
Italy	"Robust Cabernet Sauvignon and aromatic Sangiovese are blended to produce a crisp wine with fresh and cheerful notes of berry fruit, polished mineral and hazelnut."	La Fortuna	88	37	Tuscany	Sant'Antimo				La Fortuna 2004 La Fortuna Red (Sant'Antimo)	Red Blend	La Fortuna
Australia	"Richly tropical in nature, with ripe flavors suggesting peaches and mangoes framed by lingering hints of butter and toast. It's a plump, amply endowed version of this wine, but may not be as long lived as some other vintages. Drink now–2010."	Art Series	90	79	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Leeuwin Estate 2004 Art Series Chardonnay (Margaret River)	Chardonnay	Leeuwin Estate
Italy	"This full-bodied wine offers classic Nebbiolo aromas of underbrush, black cherry, leather and a whiff of baking spices. It's still young, delivering raspberry, clove, cinnamon and grilled herb framed by tightly woven tannins. Give this time to unwind. Drink after 2019."	Pora Riserva	91	65	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Produttori del Barbaresco 2009 Pora Riserva  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Produttori del Barbaresco
US	"This cuvée offers the pleasures of sweet, sappy red fruits, soft tannins and broad swaths of caramel, toasted hazelnuts and mocha. It coats the tongue with flavor and has a sort of insistence that the next sip will be even better."	Yamhill Cuvée	92	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Serene 2012 Yamhill Cuvée Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Serene
US	"This wine hails from an estate that dates back to 1978, but was more recently purchased by San Luis Obispo developer Rob Rossi and Raytheon CEO Bill Swanson. They assembled a “dream team” of grower Kevin Wilkinson (of Talley Vineyards and Coastal Vineyard Services) and winemakers Mike Sinor and Nathan Carlson. The wine boasts a lifting nose of cream, hazelnut and baked apples, then dances across the palate with lemon-zest and flint flavors."	Center of Effort Estate	91	30	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Center of Effort 2011 Center of Effort Estate Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Center of Effort
Argentina	"Supposedly Doña Paula's top selection for 2005, and while the wine shows some earthy darkness and plenty of fruit on the bouquet it doesn't follow up with the mouthfeel or overall balance that it should. It's ripe for sure, but also aggressive, with a disjointed acid-to-tannin ratio and an almost syrupy mouthfeel."	Selección de Bodega Single Vineyard	84	35	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Doña Paula 2005 Selección de Bodega Single Vineyard Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Doña Paula
France	"Named after the street number of the producer's winery, this Champagne is mineral and dry. It has fine acidity, along with citrus fruits and a crisp aftertaste. The texture is tangy, taut and gives the wine its food friendly character. Drink now."	Cuvée 555 Brut	92	65	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Voirin-Jumel NV Cuvée 555 Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Voirin-Jumel
US	"There's a fascinating presence of herb-roasted chicken to the well-balanced nose of this Chardonnay from the historic Brousseay Vineyard, alongside chalky minerality, golden apple and Asian pear. Once sipped, it's very easy on the palate, with baked apple, wet stone, slight kiwi and a noticeable salinity."	Brosseau Vineyard	91	45	California	Chalone	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Testarossa 2012 Brosseau Vineyard Chardonnay (Chalone)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
US	"The winery aims for Loire valley characteristics in its wines, hence the reference to Côt, as Malbec is known in the region. This is grapy, purple and young. At this point it's difficult to see much else beyond the fruit and lip-sticking acids. It's a good warm-weather quaffing wine, best served slightly chilled."	Crater Lake Vineyard Loiregon Côt	87	30	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Leah Jørgensen Cellars 2014 Crater Lake Vineyard Loiregon Côt Malbec (Rogue Valley)	Malbec	Leah Jørgensen Cellars
Portugal	"Textured and mineral, this crisp wine has some lively acidity as well as raspberry fruitiness. It's totally ready for the summer."	Terra de Lobos	85	10	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Casal Branco 2013 Terra de Lobos Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Quinta do Casal Branco
US	Sugary and Porty. Okay in a pinch when you need something red and rustic.		80	12	California	Napa County	Napa			Fog Hill NV Red (Napa County)	Red Blend	Fog Hill
Argentina	"Round, dense and correct on the nose, with heft and dark fruit aromas. The palate is tight, pure and just the right size, with blackberry, boysenberry and a bit of vanilla and caramel in the background. Smooth on the tail end, with sweet coconut and mocha notes. Friendly and well done for the price."	Serie A	89	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zuccardi 2009 Serie A Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Zuccardi
Germany	"Intensely mineral tones of slate and granite radiate against a backdrop of blossom, grapefruit and peach in this classic Mosel kabinett. Zesty and spry, it's irresistibly inviting, sip after sip after sip."	Graacher Himmelreich Kabinett	91	23	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Friedrich-Wilhelm-Gymnasium 2013 Graacher Himmelreich Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Friedrich-Wilhelm-Gymnasium
US	"Edgy with mountainous berry flavor, Easton's 2010 Shenandoah Valley Zin is full-bodied, generous in savory spices and blackberry flavor and intoxicatingly aromatic with a peppery, leathery finish. It's structurally able to withstand many more years in bottle, so enjoy it now or give it some time. Either way, it'll shine poured alongside peppery meat."	Estate Bottled	93	32	California	Shenandoah Valley (CA)	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Easton 2010 Estate Bottled Zinfandel (Shenandoah Valley (CA))	Zinfandel	Easton
US	"Aromas of sugared plums, herbs and black currants lead to black- and blue-fruit flavors that are surprisingly soft. One misses the tannins Cabernet is known for but it makes up for it elsewhere."	Chateau Smith	88	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Charles Smith 2013 Chateau Smith Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Charles Smith
US	"Very ripe and jammy in raspberry and cherry fruit flavors, this Pinot is accented with crisp acidity. Oak barrel aging adds notes of caramel and buttered toast. It's a deliciously dry wine, although a bit direct and obvious. Seems at its best now and for 3–4 years."	van der Kamp Vineyard	90	46	California	Sonoma Mountain	Sonoma			Tandem 2007 van der Kamp Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Mountain)	Pinot Noir	Tandem
US	"This tastes straightforward and modestly fruity. Smooth in texture and not very tannic, it has just enough red cherry and plum flavor to be substantive. Made from 70% Zinfandel, 25% Sangiovese and 5% Syrah."	Mistero	84	23	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Naggiar 2011 Mistero Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Naggiar
US	"The reason why this winery scores so well, year after year, in Chardonnay is because the production team knows how to get maximum ripeness out of the grapes, while maintaining an integrity of structure. The '09 Hyde exhibits this quality. It's fantastically rich in oranges, apricots, pears and pineapples, yet possesses a bracing minerality and fine Carneros acidity."	Hyde Vineyard	93	55	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Patz & Hall 2009 Hyde Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Patz & Hall
US	"Supple and rich, this medium-bodied wine is slightly sweet, blending berry and cherry flavors with milk-chocolate accents. The sweetness softens the texture and makes it feel broad and mouth-filling."		86	20	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	The Cleaver 2014 Red (California)	Red Blend	The Cleaver
US	"From the Gainey family's Sta. Rita Hills ranch, this begins with aromas of buttered popcorn, vanilla, pineapple and crushed rocks. Once sipped, golden apple flavors integrate superbly with a lime pith tartness and a slight brioche character on the midpalate and finish."	Limited Selection	92	38	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Gainey 2012 Limited Selection Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Gainey
Germany	"Mineral notes on the nose build in intensity throughout this brisk, invigorating semidry Riesling. Spine-tingling lemon-lime acidity offsets a palate full of luscious yellow peach and honey flavors. Finishes long with a spray of lavender."	Bernkasteler alte Badstube am Doctorberg Spätlese	91	33	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler 2013 Bernkasteler alte Badstube am Doctorberg Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler
South Africa	Spicy forest and used coffee grind aromas mingle with notes of small red berries and red plum flesh. Lively and juicy but elegant in the mouth with medium tannins and a white pepper-dusted finish.	Seven Flags	88	60	Elgin			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Paul Cluver 2008 Seven Flags Pinot Noir (Elgin)	Pinot Noir	Paul Cluver
Germany	"Earthy notes of dust and crushed minerals accent tart green plum and gooseberry in this refreshingly zesty dry Riesling. While linear in style, it's a bracing, revitalizing sip perfect for everyday enjoyment. Drink now through 2019."	Dry	89	15	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Leonard Kreusch 2015 Dry Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Leonard Kreusch
France	"There is great fruit on this ripe, full-bodied wine. The fruit is already well integrated with the tannins, giving a juicy feel and a black currant fragrance. Rich, open and soft, finishing with an elegant structure."		89	35	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Teyssier 2010  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Teyssier
US	"Expertly light touches of banana, honey, pecan, tuberose and citrus peel show on the nose of this blend by Joey Tensley and Alex Guarachi. There is great energy and tension to the sip, with yellow-grapefruit-juice flavors. Crisp, this would be a great shellfish pairing."		89	20	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tenshen 2015 White (Central Coast)	White Blend	Tenshen
Germany	"Bursting of sweet yellow cherries, tangerines and peaches, this fragrant, finely filigreed spätlese screams classic Mosel. Searing lemon-lime acidity counters lush, sunny fruit flavors, finishing with a crystalline haze of honey and nectar. It's stunning now, but has plenty of stuffing to carry through 2025 with aplomb."	Erdener Treppchen Spätlese	94	34	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Loosen 2014 Erdener Treppchen Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
France	"Hints of menthol and cherry cough drop are upfront on the nose. Flavors of red currant, rhubarb and sour raspberry appear on the crisp, tart palate, finishing clean yet short."		83	9	France Other	Vin de France		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Patriarche Père et Fils 2014 Pinot Noir (Vin de France)	Pinot Noir	Patriarche Père et Fils
US	"A glorious, grapefruity, lusciously fresh Pinot Gris, this new vintage from Seven Hills is made for a summer afternoon. This has notes of citrus and melon, with highlights of mint and a hint of pepper, keeping it lively and interesting all through the refreshing finish."		91	17	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Seven Hills 2011 Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	Seven Hills
Portugal	"Almost black in color, this densely tannic wine is granular, dusty and mineral in character. The berry fruits shoulder the weight of the tannins easily, giving a ripe wine that will need until 2016 to develop fully"	Monte Alentejano Reserva	88	10	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	DFJ Vinhos 2012 Monte Alentejano Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	DFJ Vinhos
US	"A mash-up of eight grapes, including such obscure varieties as Landot Noir, Maréchal Foch and Chancellor, this is the sort of wine you might happily enjoy while driving the back roads of rural Europe. Light, tart flavors of pie cherries are touched with leathery earth. Hints of plum and tobacco add further interest."	14 Vines	87	14	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Girardet 2011 14 Vines Red (Umpqua Valley)	Red Blend	Girardet
France	"A rather soapy, wine, it does not have enough fruitiness to sustain its tannins. It's hard edged and likely to remain that way."		83	25	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château La Clare 2011  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château La Clare
US	"This is well done, given the transportation issues involved in producing this wine. The flavors are balanced and true to variety, with details of orange peel and citrus. Though a bit one-dimensional, this is pleasantly quaffable and should be consumed over the next couple of years."	Lakeshore	86	26	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	City Winery Chicago 2013 Lakeshore Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	City Winery Chicago
US	"Rich, tannic and spicy, a classic Sonoma Zinfandel with enough elegance to pair with upscale food. It's a little hot in alcohol and overripe, but wears it proudly, celebrating its Zinny personality with a sweet flourish. That's characterisic of the vineyard, which is on a warm ridge within this cool appellation."	Von Weidlich Vineyard	90	34	California	Green Valley	Sonoma			De Loach 2009 Von Weidlich Vineyard Zinfandel (Green Valley)	Zinfandel	De Loach
New Zealand	"Frankly sweet, with 36 g/l of residual sugar, this Marlborough Riesling shows plenty of guava and citrus fruit alongside hints of tar and petrol. The sugar, combined with tart acids, gives the finish a crisp, lipsmacking quality."	The Doctors'	86	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Forrest Estate 2006 The Doctors' Riesling (Marlborough)	Riesling	Forrest Estate
US	"Though only seeing about a quarter new oak—mostly American—it's this aspect that stands out with notes of vanilla and woodspice which overpower notes of cherry, plum and pepper. Still, it's pleasant enough with quite tart fruit flavors and abundant wood accents."	Reserve	87	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2011 Reserve Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Waterbrook
France	"The second wine of Saint-Émilion premier cru classé Trottevieille is full of fruit while also having plenty of structure. It shows signs of becoming a delicious, fresh wine with attractive tannins and red-berry fruits. Developing well, it will be ready to drink from 2018."	Dame de Trottevieille	90	65	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Trottevieille 2013 Dame de Trottevieille  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Trottevieille
US	"Interesting and complex aromas suggest new oak, tea, leather and red cherry. Tangy cranberry flavors and a crisp feel in the mouth make this wine enjoyable in a lean style."		86	20	California	Calaveras County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Chatom 2012 Sangiovese (Calaveras County)	Sangiovese	Chatom
US	"The blend is Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Malbec, and the wine shows elements of all three varieties. They range from Cab's blackberry and cassis flavors and Syrah's peppery meatiness to the firm tannins of Malbec. The result is a lusty, delicious and somewhat rustic wine of great versatility at the table. Ready to drink now, especially with beef."	Trinity	89	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Godspeed 2009 Trinity Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Godspeed
US	"This aptly expresses the characteristics of wines from the McMinnville AVA. A steely, peppery, gun-metal streak runs up and down the spine, with tight, compact blue and black fruits, ripping acidity, firm tannins and a light suggestion of root beer. It's all in place in a wine that seems destined for a life of two decades or longer."	Gestalt Block	94	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Brittan Vineyards 2012 Gestalt Block Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Brittan Vineyards
US	"Very different from this winery's Temperance bottling. Starts with sour cherry aromas along with sumptuous smoke, vanilla and spice notes. Drinks very soft and gentle, with melted tannins framing generous cherry-berry fruit. This is a supple, easy-drinking wine for early consumption."	Croft-Bailey	86	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley			Westrey 1999 Croft-Bailey Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Westrey
Argentina	"Jammy berry fruits, violet notes and graham cracker define the bouquet on this high-quality, good-value Malbec. The palate isn't huge but it's well structured, and the flavors are exotic and out of the ordinary, with an emphasis on Middle Eastern spice and blue-fruit flavors. On the finish, it's chocolaty and spicy but loses steam quickly."		90	18	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Benvenuto de la Serna 2009 Malbec (Uco Valley)	Malbec	Benvenuto de la Serna
US	Tempting aromas like fresh-baked bread and ripe figs lead to inviting lemon and pear flavors in this full-bodied and nicely layered wine.		90	22	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	La Follette 2014 Chardonnay (North Coast)	Chardonnay	La Follette
US	"Landmark's Chardonnays have been getting sweeter and simpler over the years, perhaps in an attempt to appeal to the popular palate. With the 2011 Lorenzo, they have produced a ripe, oaky, buttery Chard, with orange and pineapple jam, vanilla, honey and fresh cream flavors, made for drinking now."	Lorenzo Vineyard	87	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Landmark 2010 Lorenzo Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Landmark
Uruguay	"Dark, roasted and smelling of licorice, root beer, savory oak and smoke. The palate is hard and saturated, with smack-down tannins that are surely due to the 46% Tannat in the blend. Syrah and Petit Verdot are the remaining elements in this roasted, sweet, oaky wine that finishes with burnt marshmallow."	Identity	85	20	Canelones			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gimenez Mendez 2007 Identity Red (Canelones)	Red Blend	Gimenez Mendez
Australia	"This crisp, citrusy Chardonnay is zesty and refreshing. It avoids any sense of heaviness, finishing on a tart, lemony note."		85	11	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Salena Estate 2011 Chardonnay (South Eastern Australia)	Chardonnay	Salena Estate
Italy	"Leafy underbrush, dried sage, rose, grilled herb and leather aromas lead the nose. The straightforward palate delivers sour cherry and ground white pepper alongside firm but rather fleeting tannins. Drink through 2019."	Cannubi	88	99	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Carretta 2009 Cannubi  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Tenuta Carretta
New Zealand	"Over the years, Villa Maria has been working hard on upping the quality (and the price) of its entry-level Sauvignon Blanc. No longer a Best Buy candidate, the 2008 Private Bin is still a top value, offering slightly pungent, sweaty aromas but flavors of stone fruit accented by grassy-herbal notes. There's ample weight without heaviness and a zesty, fresh finish."	Private Bin	90	18	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Villa Maria 2008 Private Bin Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Villa Maria
France	"Fermented and aged in four-year-old French oak barrels, this wine is ripe, creamy and fruity. It has a rounded character with flavors of pears and apricots to give richness. Refreshing with its zing of acidity at the end, it is ready to drink. Robert Perroud's family has been making wine since 1789. He began a vineyard conversion to biodynamic practices and considers making wine an art."		88	18	Beaujolais	Beaujolais-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Robert Perroud 2014  Beaujolais-Villages	Chardonnay	Robert Perroud
US	"Young and tight and not showing its best now, a cellarworthy wine that's the opposite of today's  flamboyant, drink-me-now style. Possesses elegance and finesse with its curranty flavors and dry, subtle tannins. Drink after 2006."		89	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Clos du Val 2000 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Clos du Val
US	"Ripe and very dry, this has flavors of raisins, blackberries and dark chocolate, with a hint of smoky oak that adds richness."		84	10	California	California	California Other			McManis 2011 Merlot (California)	Merlot	McManis
US	"Bacchus and Boushey vineyards provide the majority of the fruit for this wine, which includes a generous amount of Cabernet (8%). Aromas of vanilla, spice and red and blackberries lead to rich, full, palate-coating dark fruit flavors. Smoke and savory notes persist on the finish. It's the density of flavors that most impresses."		92	55	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Sequel 2013 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Sequel
US	"From a steep, densely planted estate vineyard, this is a lilting regional example of well-integrated oak in support of black raspberry, licorice and chalky clove. Silky tannins mark it most, providing a balance to the fruit and a pronounced, entirely delectable bite of black pepper on the finish."		94	125	California	Stags Leap District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pine Ridge 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Stags Leap District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pine Ridge
France	"Strong minerality with crisp, clean almost mouth-puckering green fruits that show structure. It is full-bodied and rich, but also with an edge of austerity."	Vau de Vey Premier Cru	89	29	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Marc Brocard 2005 Vau de Vey Premier Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Jean-Marc Brocard
US	It's hard to fall in love with this blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay. It has unripe green flavors that border on ammonia.	Vintage White	81	9	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Kenwood 2011 Vintage White White (Sonoma County)	White Blend	Kenwood
Spain	"Crisp, fresh, mild-mannered red-berry aromas are light and subtle. This feels a little narrow and astringent, while oaky, lactic flavors of plum and wood grain finish mildly raw and drawing, with ample spice character. Drink through 2018."	Javier San Pedro Reserva	89	29	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vallobera 2009 Javier San Pedro Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Vallobera
US	"Textural and beautifully detailed, this offers front-loaded flavors of cola, cocoa, graphite and tobacco, wrapped around blackberry and black-cherry fruits. Despite the relatively steep alcohol, this drinks in a lighter, more elegant, yet quite showy style."	Balcombe Vineyard Block 1B	93	60	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Patricia Green Cellars 2015 Balcombe Vineyard Block 1B Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Patricia Green Cellars
US	"This is a perfect wine for fans of stem inclusion, but perhaps not for others. The aromas show green peppercorns, pasilla chile and a very tight boysenberry. The flavors are also green with jalapeño and other peppers, against a barely ripe, dark berry backdrop."	Verna's Vineyard	88	50	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Jaffurs 2012 Verna's Vineyard Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Jaffurs
Italy	"Piccini shows confidence and consistency with this best-selling value wine. Easy aromas of wild berry, blue violet and moist earth reveal its Tuscan soul."		85	9	Tuscany	Chianti				Piccini 2010  Chianti	Sangiovese	Piccini
Germany	"Whiffs of pressed apple intensify on the palate along with shades of smoked nuts, stone and steel in this deeply mineral wine. It's honeyed and slick on entry, yet bristled by a shock of lime acidity that rallies the finish endlessly."	Serrig Schloss Saarsteiner Auslese	92	70	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Schloss Saarstein 2013 Serrig Schloss Saarsteiner Auslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Schloss Saarstein
US	"The majority of the grapes for this lithe, elegant wine come from the Zio Tony Vineyard, with the remainder from Red Car Estate. Cool-climate in its high-toned acidity and delicate features of rose and lavender, it's smooth, soft and vibrantly shaken with white pepper, a classic call-out to the Northern Rhône."		91	38	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Red Car 2011 Syrah (Sonoma Coast)	Syrah	Red Car
Portugal	"This is a lightly off-dry rosé, with a soft texture and strawberry flavors. The wine is easy to drink now, bright with acidity and smoothly finished."		84	18	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Monte da Ravasqueira 2016 Rosé (Alentejano)	Rosé	Monte da Ravasqueira
Chile	"Aromas of tree bark, cola, mushroom and black olive get this Cab going, while on the palate it keeps that savory-over-fruity character by showing meaty, mildly herbal flavors. It's full, a bit tannic and grabby. But overall it has an honest feel and integrity."	Tribute	87	17	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Caliterra 2005 Tribute Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Caliterra
US	"A little too harsh and raw, and there's heat from high alcohol, although there are other things to like about this Zin. It's dry and spicy, with complex wild berry, currant, cola and beef jerky flavors. The alcohol is 15.4%."	Heritage Selection Zen Ranch	86	26	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Bianchi 2007 Heritage Selection Zen Ranch Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Bianchi
France	"While the wine is toasty, burnt almost, the freshness of the fruit is very present, giving a light, lively touch to the weight. Give it six months to finally integrate."	Vers Agnières	89	30	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Pierre Vessigaud 2008 Vers Agnières  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Pierre Vessigaud
US	"For a few dollars more than the regular CSM Cabernet, the Indian Wells delivers extra density and complexity. It holds firm, dark fruits and is slightly grainy, but well-ripened tannins carry the wine, and it's less dependent upon oak treatments and flavors of vanilla and cream. Persistent and substantial, it's offers good value, and often sells for less than the listed price."	Indian Wells	89	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2012 Indian Wells Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"This late-release Riesling is texturally fascinating with a rich, minerally palate bursting with white grapefruit and waxy, floral flavors. Slightly off-dry in style, it's deliciously creamy and slick with a lingering finish that's kissed with caramelized sugar."		90	17	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Shaw 2008 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Shaw
US	"The winery has a good track record with Sauvignon Blancs from this vineyard. Now, they've produced a very good Syrah. It's a big, thick, Aussie Shiraz-style wine, with firm tannins housing flavors of blackberries, currants, mocha, sweet oak and black pepper. Dramatic and delicious."	Kick Ranch	89	30	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Carica 2007 Kick Ranch Syrah (Sonoma County)	Syrah	Carica
US	"Aromas of fresh asparagus, grass and tropical fruit are followed by dry, light-bodied, easy-drinking fruit flavors. This wine doesn't offer a lot of complexity but still brings appeal."		83	20	America			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Original House Wine NV Sauvignon Blanc (America)	Sauvignon Blanc	Original House Wine
US	"A deep color, concentrated fruit aromas, and equally concentrated fruit flavors give a lot of depth to this medium-bodied and lushly textured wine. It smells like black cherries and light baking spices, tastes like rhubarb and raspberry but also has some clove and cedar notes that add complexity. It's an all-around palate-pleaser that seems to keep improving hours after opening."	Oppenlander Vineyard	92	38	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Halcon 2014 Oppenlander Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mendocino)	Pinot Noir	Halcon
US	"This leads with light baking spice and apple pie aromas. The palate is broad, with abundant vanilla flavors that suggest strong oak influence."		87	17	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	The Conqueror 2015 Chardonnay (Horse Heaven Hills)	Chardonnay	The Conqueror
US	"Blackberry, soy, purple flower and caramel scents show on the nose of this bottling from a cool-climate vineyard. Deep blackberry and black currant fruit shows on the palate, accented with hints of beef char, lavender and thyme."	Lafond Vineyard	88	40	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kessler-Haak 2014 Lafond Vineyard Syrah (Sta. Rita Hills)	Syrah	Kessler-Haak
US	"Marked by extreme oak, with charred, vanilla-infused aromas and spicy wood flavors. The underlying fruit is hard to discern under all that wood, but seems to veer toward peaches. Slightly sweet, with good acidity, it will please those who think oak and Chardonnay are synonymous. —S.H."	Del Rio Vineyard	85	22	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Louis M. Martini 2000 Del Rio Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Louis M. Martini
US	"Exotic fruit aromas and concentrated fruit flavors make this full-bodied wine an attention grabber at first sip. They hold the attention through a fine-grained mouthfeel and lingering finish. A focused core of black-currant flavor runs from first whiff to last impression. It needs time, so drink after 2017."	Alder Springs Vineyard	94	48	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Spell 2012 Alder Springs Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mendocino County)	Pinot Noir	Spell
England	"A haze of summer flowers hovers across a fizzy feast of crunchy, green apple. Autolytic notes of bread stay clearly in the background while this easy, joyful wine majors on primary, crisp apple fruit and a whistle-clean finish."	Cavendish	89	39	England			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Ridgeview Estate 2013 Cavendish Sparkling (England)	Sparkling Blend	Ridgeview Estate
Germany	"A muscular, off-dry Riesling, marked by aromas of slate, melon and spice and flavors that include hints of anise and diesel oil. Although not marked as such, it seems halbtrocken in style, with just enough sugar to cushion the crisp acidity. Drink now."	Pure	89	20	Rheingau			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Wegeler 2005 Pure Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Wegeler
US	"Possessing intensely floral aromatics, this distinctive wine also pulls in Asian spices, specifically curry. The fruit hangs on the light side of the red spectrum, with a dash of cherry candy."	Le Terre Foss	87	29	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Elkhorn Ridge 2011 Le Terre Foss Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Elkhorn Ridge
Italy	"Juicy black cherry and black berry take center stage in this blend of Montelpulciano and Sangiovese. There's a hint of white pepper and mint on the close, along with just enough freshness to lift this up. Not for cellaring, so enjoy soon. Worldwide Cellars, Sussex Wine Merchants."	Torquis	87	15	Central Italy	Rosso Piceno		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Brunori 2012 Torquis  (Rosso Piceno)	Red Blend	Brunori
US	"Very rich and ripe, with masses of cherries, red currants and mocha that finish thoroughly dry and spicy. Full-bodied, too, almost like Grenache. Quite good, but a bit ungainly in youth. Needs a few years in the bottle. 2010–2013."	Limited Selection	90	48	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Gainey 2007 Limited Selection Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Gainey
US	"Spicy clove, pepper and a crunch of tannin characterize this full-bodied, 100% varietal wine that feels both leathery and herbal. Cassis and red currant notes add crispness and a wisp of fruit that grows darker and more chocolaty as it finishes."	Barrel Select	92	60	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Provenance Vineyards 2013 Barrel Select Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Provenance Vineyards
US	"This reserve begins as a vineyard-block selection, and spends nine months in 100% French oak. It's bright and brambly, melding citrus skins and oils, fresh raspberries and cherries, and a touch of chocolate. There's a hint of dustiness as well, and it's drinking quite well already: no need to wait."	Reserve	92	45	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	The Four Graces 2014 Reserve Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	The Four Graces
Italy	"Structured and focused, this gorgeous wine offers enticing scents of pressed violet, woodland berry, baking spice, tilled soil and leather. The firm palate delivers ripe black cherry, licorice, mint, tobacco and ground clove alongside youthfully assertive but refined tannins. Give this time to fully develop—it should blossom into a beauty. Drink 2018–2026."	Parafada	95	99	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Massolino 2011 Parafada  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Massolino
US	"Toasted oak integrates nicely with fresh fruit aromas. The flavors are more hidden, with subtle strawberry, black tea tannins and just enough acidity making for an even, well-priced wine."	Estate Tolsosa Vineyard	88	32	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tolosa 2012 Estate Tolsosa Vineyard Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Tolosa
Argentina	"Pretty aromas of cassis, cherry and sweet cream are inviting. Feels good, with zesty acidity and nice overall balance. Flavors of black currant, Bing cherry and plum cover the bases, while the finish is easygoing. The epitome of everyday Cabernet."	[+]	88	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Julia 2011 [+] Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Julia
Spain	"Briny notes of pickled cabbage and cider seem alarming at first but prove to be misleading. This is quite elegant, lifted and clean on the palate, while mature flavors of sourdough bread, apple, pear and dry spices finish smooth and long. Drink now."	Visol Gran Reserva Brut Nature	91	39	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mestres 2007 Visol Gran Reserva Brut Nature Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Mestres
US	"Subdued red fruit is kept fresh by moderate acidity in this boldly dense and grippy wine rich in violet aromas. Soft, integrated oak adds a spiciness of black pepper and vanilla, while the overall experience is balanced and relatively lean."	Benchland Series	90	58	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	William Hill Estate 2013 Benchland Series Malbec (Napa Valley)	Malbec	William Hill Estate
Italy	"Wild berry, crushed herb, violet and baking spice scents lift out of the glass along with a whiff of menthol. Focused and elegantly structured, the delicious palate doles out ripe Marasca cherry, raspberry compote, cinnamon, sage and white pepper, while refined tannins and bright acidity provide supple support and impeccable balance. Drink 2023–2033."	Marcenasco	95	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Renato Ratti 2013 Marcenasco  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Renato Ratti
US	"A brilliant example of how this grape can be done with deft decadence, this bottling reveals aromas of black cherry, crushed clove, nutmeg, smashed slate and tons of forest-floor components, including juniper. Black plum, mace and dark cinnamon converge on the deliciously rich palate that is bolstered by bursting acidity and big structure. But this wine may be too massive for aging, so drink up."	Boekenoogen Vineyard	94	68	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Mooney Family 2014 Boekenoogen Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Mooney Family
Spain	"Wood resin, raisin and briny berry aromas turn a bit flat with airing. The wine is full and ripe in feel, with blackberry, black cherry and toasty flavors. A long, meaty finish delivers satisfaction."	Crianza	87	14	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	R+ 2010 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	R+
US	"This wine is quite light in color, with delicate aromas of cigar box, herb and spice. The cherry flavors are full and tart, with spice notes on the finish."	Estate Wilridge Vineyard	88	35	Washington	Naches Heights	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Wilridge 2014 Estate Wilridge Vineyard Sangiovese (Naches Heights)	Sangiovese	Wilridge
US	"Distinctly wet-earth aromas of mushroom surround a line of graphite with touches of red fruit in this impressive bottling from young winemaker Cris Carter. The umami-driven flavors of shiitake and dried figs are elegant and soft in the mouth, a great fit for lovers of earthy, savory Pinot Noir."		92	35	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Weatherborne 2012 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Weatherborne
US	"A great, upscale wine to drink now with the best you can pair it with. It shows classic Napa character, with firm, dry tannins, fine acidity and blackberry and black currant flavors. It's almost entirely Cabernet Sauvignon, with tiny additions of other Bordeaux varieties. Give it a good decant, or cellar it for 5–7 years and see what happens."		92	55	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Trefethen 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Oak Knoll District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Trefethen
US	"Keenan has a good track record with Merlot, and here's a lovely one. It's softly approachable despite firm tannins, with flavors of cherries, blackberries and cola, and an earthy note that suggests mushroom risotto."		88	38	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Keenan 2010 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Keenan
Argentina	"Tropical fruit and melon aromas are basic but friendly. This has a punch-like mouthfeel as well as open-knit flavors of orange, nectarine, white grapefruit and apple. What it lacks in finesse is made up for in fruit."		84	8	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Region 1 2013 Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Region 1
US	"This is a big, ripe, distinctly New World Merlot that shows off its terroir to perfection. A long, sunny growing season has given explosive currant, blackberry jam and mocha flavors, while cool nights have preserved vital acidity and firm tannins. Drink now, with grilled steak topped with a blue cheese and brown butter sauce."	Estate Bottled	91	27	California	Mendocino Ridge				Greenwood Ridge 2006 Estate Bottled Merlot (Mendocino Ridge)	Merlot	Greenwood Ridge
Chile	Punchbowl sweetness and pineapple aromas come in front of a chunky palate with banana and oily green-fruit flavors. A short finish is heavy before it fades.		81	10	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Arauco 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Arauco
France	"This is a round full style of rosé. As a result, it is also soft and rich. The balance between the ripe strawberry fruits and the crisper acidity is just right. Drink this wine now."		87	13	Provence	Côtes de Provence La Londe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Fouques 2016 Rosé (Côtes de Provence La Londe)	Rosé	Domaine des Fouques
Chile	"This early 2016 release smells like a scented sandalwood candle. In the mouth, things are sticky and scratchy, while olive and herbal berry flavors finish with little to no change."	Special Release Reserva	85	15	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2016 Special Release Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Curicó Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Aresti
US	"This high-toned, lovely wine is a best-of blend from several vineyards—primarily Ritchie and Banfield. Sugar pie apple and fig flavors form a robustly concentrated fruitiness that's ribbed with vibrant minerality. A clarified butter-like creaminess comes through on the finish."		96	54	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Arista 2014 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Arista
Portugal	"A single-vineyard blend of Touriga Nacional and Merlot, this is a supremely dense wine. It is dark, almost black in color, concentrated both from rich tannins and wood aging. Its dark color is replicated in the dense dark character of the wine and its powerful fruits. Age this wine, don't drink before 2020."	Quinta da Viçosa TM	92	40	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2015 Quinta da Viçosa TM Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
Argentina	"This vintage of Broquel reflects the cool, challenged characteristics of the '08 vintage. It has snap and berry aromas and flavors along with obvious oak, char and mocha. The palate is more driving and linear than previous years, with juicy, snappy cherry and wood at the base. Finishes with coffee, toast and controlled bitterness."	Broquel	86	17	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trapiche 2008 Broquel Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Trapiche
US	"This wine starts out quite reductive, while also showing aromas of black olive, herbs and chocolate. It's full bodied in feel with abundant dark fruit flavors that show persistence. There are good things here but the aromas and flavors seem disconnected."		88	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Pomum 2012 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Pomum
US	"Rich flavors of blackberry jam, cassis and toasty oak mark this dry, tannic young Cab. It's not showing much subtlety or grace, but that may be a function of youth. Give it six years and see what it does."		88	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Robert John 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Robert John
US	"There's something almost Grenache-like in the flavors here, which are focused, youthful and packed with ripe red fruits. It's tart and well-tempered, and lingers gracefully. Hints of orange peel lead into an impression of orange liqueur, framing the supple tannins. Drink now through 2025."	Tanager Vineyard	93	63	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ken Wright 2014 Tanager Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Ken Wright
Portugal	"A ripe and structured wine, this is full in the mouth and rich with blackberry fruit. The tannins are firm while also finely integrated into the generous fruitiness. The wine is mature and ready to drink with a juicy aftertaste."	Quinta do Sanguinhal	90	29	Obidos			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Sanguinhal 2009 Quinta do Sanguinhal Red (Obidos)	Portuguese Red	Sanguinhal
US	"Spicy, sharp, tart and deep. A compact mix of melon, pear, green apple and gooseberry fruit. This has exceptional structure and density for a wine listing such low alcohol, yet no hint of sweetness."		91	18	Oregon	Columbia Gorge (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Wy'East Vineyards 2010 Pinot Gris (Columbia Gorge (OR))	Pinot Gris	Wy'East Vineyards
Germany	"Lemon rind and fresh, green herbs add a flash of elegance to this dry, intensely textural Riesling. It's lush and rich with stonefruit flavor, but bristles on the palate with lime pith and jasmine tea astringency. Sunny and bright, but brisk with acidity."	Piesporter Goldtröpfchen GG Trocken	92	64	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2010 Piesporter Goldtröpfchen GG Trocken Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
Italy	"This earthy wine unfolds with aromas of wet soil, leather, underbrush, mature black fruit and just a whiff of barnyard. The warm, dense palate doles out overripe and sugary black cherry extract, milk chocolate and cinnamon."		87	29	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Calonica 2010  Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Red Blend	La Calonica
France	A white this age should be fresh and crisp; this one is a bit dull and shows only faint bitter lemon flavors on the finish to go with tired apple aromas.		80	8	Southwest France	Bergerac		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Seigneurs de Bergerac 1999 White (Bergerac)	White Blend	Seigneurs de Bergerac
US	"This is your average California Chardonnay, oaky, creamy, soft and forward in tropical fruits, oranges and limes."		85	24	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			White Oak 2011 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	White Oak
Argentina	"Foxy cherry and cough drop aromas are not convincing. Feels astringent and tastes tart, with sharp but candied cherry, faux oak and milk chocolate flavors. Blends sour notes with sweet oak, all to little avail."	Family Vineyards Organic Legacy Old Vines Single Vineyard	82	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Caligiore 2009 Family Vineyards Organic Legacy Old Vines Single Vineyard Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Caligiore
US	"Although this is dry and nicely tart in acidity, it's unripe and green, with a severe feline aroma to the citrus fruits."		82	18	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Hill Wine Company 2010 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Hill Wine Company
US	"This is quite light and lemony, closer to an Italian Pinot Grigio than to an Oregon Pinot Gris. What it lacks in flesh it compensates for in freshness and vitality; the subtle fruit flavors suggest Asian pear, jicama and cucumber. It would be a lovely match for a light fish such as rainbow trout or Dover sole."	Traditions	87	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Milbrandt 2009 Traditions Pinot Gris (Columbia Valley (WA))	Pinot Gris	Milbrandt
US	"With sweet blackberry, cassis, anise and mocha flavors, this Cabernet is a flashy wine, but you'll find some overripe, raisiny notes toward the finish. Drink now before it goes downhill."	Estate	88	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Ideology Cellars 2008 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ideology Cellars
US	"A good example of white Zin for its millions of fans. It's off-dry to sweet, with honeyed flavors of raspberries and vanilla."	White	84	7	California	California	California Other			Barefoot NV White Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Barefoot
US	"There's lots of smoothness to this Cabernet. It's at its best now, showing delicious layers of black currants, anise and sandalwood, wrapped into firm but supple tannins. Gets an extra point for fanciness."		87	20	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Owl Ridge 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Owl Ridge
South Africa	"A strong spicy meat and smoky aroma adds interest to the mulled boysenberry and blackberry fruit core. Dark fruit flavors continue in the mouth, where licorice, plum sauce, cigar box spice and a touch of black olive also unfold to add depth to the palate. Firm but fine tannins and a long finish seal the deal nicely."		90	42	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Snow Mountain 2009 Syrah (Western Cape)	Syrah	Snow Mountain
France	"This is an intensely grassy, herby Sauvignon Blanc (100%) that is vividly fresh, with upfront fruit that has a New World character. Grapefruit, green berries, lime juice and white currants all come together. Delicious now."	La Grande Cuvée	87	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Blanc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Dourthe 2007 La Grande Cuvée  (Bordeaux Blanc)	Sauvignon Blanc	Dourthe
France	"An almost creamy wave of pear fruit hits the nose. The palate is equally soft and full fruited, boosted by residual sweetness that makes the fruit fluid and rounded. This is countered by ample zesty freshness that has a pithy slightly bitter edge. The finish is just off dry and clean."		88	15	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Joseph Fritsch 2016 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Joseph Fritsch
US	"Intense aromas of day lilies, honey and spiced canned peaches abound in this not quite “dry” Riesling. The mouth feels a bit confected with so much sunny orange marmalade and lemondrop flavors, but the finish ends drier with a hint of bitter orange pith."	Dry	85	24	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Waters Crest 2009 Dry Riesling (New York)	Riesling	Waters Crest
US	"Kudos to Siduri for offering a serious Oregon Pinot Noir at alcohol levels (13%) reminiscent of Burgundy. It's a welcome tilt for the state that once was tagged as the new world's Burgundian hope, but which has sometimes seemed more like a California wannabe. Light and tart, this isn't a complex wine but brings the delicate nuances of the grape, with cranberry, citrus and strawberry."	Hawk's View Vineyard	88	39	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Siduri 2006 Hawk's View Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
US	"Syrupy and dense, this is a burly wine, soft but powerful, that keeps coming back to the theme of blackberry syrup. Velvety tannins buoy the midpoint, before it finishes in a burst of intense ripeness."	Rattler Rock Old Vine	86	33	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Truett Hurst 2012 Rattler Rock Old Vine Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Truett Hurst
Germany	"Rich without being overly sweet, this wine's aromas are redolent of dried apricots, with a hint of shiitake mushroom as well. Gingery spice balances the honeyed richness on the palate, and extends through the long finish."	Berncasteler Doctor Auslese	92	55	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Dr. H. Thanisch (Erben Müller-Burggraef) 2009 Berncasteler Doctor Auslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. H. Thanisch (Erben Müller-Burggraef)
US	"This immensely likeable wine, from the Oak Knoll section of the valley, avoids the overly fat, soft fruit of warmer areas, while preserving vital acidity. There's plenty of cassis fruit, and 50% new oak, but it's wonderfully balanced, with a modest 13.5% alcohol. You might easily mistake it for a fine St.-Julien, it's that good."	Blue Tooth Vineyard	93	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Cenay 1999 Blue Tooth Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cenay
US	"These old vines produce a powerful wine, that retains strong flavors of stem and earth despite the extra ripeness in 2012. The red berry fruit slides into suggestions of tomato juice."	Tualatin Estate	87	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Willamette Valley Vineyards 2012 Tualatin Estate Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Willamette Valley Vineyards
France	"In the Brigue range, this is the entry-level wine. With its attractive fruits and lively acidity, the wine is easy and crisp. It has a clean pure red-fruit flavor that makes it refreshing and ready to drink."	Signature	87	12	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Brigue 2016 Signature Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château de Brigue
Portugal	"This wine is ripe and fruity, layered with attractive tannins and red-berry fruits. It is bright, crisp at the edges although also with a smoky, firm core. Drink this wine from 2020."	Maritávora 6 Classic	88	17	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maritávora 2014 Maritávora 6 Classic Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Maritávora
US	"This light salmon-colored wine was made from 50% Syrah and 50% Grenache. It has enough flavor and textural richness to pair nicely with something as fatty as ribs or a hamburger, its peachy, melony aromas and ripe fruit flavors supported by ample acidity."	Vin Gris	89	22	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	The Forager 2016 Vin Gris Rosé (Mendocino County)	Rosé	The Forager
US	"Seriously refreshing, this pink and copper-colored medium-bodied wine has dazzling citrus aromas, pink grapefruit and raspberry flavors and great acidity that wakes up the taste buds. Made from Grenache and Counoise grapes, it's just the thing for an alfresco lunch or to pour with appetizers before dinner."	Dry	91	30	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Murrieta's Well 2016 Dry Rosé (Livermore Valley)	Rosé	Murrieta's Well
Spain	"Snappy and a little green on the nose, with hints of juniper and green apple. The palate is perfectly good but nothing special, while the flavors of apple and citrus are punchy and pure. Frothy but controlled, with lots of flavor and forward kick. Apéritif city!"	Brut Reserva	88	13	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps 2006 Brut Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Juvé y Camps
Argentina	"Briny raspberry aromas are a bit murky. This smacks down hard with acidity, while the flavors run toward earthy, generic plum and berry. A salty finish with animal notes is firm but struggles with cleanliness."		82	8	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casa de Campo 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Casa de Campo
US	"The Grand Ciel Vineyard seems to be coming into maturity, and this shows impressive depth and complexity. Infused with flavors of rock and light herb,with hints of stem, anise, coffee and cocoa, it nonetheless remains firmly anchored in ripe black cherry and cassis. This could easily be cellared for 10–15 years."	Grand Ciel	93	140	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	DeLille 2008 Grand Ciel Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	DeLille
Italy	"Aromas that recall cellar floor, toast and espresso lead the nose. The full-bodied palate shows oak, roasted coffee bean and ripe black cherry framed in assertive tannins. Drink after 2019."		88	40	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Negretti 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Negretti
Italy	"Enticing Sangiovese aromas of truffle, ripe dark-skinned berry, pressed violet and new leather lead the way on this delicious red. The smooth succulent palate doles out juicy Marasca cherry, crushed raspberry, baking spice and wild herb framed in velvety tannins that envelope the palate while a licorice note wraps around the finish. Drink 2018–2026."	Riserva	95	105	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Collosorbo 2011 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Collosorbo
US	"Well integrated charred oak melds well with ripe blackberry and black plum aromas in this blend of Merlot from a cooperative of Long Island winemakers. This is a full-bodied wine with an intensely concentrated black fruit character, a kick of earthy, barnyard funk and firm, structured tannins."	Merliance	86	35	New York	Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Long Island Merlot Alliance 2007 Merliance Merlot (Long Island)	Merlot	Long Island Merlot Alliance
Austria	"Rich and soft, this is a fine blended wine that shows layers of wood, ripe tannins, flavors of blackberry fruits and good balancing acidity. There is a delicious juiciness from the St Laurent, which is tightened by the other grapes in the blend."	Kashmir	86	24	Burgenland			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Hafner 2003 Kashmir Red (Burgenland)	Red Blend	Hafner
US	"The grapes sure got ripe even in this cool, balanced vintage, so that the wine is jammy in cherry, black raspberry and cola flavors. It's delicious and crisply elegant, with a silky texture, but a little direct and forward. Probably at its best now."	Sangiacomo Vineyards	88	48	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Tandem 2005 Sangiacomo Vineyards Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Tandem
US	"Here's a big, rich, tannic Syrah that's full bodied and dense, and exploding with blackberry, currant, mocha, cedar and spice flavors. Notable for its tannin structure, it's clearly made from well-grown grapes, and balanced in structure. It's resistant now, however, holding its best under a cloak of astringency. Should begin to mellow around 2015 and really take off through 2020."	Bien Nacido Vineyard Z Block	91	59	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			La Fenêtre 2009 Bien Nacido Vineyard Z Block Syrah (Santa Maria Valley)	Syrah	La Fenêtre
Canada	"Sourced from a single vineyard on Oliver's North Bench, this was fermented and aged in one-quarter new French oak barrels. The time in oak has somewhat muted the snappy vitality of the fruit (some tasters might argue it has simply rounded it off). Grassy hints of fresh asparagus remain, and with peppery herb, juicy gooseberry and citrus peel."	Blue Terrace Vineyard Reserve	90	23	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Township 7 2015 Blue Terrace Vineyard Reserve Sauvignon Blanc (Okanagan Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Township 7
US	"Rich and ripe, this has a plushness of red currant and cassis counterbalanced by blackberry on the underbelly. A well-hewn texture leans leathery, with seasonings of black pepper giving it a piquant and lengthy finish."	Bench Blend	91	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	William Hill Estate 2012 Bench Blend Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	William Hill Estate
US	"Fruit and barrel aromas intermingle, with notes of vanilla, coconut, wood spice, clove and red berries. The red fruit flavors are fresh and focused, with lightly grainy tannins providing the frame."	Lewis Vineyard Artist Series	90	75	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dunham 2012 Lewis Vineyard Artist Series Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Dunham
Chile	"Pungent, pure aromas of citrus and tarragon are appealing. This feels upright and tangy, with bright, driving acidity. Grapefruit, lime and jalapeño flavors finish juicy, with leftover citrus notes and a dash of white pepper."	Castillo de Molina Reserva	89	11	Elqui Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Pedro 2016 Castillo de Molina Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Elqui Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	San Pedro
US	"A heavy, oaky Chardonnay whose tropical fruit and vanilla flavors are dull."		82	23	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Frisby 2009 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Frisby
Italy	"Attractive aromas of rose, wild berry and aromatic herb lead the nose on this elegantly structured red. The bright palate offers crushed raspberry, juicy dark cherry, licorice and clove alongside firm polished tannins. A flinty mineral note energizes the finish. Hold for more complexity. Drink 2019–2026."	Riserva	93	60	Piedmont	Gattinara		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Travaglini 2011 Riserva  (Gattinara)	Nebbiolo	Travaglini
Italy	"Ser Lapo is a celebration of Tuscan Sangiovese with refined berry aromas and cherry undertones followed by blue flower, cola and spice. The color, consistency and fruit flavors are all excellent."	Ser Lapo Riserva	91	60	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Mazzei 2006 Ser Lapo Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Mazzei
US	"Lovely aromatics introduce this single vineyard Syrah with a snootfull of raspberry, pomegranate, cherry and rock. There's an elusive whiff of diesel also, lifting the palate of this very young, very compact wine. This could easily go 8–10 years in the cellar."	Les Collines Vineyard	93	34	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Burnt Bridge 2011 Les Collines Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Burnt Bridge
US	"An aromatically appealing wine with notes of cinnamon, chocolate and cherry. Unfortunately, it's quite tart with grainy, somewhat bitter tannins."	Reserve	86	24	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Canoe Ridge 2010 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Canoe Ridge
US	"The earthy and leafy aromas are akin to Chilean Merlot. The plum flavors are attractive but there's also an indistinct berry/tomato taste that lowers the bar. A smooth, round, carefree wine better geared to casual parties than contemplative sipping."	Reserve	84	10	California	North Coast	North Coast			Corbett Canyon 1997 Reserve Merlot (North Coast)	Merlot	Corbett Canyon
Argentina	"Deep and dense from head to toe, this Malbec-Cabernet Sauvignon-Merlot blend opens with heavy, loamy black-fruit aromas along with coconut, graphite, cedar and tobacco scents. A definitively rich and chewy palate is tannic and heady but cushioned, while baked, toasty blackberry flavors come with vanilla and marzipan notes and an inky, chewy, thick finish. Drink through 2019."	Vineyard Selection	92	65	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Perdriel 2009 Vineyard Selection Red (Mendoza)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Finca Perdriel
US	"Deep and refined, this beautifully integrated Syrah opens with scents of briar, berry, and cherry. Details of light pepper, iron and earth are buoyed by vivid acids. Complex, aromatic and graceful."		91	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tulpen 2006 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Tulpen
France	"Some firm tannins give solid structure and smoky character to this wine, an exotic blend of Merlot, Abouriou and Malbec. The juicy berry fruits are round and full in the mouth. It's a ripe wine, with a solid structure that gives balance to the fruitiness."	La Vieille Eglise	88	15	Southwest France	Côtes du Marmandais		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cave du Marmandais 2011 La Vieille Eglise Red (Côtes du Marmandais)	Red Blend	Cave du Marmandais
Portugal	"Pale red in color, this fruity rosé was one of the originals in the current pink Vinho Verde trend. It is still one of the best. It has a lively, ripe strawberry note accompanied by a touch of caramel and bright acidity."		86	10	Vinho Verde			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa do Valle 2011 Rosé (Vinho Verde)	Rosé	Casa do Valle
France	"This is full and fruity with great swathes of smoky tannins. Structured and concentrated, it promises a good future. Strawberry and red-plum flavors are there, along with the darker tannic element. Drink from 2019."	Les Peuilletes Premier Cru	93	55	Burgundy	Savigny-lès-Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Albert Bichot 2014 Les Peuilletes Premier Cru  (Savigny-lès-Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Albert Bichot
US	"Always reliable, and often a value, this vintage William Hill hits paydirt with well-etched blackcurrant flavors wrapped in a shroud of toasty oak. The dry tannins are dusty and complex, and the wine feels velvety on the palate."		90	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			William Hill Estate 2000 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	William Hill Estate
Italy	"Perfumed berry, pressed violet, leather and a balsamic note lead the nose of this 100% Sangiovese. The sleek, savory palate doles out fleshy black cherry, licorice, clove and tobacco interwoven with lithe tannins and fresh acidity."	Al Limite	90	24	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Leonino 2012 Al Limite  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	San Leonino
Italy	"Missoni is an oak-aged Cabernet Sauvignon that opens with soft, chewy fruit and aromas of cherry liqueur, rum cake, espresso and exotic spice. The mouthfeel is plush, round and driven by plump blackberry flavors."	Missoni	87	21	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Feudi del Pisciotto 2009 Missoni Cabernet Sauvignon (Sicilia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Feudi del Pisciotto
US	"Impressively thick and dark for Joey Tensley's new entry-level brand, this wine's deep and dark aromas of slate-flecked soil makes for a very earthy impression on the nose, along with expected hints of tar, purple flowers and boysenberry. Condensed cassis flavors show on the sip along with hints of lavender and blueberry, laced together by soft tannins and an upright acidity."		89	18	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Tensley 2015 Syrah (Central Coast)	Syrah	Tensley
US	"Baking spice and vanilla aromas are at the fore, followed by blue fruit and barrel spices. The barrel influence (71% new French and American) leads on the palate as well, with abundant vanilla flavors that wash over the fruit. There's some good fruit underneath, if you can get to it."	Cold Creek Vineyard	87	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2013 Cold Creek Vineyard Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"A blend of Zinfandel, Petite Sirah and Carignane, this wine is dry and rigid in tannins. It's briary and brambly with berry flavors accented with tobacco, currant and spice. There's a raw power to this wine that would suit barbecue or a hearty beef stew."	Lytton Springs	88	38	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Ridge 2011 Lytton Springs Red (Dry Creek Valley)	Red Blend	Ridge
Portugal	"The quinta that produced this wine already has one of Saint Teresa d'Avila's poems etched above its doorway and now it's honoring the 500th anniversary of her birth with this release. This is a solid blend of rich dark fruits that offers earthly comfort. It is spicy, dark and densely structured. Fine acidity keeps the wine fresh at the end. Drink from 2017."	Homenagem Reserva	91	30	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Lapa 2013 Homenagem Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta da Lapa
US	"A pale pink in the glass, this light and clean bottling shows aromas of chalk, pink flowers, watermelon and a slice of lime. It's crisp on the sip with a tight texture, offering a very quaffable bubblegum flavor."	Mossfire Ranch	88	15	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Rabble 2016 Mossfire Ranch Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	Rabble
Italy	"A juicy blend of Nero d'Avola and Nerello Mascalese, this wine offers blackberry and black cherry flavors in a friendly, easy-drinking style. It's perfect for everyday dinners and informal occasions."	Rosso	86	13	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Corvo 2012 Rosso Red (Terre Siciliane)	Red Blend	Corvo
US	"This Pinot is all about fruit, which is both its strength and its limitation. Raspberries, strawberries, persimmons are there, alongside caramelized, buttery oak. The finish is tannic and dry. Drink by 2016, after decanting."	Sangiacomo Vineyard	87	46	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Bruliam 2012 Sangiacomo Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Bruliam
Italy	"Here's a very attractive and seductive Barolo with chiseled mineral tones that really help the wine stand out in a crowd. Layers of graphite and slate give purity, linearity and clarity to this austere and elegant expression. Earthy tones, as well as forest berry flavors, appear on the long finish."	Costa di Bussia	92	50	Piedmont	Barolo				Tenuta Arnulfo 2006 Costa di Bussia  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Tenuta Arnulfo
US	"Coming from one of the appellation's most consistent producers, this offers a tight, restrained nose of blackberry and licorice. It's also tight and bright on the palate, with refreshing flavors of black cherries and crushed rocks. An expert balance of tannins and acidity gives the mouth a clean wash."	Bailey Ranch Dry Farmed	90	38	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lone Madrone 2011 Bailey Ranch Dry Farmed Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Lone Madrone
Germany	"Riper notes of pink grapefruit and tangerine distinguish this dry Riesling from Georg Albrecht Schneider's other 2014 wines. The palate is cutting and crisp, showcasing tart limes and gooseberries against a blossomy finish. Drink now."	Niersteiner Paterberg Vom Kalk Limestone Kabinett Trocken	88	15	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Weingut Georg Albrecht Schneider 2014 Niersteiner Paterberg Vom Kalk Limestone Kabinett Trocken Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Weingut Georg Albrecht Schneider
US	"Lots of ripe berry and pomegranate notes give a fruity profile to this dry, medium-bodied, fresh and lightly tannic wine. It will be a good quaffing wine for lunch or dinner with mushroom pizza or grilled chicken."	Highlander	86	24	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Chacewater 2013 Highlander Red (Sierra Foothills)	Red Blend	Chacewater
Italy	"A medium-weight contender whose fruit struggles to be acknowledged above the oak. There are some dark cherry and cocoa notes, especially on the nose, but in the end the oak rules, through the toasty, medium-length finish."	Querciolo Riserva	84	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Podere La Cappella 1997 Querciolo Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Podere La Cappella
US	"A bit of leather and barnyard marks this Cabernet Sauvignon's nose, but it does not mask the plum and black cherry notes. The finish is layered with dark chocolate and espresso flavors."		88	17	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Mercer Canyons 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mercer Canyons
France	"Tense and dark, this has firm, dry tannins that overlay black plum skin and black fig flavors. The wine shows richness but also a foursquare solid structure and weight that is balanced by a final sweet, satisfying juicy acidity."		88	70	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2005  Nuits-St.-Georges	Pinot Noir	Chanson Père et Fils
US	"A delicious, complex Merlot, although all the parts haven't come together and it needs time in the cellar. It's extraordinarily rich in oak-inspired black cherries, red currants, violets, cocoa, spices and sweet sandalwood, and it should develop nuance and bottle bouquet after 2012."	Frediani Vineyard	91	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Selene 2007 Frediani Vineyard Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Selene
US	"One of the best Russian River Pinots you can buy at this price. Shows classically rich pomegranate, persimmon and cherry fruit, enhanced with sweet oak, with a silky texture and a long, spicy finish. Kudos to winemaker Ed Kurtzman for bringing it all together."		92	32	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			August West 2011 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	August West
US	"This is very fresh and nicely detailed, with just 13% alcohol allowing some of the more subtle Sauvignon Blanc flavors to show. Some of the oldest vines in the state—more than 35 years old—are a prime component. Melon, green apple, lime and grapefruit flavors all mingle; acids are just right and the balance could not be better for lighter seafood and poultry."		89	9	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Arbor Crest 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Arbor Crest
US	"The aromas on this widely available Delicato Family bottling—nectarine, chamomile and chalk—are subtle but approachable. It's well hewn on the palate, with touches of butter, baking spice, poached Asian pear and wafts of smoke."	446	89	13	California	San Bernabe	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Noble Vines 2015 446 Chardonnay (San Bernabe)	Chardonnay	Noble Vines
US	"McKinley Springs vineyard has provided the grapes, and Joe Gunselman has crafted a spicy, forward and aromatic Syrah, co-fermenting it with 5% Viognier. The light fruit flavors of raspberry and pie cherry—remain clear and fresh through the mid-palate, but fail to add to that slender strength in the finish. In fact, the wine turns a bit chalky, and feels prematurely dried out, without the complexity that made the glorious 2005 so memorable."		87	30	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Robert Karl 2006 Syrah (Horse Heaven Hills)	Syrah	Robert Karl
US	"Brambly blackberry and leathery tar make for a full-bodied atmosphere around what is actually a fairly light, integrated and smooth wine. Clove and black currant give the finish a spicy edge."		87	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rutherford Ranch 2013 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Rutherford Ranch
US	"This full-bodied but agile wine combines smoky, toasty, peppery aromas with tasty black currant and dark chocolate flavors that remain on the austere side, but promise good development through at least 2018. The texture is tannic, but the mouthfeel is not harsh, conveying plenty of power gently contained."	Christian's Reserve	90	45	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Six Sigma Ranch 2010 Christian's Reserve Tempranillo (Lake County)	Tempranillo	Six Sigma Ranch
US	"This wine is 73% Cabernet Sauvignon and a whopping 27% Petit Verdot, with the fruit coming from Yellow Bird and Tokar vineyards. Brooding aromas of freshly tilled soil, dried flowers, herbs and cherry lead to a richly flavored but well-balanced palate. It should age well."	Coalescence	91	32	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tulpen 2010 Coalescence Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Tulpen
Italy	"Aromas suggesting mature berry, dried herb, scorched soil and espresso lead the nose. The medium-bodied palate is already evolved, offering prune, dried black cherry, mocha and a hint of licorice alongside soft acidity and fine-grained tannins. Drink sooner rather than later to capture the remaining fruit."	Clemente VII Gran Selezione	88	50	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castelli del Grevepesa 2011 Clemente VII Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Castelli del Grevepesa
Italy	"Camphor, espresso and black-skinned berry lead the nose while the delicious palate offers crushed black raspberry, orange peel, white pepper, chopped herb and a hint of star anise. It's tightly wound with youthfully firm but elegant tannins. Drink 2018–2024."	Monvigliero	92	67	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Paolo Scavino 2012 Monvigliero  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Paolo Scavino
Italy	"This wine's nose suggests game, forest floor, truffle and leather. It's tight and raw, offering roasted coffee bean, powdered sage, licorice and unripe cherry notes set against a backdrop of raspy tannins and firm acidity."	Santo Cristoforo	86	48	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pietro Rinaldi 2013 Santo Cristoforo  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Pietro Rinaldi
US	"The tartness in this wine veers slightly sour, with the acidity dialed perhaps a notch too high. Herb and salt intermix to give a more savory character, with a freshness to the finish."	Estate	84	30	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Uptick Vineyards 2011 Estate Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Uptick Vineyards
Germany	"Intense minerality penetrates through the nose and palate of this dry, remarkably bold Riesling, highlighting notes of fresh pineapple and white grapefruit. The mouthfeel is creamy and viscous, but bitter lemon pith and herb notes lend balance and complexity. Drink now through 2016."	Saulheimer Probstey Trocken	91	46	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Thörle 2011 Saulheimer Probstey Trocken Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Thörle
US	"Market Vineyards wines take their names from the financial world, which leads to the question... Merval? Turns out it's the common name for the Argentine stock exchange (not a blend of Merlot and Valium). This is a fine, Washington-style Malbec, the tannins ripe and slightly grainy, with fruit flavors of strawberry compote, cassis and blueberry. Ground coffee permeates the finish."	Merval	91	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Market Vineyards 2009 Merval Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Market Vineyards
France	This is a big wine in its breadth of flavors and structure. Powerful tannins give hints of the wood aging. The ripe black fruit is given a crisp edge by the acidity that is typical of the vintage. The wine will certainly age well. Drink from 2023.		94	120	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Certan de May de Certan 2014  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Certan de May de Certan
France	"Light and bright, this fruity wine has a more bitter element that gives a sharper character that will hopefully round out. At the back, plenty of acidity leaves a crisp aftertaste."		84	25	Burgundy	Mâcon-Villages		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Saumaize-Michelin 2013  Mâcon-Villages	Chardonnay	Domaine Saumaize-Michelin
Italy	"This opens with characteristic aromas of wild berry, wet earth, white truffle and roasted coffee bean. It feels rich and concentrated in the mouth, but never heavy or sticky."	Clemente VII Riserva	90	26	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Castelli del Grevepesa 2008 Clemente VII Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Castelli del Grevepesa
US	"Rich in red currant, cassis, licorice, cola, vanilla cream and smoky oak flavors, with a smoothly tannic texture, this wine seems to be Cabernet-based. It's made solidly along Napa cult Cab lines, a softly voluptuous wine that's delicious now, and should age well for many years. From Hagafen."	Reserve Melange	92	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Prix 2004 Reserve Melange Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Prix
US	"Co-fermented with 5% Viognier, this Syrah is direct and appealing with notes of boysenberry jam, smoked meat and orange peel. The palate is soft and sumptuous in feel with tart fruit flavors."		88	29	Idaho			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cinder 2010 Syrah	Syrah	Cinder
Italy	"A blend of Friulano, Chardonnay and Sauvignon, this opens with aromas evoking toast, butterscotch, aromatic herb and graphite. The rounded palate offers dried yellow apple, crushed thyme, lemon peel and a hint of salty mineral. It closes on a pleasantly bitter almond note."		89	23	Northeastern Italy	Collio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ronco Blanchis 2015 White (Collio)	White Blend	Ronco Blanchis
Portugal	"This wine combines freshness and structure. It's full of acidity and bright berry fruits. At the same time, the solid structure gives the wine balance and a fine future. Wood aging offers further support to the fruitiness of this ageworthy wine. Drink from 2017."	Andreza Reserva	88	18	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2012 Andreza Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Wines & Winemakers
US	"There's 19% Syrah and 5% Petite Sirah blended in, making for a succulent wine, with spicy, lively fruit leading the charge. There's enough acid to give it structure and balance, but not so much that the wine seems edgy or sour. Full bodied, mouthfilling, flavorful and distinctive."	Eagle Point Vineyard	92	24	California	Mendocino		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Edmeades 1998 Eagle Point Vineyard Zinfandel (Mendocino)	Zinfandel	Edmeades
Portugal	"There is some of the mineral character that is typical of the Douro in this black-fruit-laden wine. It has acidity and tannins and a stalky, juicy character that keeps it crisp. The wine is ready to drink now."	Bote	85	8	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casca Wines 2015 Bote Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Casca Wines
Spain	"Full on the nose, with heavy black plum and tea aromas that fall off towards herbal. The palate is big, clampy and tannic, with herbal berry and black plum flavors along with a hint of grass. Finishes with size and power. Made with certified organic grapes."	Tempranillo Made With Organic Grapes	85	10	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Paso a Paso 2009 Tempranillo Made With Organic Grapes Tempranillo (La Mancha)	Tempranillo	Paso a Paso
US	"An intriguing, eye-opening blend of Grenache and Pinot Noir, this shows stewed strawberry, black cardamon, clove and wet slate on the nose. Flavors of deeply ripe strawberries mesh with black pepper, soy, potpourri and dried purple flowers on the juicy but tight palate."	Nocturnum Commemoration Cuvee	93	39	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kynsi 2012 Nocturnum Commemoration Cuvee Red (San Luis Obispo County)	Red Blend	Kynsi
France	"There is a great burst of appealing acidity in this wine, accompanied by refreshing red fruits. This balanced wine is lively, crisp and with plenty of flavor. Drink now."	Château Haut Mondain	88	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Les Hauts de Palette 2016 Château Haut Mondain Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Les Hauts de Palette
US	"A richly layered white, this wine opens in butterscotch and mango, making no bones about its ripeness and voluptuous nature. Acidity saves the day and keeps the proceedings from getting out of hand, allowing the finish to find balance."	Water Bend	90	26	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Geyser Peak 2013 Water Bend Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Geyser Peak
France	"This Château tends to release rich wines. The tannins and fruits are there, but they have been exaggerated with a hint of bitterness. In a year or two it will soften, but the harshness will remain."		85	65	Bordeaux	Canon-Fronsac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Roullet 2009  Canon-Fronsac	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Roullet
US	"Fruit, wonderful fruit flavors drive this rich and ripe wine from the first whiff to the lingering finish. Very little obvious oak intrudes on the vivid strawberry, cherry and black currant notes that are backed by a firm but velvety texture of fine-grained tannins and good acidity. Save this wine until at least 2018 if you can, to allow more bottle bouquet to develop."	Angel Camp	95	90	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Donum 2013 Angel Camp Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Donum
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, this opens with aromas that recall green bell pepper, mature plum and soy sauce. The palate offers dried cherry, fig and a hint of baking spice alongside evolved, fleeting tannins. It's already extremely accessible so drink soon."	Farnito Camponibbio	87	45	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Carpineto 2007 Farnito Camponibbio Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Carpineto
France	"From one of the leading estates in Listrac, this is a ripe structured wine. It has firm tannins and a dark core of dry wood aging. Balanced with that is the blackberry fruit and generous superripe Merlot. The wine needs time, so don't drink before 2019."		88	24	Bordeaux	Listrac-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saransot-Dupré 2014  Listrac-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Saransot-Dupré
France	"While the nose gives little away, the palate has a shy but very seductive nature: floral borders of honeysuckle adorn the edges of tart, fresh apple fruit and are highlighted by lemony acidity. The body is light and dry and shows playfulness and charm against a more serious, stony background. A very charming, subtle wine."	Sommerberg Grand Cru	92	30	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Biecher & Schaal 2014 Sommerberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Biecher & Schaal
US	"A mild concentration of cherry, green herb, spice and rose petals mark the nose. Softly grained tannins offer just enough grip to this medium-bodied wine, with high-toned cherry and cranberry leading the flavors."	Arrivato 1913 Ameritage	86	29	Virginia	Virginia		Alexander Peartree		James Charles 2014 Arrivato 1913 Ameritage Red (Virginia)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	James Charles
Spain	"Ripe heady aromas of black cherry, licorice and fir tree are lightly herbal, foresty and on the money. This feels tight as a box of nails, with firm tannins. Black plum, black cherry, blackberry and peppery flavors finish toasty and dark. This has a lot of life left in it. Drink through 2024."	Cartoixa	92	40	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Scala Dei 2012 Cartoixa Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Scala Dei
US	"Made from three selections of Pinot Noir and aged in one-year-old barrels, this is a forward Pinot Noir, rich in raspberries, cherries, spicy bacon and smoky sandalwood flavors. It's a dazzler, and best now for its youthful appeal."	Three Plumes	92	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			TR Elliott 2008 Three Plumes Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	TR Elliott
US	"Gavin Chanin's take on this vineyard shows lots of dark but never heavy spice on the nose, with bergamot, white sage and damp eucalyptus forest complementing the raspberry fruit. The palate clings to a line of graphite minerality, with cooked raspberry torte and loamy earth flavors leading into a black-tea finish."	Zotovich Vineyard	93	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chanin 2013 Zotovich Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Chanin
US	"Good everyday Pinot. It's a bit rough in texture and thin in fruit, but gets the job done. Shows cherry, currant and cola flavors, boosted by bright Carneros acidity. Drink now."		85	40	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			ZD 2007 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	ZD
Portugal	"This deeply impressive blend of 20 different varieties comes from a vineyard at the top of the Gaivosa estate that was oddly ignored for many years. With black plum fruit, dense tannins and intense acidity, it's built for longterm aging. Drink from 2021."	Abandonado	94	85	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Alves de Sousa 2013 Abandonado Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Alves de Sousa
US	"Sweet and simple, this soft wine has sugary berry and cola flavors."	Sweet Red Coastal Series	81	16	California	California	California Other			Arrow Creek 2010 Sweet Red Coastal Series Red (California)	Red Blend	Arrow Creek
Italy	"This Riesling from Piedmont has a fragrance of white spring flowers accented by a hint of honey and beeswax. The palate is nervy and fresh, showing ripe pear, white pepper, clove and honey notes."		87	25	Piedmont	Langhe		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ca' del Baio 2011 Riesling (Langhe)	Riesling	Ca' del Baio
US	"The aromas come off as quite green, with notes of bell pepper and garden herbs more reminiscent of a Cabernet Franc. The flavors are elegant and show more of the same. It's an exploration of Cabernet's greener side, surprising considering the warmer vintage and region."		87	36	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Hightower 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hightower
US	"The creamy, spicy nose of this elegant Chardonnay is followed by a balanced combination of fresh fruit and mellow spice. Flavorful but not overly complex, the wine will pair well with seafood and richer poultry dishes."		85	11	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Fulkerson 2006 Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Fulkerson
US	"Dry, acidic and tannic, with simple flavors of coffee, black currants and black pepper, this wine is also overripe, with a raisiny finish."	Eclipse	82	29	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			River Star 2011 Eclipse Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	River Star
Italy	"Baking spice, perfumed berry and crushed floral scents mingle together on this bright red. The straightforward palate offers black cherry, white pepper and clove accompanied by zesty acidity and fine-grained tannins. Drink through 2018."		88	25	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Setriolo 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Setriolo
Israel	"This wine has aromas of lemongrass and apricot with a touch of petrol. It offers flavors of peach, apricot, vanilla and jasmine. It is very soft in the mouth, and the bright finish is marked by floral notes."	Mt. Tabor	87	15	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Tabor 2014 Mt. Tabor Chardonnay (Galilee)	Chardonnay	Tabor
New Zealand	"This clean, crisp, medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc boasts standard regional notes of tomato leaf and white grapefruit without going too far into the tropical-fruit spectrum. Drink now."		87	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Giesen 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Giesen
South Africa	"An appealing nose of pepper and anise leads here, with meaty, smoky flavors following. On the palate, this is full of flavor. Structured tannins give it an ageworthy edge, and its mineral backbone lends it to pairing with myriad dishes."		87	47	Franschhoek			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Boekenhoutskloof 2005 Syrah (Franschhoek)	Syrah	Boekenhoutskloof
US	"They can't call the grapes old vine, because the vineyard is only 15 years old. But it was planted from clones that constituted an old vineyard that contained Petite Sirah, Carignane, Mataro and Alicante Bouschet. The wine is robust and rustic, with bright, briary berry fruit and spice flavors that will stand up well against any roasted meats."	Ancestor Selections	88	22	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			J. Rickards 2008 Ancestor Selections Zinfandel (Alexander Valley)	Zinfandel	J. Rickards
France	This is a potentially juicy wine with acidity and red fruits coming through the structure. It has the weight for the tannins and a rich background feel. Drink starting from 2018.	Grande Réserve	87	18	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Labatut 2014 Grande Réserve  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Labatut
US	"Sourced entirely from the Milbrandt vineyards, this is a riot of honey, tea and mint highlights, with excellent acidity and ripe tree fruits. The length and density are outstanding for this price point."		88	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Maryhill 2013 Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Maryhill
US	"Some might say this is old-school Oregon Pinot, with an emphasis on herbal acidic flavors and thin tart fruits. Despite aggressive aeration, the wine refuses to open up, and the impression of barely ripe fruit and chalky acids lingers."	Ridgecrest Vineyards Reserve	86	80	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chehalem 2013 Ridgecrest Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir (Ribbon Ridge)	Pinot Noir	Chehalem
France	"Fresh pear notes and a touch of white blossom appear on the nose. The palate is rounded with fruit and a touch of flavor-boosting residual sweetness. This is easy but generous, full of ripe pear fruit."		89	16	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Koenig 2015 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Koenig
US	"Aromatically muted at first, the bouquet opens up with time to reveal steely, finessed notes of pear and fresh citrus that continue through to the palate. The oak is subtle and well-managed, and the minerality alive and fresh."		91	28	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Anaba 2011 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Anaba
US	"The color of this full-bodied wine is deep red and aromas are dense with dark fruit like black plum and blueberry, accented with earthy nuances. The mouthfeel is rich and almost thick, as firm but fine-textured tannins coat the tongue and concentrated flavors of dark chocolate and blueberry soak through. This should improve through at least 2020."	Nicholas' Vineyard	91	48	California	Fair Play	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Baiocchi Wines 2011 Nicholas' Vineyard Syrah (Fair Play)	Syrah	Baiocchi Wines
US	"Blackberry and black cherry fruit is lightly dappled with peppery spices. There's also the slightest suggestion of fresh herb. It's a sturdy, supple wine of modest proportions."	Zena Crown	89	45	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Soléna 2012 Zena Crown Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Soléna
Portugal	"This fortified red blend was aged in wood for 20 years. That has taken away fruitiness and, as with an aged Tawny Port, has given the wine flavors of dried prune, spice and old wood aromas. The wine is for sipping and savoring, ready to drink now."	Cabriz Impar	93	30	Vinho Licoroso			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Global Wines NV Cabriz Impar Red (Vinho Licoroso)	Portuguese Red	Global Wines
US	"This medium sweet, easy drinker brings aromatic and flavorful notes of pear, jasmine and white flowers."	Chateau Series	85	8	Idaho	Idaho		Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ste. Chapelle NV Chateau Series Riesling (Idaho)	Riesling	Ste. Chapelle
Chile	"Yeasty, bland, unconvincing aromas make for an unremarkable opening. This is flabby and broken on the palate, with yeasty flavors of canned peas."	Reserva	81	10	Elqui Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Falernia 2014 Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Elqui Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Falernia
US	"Bramble, violet and leather notes lend complexity to this fruity but elegantly composed Merlot. Ripe plum and cherry flavors are plump but pristine, brightened by crisp acidity and a smooth velvety finish of tannins. Drinks well already but should improve through 2021."	Estate Reserve	90	52	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		One Woman 2012 Estate Reserve Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	One Woman
US	"A rare miss for this winery, this bottling shows cooked red cherries, dust, vanilla and caramel on the somewhat hollow nose. The palate is almost overly rich with caramelized black cherry, fudge and chalky tannins. Patience will likely improve this one."		85	32	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Felten Cellars 2013 Tempranillo (Paso Robles)	Tempranillo	Felten Cellars
US	"A stablemate to the Richard's Cuvée, bottled under the winemaker's Matello label, this is a creamy, juicy wine with a lush mix of apple, pear and banana fruit flavors. There's a suggestion of mineral underlying the creamy mouthfeel, which adds an extra bit of freshness."	Whistling Ridge Vineyard	92	40	Oregon	Ribbon Ridge	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Goodfellow 2012 Whistling Ridge Vineyard Chardonnay (Ribbon Ridge)	Chardonnay	Goodfellow
US	"The nose of this excellently priced wine offers sour fruit from Montmorency cherries, earthiness from squeezed beets, spice from toasted sagebrush and umami from soy sauce. The palate is deep, with a sanguine character that's enhanced by lots of cracked pepper. It delivers plenty of action for the price."	Logan Sleepy Hollow Vineyard	92	25	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talbott 2013 Logan Sleepy Hollow Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Talbott
US	"Sourced from several sites in Bennett Valley and Russian River Valley, this medium-bodied wine is feral, gamy and velvety thick. Dark cherry, lavender and violet notes accent the palate, finishing with lively freshness."		90	25	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Carlisle 2015 Syrah (Sonoma County)	Syrah	Carlisle
US	"This is one big wine; and in our opinion it's largely overdone. When butter and burnt toast dominate fruit, it's not going to be perceived as being varietally correct, and most tasters will probably struggle to peg it as SB. From a flavor perspective, it's chock full of banana, baked apples and wood. The finish is resinous and thick. Call it a ripe case of more being less."		85	29	California	Chalk Hill	Sonoma			Chalk Hill 1999 Sauvignon Blanc (Chalk Hill)	Sauvignon Blanc	Chalk Hill
US	"This treads the line between slightly rustic and refined. The tannins are sandpapery, and it has lots of zingy acidity, making the wine feel a little rough. But the core of blackberry fruit is rich and dynamic. Probably not an ager, so give it a good decanting, and drink it over the next 2–3 years."	Idyll Times	87	35	California	San Benito County	Central Coast			Pessagno 2010 Idyll Times Syrah (San Benito County)	Syrah	Pessagno
Austria	"Yeasty, almost umami-like spice slowly yields to ripe, delicious apricot flavors. The generosity is toned by bright lemon freshness that runs right through this concentrated wine and provides satisfying length. There is a delicious aftertaste of crunchy apple."	Heiligenstein Alte Reben Reserve	92	60	Kamptal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Jurtschitsch 2013 Heiligenstein Alte Reben Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Jurtschitsch
France	"Soft notes of mandarin and peach fill nose and palate of this fresh and fruit-driven wine. The body is light but full-fruited with a bruised-apple mellowness. It's dry, balanced and easy."		89	18	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Wolfberger 2015 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Wolfberger
Argentina	"Gotta hand it to Trivento, Concha y Toro's Argentine operation: their wines are consistent from year to year. Once again, the Select Chardonnay features a smooth, buttery nose and a well-oaked but healthy palate. It's woody for sure, but there's lemony balance. We wouldn't call this stately or great, but it gets the job done at $11."	Select	86	11	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trivento 2007 Select Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Trivento
South Africa	"A blend of 68% Shiraz, 18% Grenache, 10% Cinsault and 4% Tinta Barocca, this is one of the finest reds coming out of South Africa today. It is powerful and concentrated, yet elegant and refined, with notes of lush red cherry, raspberry and plum that are complemented by notes of game, pepper and fynbos. Fine yet gripping tannins and tight fruit flavors lend a solid structure to the rich mouthfeel, while notes of peppered berries and mentholated herbs linger long on the finish. Drink 2020–2025."		94	43	Swartland			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	A.A. Badenhorst Family Wines 2013 Red (Swartland)	Red Blend	A.A. Badenhorst Family Wines
Slovenia	"This blend is garnet colored with a hint of eucalyptus in the bouquet, opening up to aromas of black fruit, forest floor and freshly picked mushroom. Minerality abounds on the palate, with flavors of red berries and black plums."	Cuvée Morel	90	46	Goriska Brda			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Kabaj 2008 Cuvée Morel Red (Goriska Brda)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Kabaj
Germany	"Shows wonderful purity of fruit—green apple and lime, perhaps a touch of flower shop greens—and impreccable balance, being light in body, off dry, crisp and refreshing. Delicious."	Erdener Treppchen Kabinett	89	26	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Dr. Loosen 2009 Erdener Treppchen Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
US	"Subdued stone-fruit, jasmine and white-flower aromas lead to off-dry fruit flavors. It goes down easy."	Lilly Mae White Table Wine	87	13	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dusty Cellars NV Lilly Mae White Table Wine White (Washington)	White Blend	Dusty Cellars
Italy	"This straightforward red opens with aromas suggesting stewed plum, prune and a hint of nutmeg. The jammy, extremely approachable palate offers black cherry, clove and cinnamon alongside rounded tannins. Drink through 2018."	Marcarini	88	50	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pertinace 2013 Marcarini  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Pertinace
US	"Enticing floral and spice aromas are followed by vivid and generous tropical fruit flavors in this full-bodied wine. It deftly combines energizing acidity with opulent fruit, wrapping them in a layer of moderately toasty, buttery oak. Barrel fermented and blended from 52% Viognier and 48% Roussanne grapes, it tastes bold but bright."	Wall of Sound	92	48	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Monochrome 2016 Wall of Sound White (California)	White Blend	Monochrome
Germany	"Crushed slate and smoke notes mingle with zesty lime and lemon in this spine-tingling Riesling. It's a touch off-dry, with juicy white grapefruit flavor sweetening the midpalate. A Margarita-like ring of salt lingers on the finish."	Ürziger Würzgarten Kabinett	89	25	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Hermann 2015 Ürziger Würzgarten Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Hermann
US	"Tight, grippy tannin complements sharp acidity in this youthful wine from a rich vintage and mountainous appellation. Rich, red fruit yields to more savory currant aspects, dusted in clove spice and rooted in full-bodied weightiness."		92	90	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Provenance Vineyards 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Provenance Vineyards
US	"There's a soft stroke of rosewater to the nose of this single-vineyard bottling as well as raspberry jam, fennel pollen and iron. The palate benefits from strong fennel and white sage, which lifts the berry-fruit and raw-meat flavors. The texture is simultaneously light and penetrating."	Julia's Vineyard	94	66	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 2015 Julia's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foxen
France	"Why, at the northern limits of Burgundy, there should be a small village producing Sauvignon Blanc is a curiosity, as the name of the wine suggests. This ripe, tropical fruit and crisp green plum-flavored wine is tightly textured and ready to drink."	Curiosité de Bourgogne	87	20	Burgundy	Saint-Bris		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Céline et Frédéric Gueguen 2014 Curiosité de Bourgogne  (Saint-Bris)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Céline et Frédéric Gueguen
Chile	"Direct, woody aromas of cherry, raspberry and minerally crispness set up a medium-bodied palate housing round tannins. Ripe, loamy flavors of mixed berries exhibit a touch of raisin, which carries over to a peppery, blackened finish."	Elegido Gran Reserva	88	17	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valle Hermoso 2013 Elegido Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Colchagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Valle Hermoso
US	"Way too ripe, with the flavors veering into raisins. The alcohol, which is 15.6% abv, really sticks out."		81	32	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Brochelle Vineyards 2010 Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Brochelle Vineyards
Italy	"Violet, iris and hints of natural rubber and eucalyptus lead the nose. The bright palate offers red cherry, espresso, star anise and vanilla notes bolstered by close-grained tannins."	Cà Grossa	89	35	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Rabaglio 2014 Cà Grossa  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Rabaglio
France	"The second wine of Château Glana in the prestigious Saint-Julien appellation is properly tannic with fruit in the background. The wine will develop well, but will still require some time. Its juicy black-currant fruitiness and acidity have power and concentration—enough to produce a ripe, while still elegant wine from 2020."	Terre du Lion	91	49	Bordeaux	Saint-Julien		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Glana 2014 Terre du Lion  (Saint-Julien)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château du Glana
US	"Ripe, full-bodied black cherry fruit shines here, with good tannin support. The wine is rich across the palate, with clean, focused, lingering flavors that really extend into a terrifically long finish."	Leland	93	50	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Erath 2009 Leland Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Erath
US	"This Syrah, Grenache and Mourvèdre blend shows hot alcohol and superripe flavors of blackberries, cassis, dark chocolate and raisins. It's a big, rich, thick wine that sticks to the gums, almost syrupy, but fully dry. Decant it and drink with stews, casseroles, barbecue."	Aurelio's Selection	87	35	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Star Angel by Montes 2009 Aurelio's Selection Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Star Angel by Montes
Italy	"Closed cellar aromas burn off to reveal black fruit, baking spices and balsamic notes. The palate is subdued, showing raw cherry-berry, cooking spices and herbs alongside nervous acidity and astringent tannins."	Bricco delle Viole	88	60	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	460 Casina Bric 2010 Bricco delle Viole  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	460 Casina Bric
US	"Strong Gravenstein and red apple and fleshy Asian pear aromas show on the sweet-leaning nose of this bottling from two vineyards in Arroyo Seco and one in Santa Lucia Highlands. Crisp apple and pear-cider notes lead into flavors of browner stone fruit, poached pear and drying apple blossoms."		87	25	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joullian 2014 Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	Joullian
Spain	"Initial aromas are scratchy and piercing, but with airing this blend of Syrah, Garnacha and Cabernet Sauvignon offers intriguing notes of vanilla, tobacco and charcoal. In the mouth, this is undeniably thick and tannic. Flavors are saturated and suggest blackberry and cassis. The finish leans toward syrupy but maintains acidity for balance. Drink through 2018."	Reserva	90	35	Levante	Utiel-Requena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Casa Lo Alto 2009 Reserva Red (Utiel-Requena)	Red Blend	Finca Casa Lo Alto
US	"This 100% Cabernet was aged in new French oak. That potent combo gives it an intensity of black currants and sweet buttered toast. The tannins are hard and the alcohol level is high. It's a bit predictable in the modern style, but delicious."	Le Petit Vice	90	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Vice Versa 2010 Le Petit Vice Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vice Versa
Italy	"This blend of 30% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Sangiovese, 20% Merlot, 10% Syrah and 10% Teroldego opens with violet, cinnamon and Mediterranean herb aromas. The soft, succulent palate delivers raspberry, red cherry and cinnamon flavors, with supple tannins and fresh acidity. Enjoy through 2018."	Rosso	90	35	Tuscany	Bolgheri		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Michele Satta 2014 Rosso  (Bolgheri)	Red Blend	Michele Satta
US	"A Chardonnay-based sparkler, this rich and concentrated wine has a luscious mix of apricot, peach and papaya fruit flavors in a creamy, textural setting. Exceptional length and development in the glass, which keeps bringing in nuances such as vanilla and pepper."	Brut	90	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Treveri Cellars NV Brut Sparkling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sparkling Blend	Treveri Cellars
France	"This dense and dark wine is full of ripe, richly juicy black fruits. Solid tannins and layers of wood are softening into the rest of the wine. It's going to develop slowly, releasing the fruit into the tannic structure. Wait until 2018."		90	50	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Clauzet 2012  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Clauzet
Austria	"Yeasty roundness meets opulently ripe fruit: red-cheeked apple, yellow pear and juicy yellow peach. The spicy verve of grapefruit zest pulls it into focus. This interplay on fruit and freshness dominates the midpalate majestically and has a staying citrus-power."	Dürnsteiner Freiheit Smaragd	94	48	Wachau			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Schmelz 2013 Dürnsteiner Freiheit Smaragd Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Schmelz
France	"Pure red fruit seems to have a bruised apple edge. The palate is simple and easy-drinking and despite its pretty ruby color comes across as a rosé, with barely a touch of tannin. Chill this for a surprise at a party."	Tradition	86	17	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Michel Fonne 2013 Tradition Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Michel Fonne
US	"Boldly flavored and slightly sweet, this blend of mostly Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon smells jammy, tastes ripe and juicy and has a fairly smooth texture with a touch of tannin. The flavors resemble black berry and sweet red cherry, the body is full and the finish is fruity."	Wisdom of Wise	85	32	California	Placer County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Wise Villa 2013 Wisdom of Wise Red (Placer County)	Red Blend	Wise Villa
US	"Vibrant acidity envelops lively yet dark, brooding baked plum and cherry notes in this smoothly made, velvety-textured wine from estate vineyards. It excites as much on the palate as on the nose, transitioning smoothly into the medium-length finish."	Estate	91	95	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ernest & Julio Gallo 2013 Estate Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ernest & Julio Gallo
France	"The wine is ripe, rich with full apricot and red apple fruits. It shows a creamy wood-laden character that is spicy and toasty. It's very ready to drink."	Pirouette	85	27	Southwest France	Gers		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Gensac 2010 Pirouette White (Gers)	White Blend	Domaine de Gensac
US	"Light aromas of barrel spice and red and black fruit are followed by sweet fruit flavors. It delivers enjoyment, but the flavors seem slightly dried out."	Estate Bottled	88	25	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Kiona 2013 Estate Bottled Merlot (Red Mountain)	Merlot	Kiona
US	"Tight and precisely hewn, this is crystal clear and medium weight while pushing strawberry and cherry fruit into the core. Its 14 months in one-quarter new French oak added hints of vanilla custard."	Barrel Select	91	40	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Zenith 2014 Barrel Select Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Zenith
US	"Showing oaky flavors of vanilla, butterscotch and buttered toast, this Chardonnay has the brisk acidity of the Arroyo Seco appellation. The flavors are of pineapples, oranges and limes."	Zabala Vineyard	86	30	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Mercy 2009 Zabala Vineyard Chardonnay (Arroyo Seco)	Chardonnay	Mercy
US	This wine brings aromas and flavors of pear along with light tropical accents. The concentration dips toward the finish.		86	19	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Boomtown 2015 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Boomtown
US	This Cab wants a few more years to let its internal inconsistencies resolve. The primary cherry and blackberry fruit has faded and is turning nutty. But it's still pretty tannic. Needs to throw some sediment to let the inherent fruit emerge. Try after 2016.	Bell Mountain Vineyard	90	52	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Medlock Ames 2008 Bell Mountain Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Medlock Ames
US	"This cool site, set on sedimentary and volcanic soils, brings a blend of five clones into focus. Dark and juicy, muscular and complex, it weaves together plum and cherry fruit, a whiff of truffle, and finishes with a touch of coffee from the barrel aging."	Coast Range Estate	92	49	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trisaetum 2015 Coast Range Estate Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Trisaetum
US	"Muted on the nose, this is a spicy, somewhat austere wine, shy in red berry fruit and soft tannins. From a 1,500-foot elevation vineyard, it lacks the power of some of its competitors, yet offers a balanced, less in-your-face take on the variety."	Montecillo Vineyard	87	28	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Keating 2012 Montecillo Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Keating
US	"A thoroughly honest effort, opening with lovely quince, apple and lemon fruit. The palate has a crisp lime edge and finishes with a kick of refreshing acidity. Drink now."	Semi-Dry	85	14	New York	Cayuga Lake	Finger Lakes			Treleaven 2006 Semi-Dry Riesling (Cayuga Lake)	Riesling	Treleaven
US	"Marred by a vegetal taste, this has hot, thin cherry and oak flavors. The blend is Mourvèdre, Zinfandel and Grenache."	Junipero	81	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Minassian-Young 2009 Junipero Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Minassian-Young
US	"Youthfully exuberant in fresh-squeezed grapefruit, lemon and lime, this wine has zesty acidity and pillows of vanilla, ending clean and bright. This is the first national release of this variety for the winery."		88	24	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rombauer 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Rombauer
France	"With three acres out of 36 in this Grand Cru, Faiveley is one of the larger proprietors. The wine is firm and structured with solid tannins, while black fruits give acidity and freshness to this massive wine. Drink from 2020."		93	391	Burgundy	Chambertin Clos de Bèze		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Faiveley 2011  Chambertin Clos de Bèze	Pinot Noir	Domaine Faiveley
Austria	"A wonderfully light-footed Riesling that has an energetic, lively core fizzing with lemon freshness and verve. There is a very light touch here, but despite all this filigree structure there is depth and a profound sense of pure citrus flavor. This really gets under your skin with its very own, tiptoeing, featherlight way. The pure lemons last and last."	Engelsberg	92	25	Traisental			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Markus Huber 2015 Engelsberg Riesling (Traisental)	Riesling	Markus Huber
Italy	"Campaccio Riserva is a bold, modern blend of Sangiovese and Cab Sauvignon from an estate in Radda in Chianti. The wine delivers loads of fresh spice, clove, black peppercorn, coffee and vanilla over solid red fruit."	Campaccio Selezione Riserva	91	69	Tuscany	Toscana				Terrabianca 2003 Campaccio Selezione Riserva Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Terrabianca
US	"Alexandria Nicole's Shepherds Mark is a Rhône blend of Roussanne, Marsanne and Viognier, sourced from the Destiny Ridge (estate) vineyard. Barrel fermented in neutral oak, it presents an inviting floral blossom nose, leading into a delicious mix of citrus, white peach, melon and light tropical fruits. It's rich but never tiring."	Shepherds Mark White	90	20	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Alexandria Nicole 2008 Shepherds Mark White White (Horse Heaven Hills)	White Blend	Alexandria Nicole
South Africa	"An assertive menthol streak shines through the dark fruit core, along with a hint of spice cake. Soft and somewhat flabby on the midpalate; drink now."	Collection	84	9	Swartland			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Riebeek Cellars 2009 Collection Cabernet Sauvignon (Swartland)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Riebeek Cellars
Portugal	"This is a ripe, fruity wine full of wild strawberry fruit. It is soft although with fine acidity and a crisp aftertaste. The wine is ready to drink."	Vinha Padre Pedro	84	14	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Cadaval 2015 Vinha Padre Pedro Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Casa Cadaval
Portugal	"Grown on the shelf above the Tagus (Tejo) River, the wine is soft and ripe. It does have tannins that are well integrated into the spicy red fruits and dry core. The wine is rich, and the alcohol is noticeable in the pepper aftertaste. Drink now."	Coudel Mor Clássico	84	7	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo 2013 Coudel Mor Clássico Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Adega Cooperativa do Cartaxo
US	"One of the best Californian Pinot Gris currently available, this is rich, creamy and complex, and it would make for a great alternative to Chardonnay. This wine traditionally ages in used oak, which imparts just a hint of wood-driven sweetness to the pear, peach, mango and lime flavors."	Trenton Station Vineyard	90	22	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Joseph Swan Vineyards 2010 Trenton Station Vineyard Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	Joseph Swan Vineyards
US	"A vitamin pill scent greets you immediately, somewhat masking the fruit. In the mouth it's rather light, watery and showing green apple fruit with plenty of acid. The finish softens up but doesn't add any depth or flavor."	Unoaked	84	17	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gilbert Cellars 2007 Unoaked Chardonnay (Wahluke Slope)	Chardonnay	Gilbert Cellars
US	This intriguing wine conveys aromas of coffee bean and barrel spices. The palate is restrained with a low-alcohol feel and coffee flavors. The concentration isn't all there but it still piques the interest.	Prayer Rock Vineyards Gloria's	87	42	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Reustle 2012 Prayer Rock Vineyards Gloria's Syrah (Umpqua Valley)	Syrah	Reustle
US	"Soft scents of lavender introduce this pale rose-colored Pinot Noir. It's a light, elegant wine with clean, tart flavors of rhubarb and sour cherry that don't reflect the stated alcohol of 13.9% abv."	Origin 1866	87	40	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Arbor Brook 2011 Origin 1866 Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Arbor Brook
US	"Savory herb, fresh tobacco, dark cherry and anise aromas lead to elegant, pitch black fruit flavors. It brings plenty of outright appeal but should truly reveal its charms at the dinner table."	Turning Point Two Blondes Vineyard	90	55	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Script 2012 Turning Point Two Blondes Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Yakima Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Script
New Zealand	"Despite this estate remaining among the top echelon of New Zealand Riesling producers, Framingham's Pinot Noir is solid but unexciting. It's plump and medium bodied, and it offers modest cherry fruit and a touch of bitterness on the finish."		85	28	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Framingham 2010 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Framingham
Italy	"Sour berry, rose, and chopped herb aromas follow through to the full-bodied palate along with black raspberry, licorice and a hint of mocha. Firm, ripe tannins provide the framework while a balsamic closes the finish. Drink 2018–2031."	Nirvasco	92	65	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bersano 2011 Nirvasco  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Bersano
New Zealand	"Slightly more graceful and elegant than the same winery's Mathilde Reserve, which comes across as a bit chunky and oaky. This wine features cherry and vanilla notes, with a slightly creamy, easy-to-like texture in the mouth."		87	33	Central Otago			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Aurum 2006 Pinot Noir (Central Otago)	Pinot Noir	Aurum
France	"Notes of peel and flesh of Bosc pear pervade nose and palate, there is a core of earthy ripeness but the palate gives the impression of ginger-spiced freshness, tempered by earth. Rounded and beautiful."	Osterberg Grand Cru	89	43	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Sipp Mack 2014 Osterberg Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Sipp Mack
US	"This 95% Cabernet Sauvignon with the balance of Merlot, Syrah and Malbec, is immediately accessible with notes of char, roasted coffee bean and cherry. The palate is rich, chocolaty and seamlessly stitched together."	Canoe Ridge Estate	90	30	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2010 Canoe Ridge Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	"This is the first Cabernet Sauvignon release from Meomi founder Joe Wagner. Sourced from vineyards across the appellation, it shows simple yet focused dark cherry and chocolate flavors, dusty tannin and subtle oak, within a framework of moderate acidity and ripeness."		86	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Quilt 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Quilt
US	"A soft, simple style of Cabernet with mild cherry and strawberry flavors, light tannins, smooth texture and light- to medium-body. The flavors fade quickly on the finish."		83	16	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Silver Spoon 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Silver Spoon
US	"This Syrah is at the top of the lineup for Reininger. It's tightly wound, yet it opens gracefully to reveal deep flavors of blueberry and plum, with resonating notes of earth, iron, espresso and dark chocolate. This can age for up to a decade."		92	44	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Reininger 2009 Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Reininger
France	"From the full bouquet with its dark-cherry and black-pepper notes, this wine makes its presence felt. There’s very good depth of fruit, with a characteristic brambly quality. Some complexity can be found here via earth and white-pepper elements that accent the fruit."		88	10	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône				Domaine de la Solitude 1998 Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine de la Solitude
US	"A Merlot with real elegance. This is fully dry, with firm, furry tannins, showing black cherry and currant flavors that are transforming into dried fruits and sweet leather. Could develop for a few more years."		87	22	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			St. Francis 2003 Merlot (Sonoma County)	Merlot	St. Francis
US	"This is a sneak peak at Hanzell's estate Chardonnay of the vintage, yet to be released. With a bit of oak, it's dry, rich and creamy, displaying forward pineapple, Meyer lemon and lime fruit flavors for drinking now."	Sebella	89	36	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Hanzell 2011 Sebella Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Hanzell
US	"Tingly acidity complements the lush, full-bodied concentration of this estate-grown beauty. It's both soft and sensual in tone. Pine, orange peel and pomegranate notes play against the richness and add freshness to the chewy tannin. Best enjoyed 2024 through 2034."	Year of the Horse West Slope Single Vineyard	94	90	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Donum 2014 Year of the Horse West Slope Single Vineyard Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Donum
US	"Simple and straightforward, this provides aromas of pear, pineapple and spice. The flavors are lightly sweet and unctuous in feel with a clipped finish."	The Expedition	85	15	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Canoe Ridge 2013 The Expedition Chardonnay (Horse Heaven Hills)	Chardonnay	Canoe Ridge
Italy	"From the makers of Italy's legendary Sassicaia, this 70-30 Cabernet Sauvignon and Sangiovese blend delivers sweet cherry aromas backed by vanilla and tobacco. This wine has shown a great improvement over the years it has been produced."	Le Difese	90	30	Tuscany	Toscana				Tenuta San Guido 2009 Le Difese Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta San Guido
US	"This bottling by Foxen has been consistent over the years in producing a wine of great varietal purity. The 2012 vintage is a dry, crisply mouthwatering wine with gooseberry, grapefruit and peach flavors. Goat cheese comes to mind as the ideal pairing, perhaps in a salad of bitter greens and grapefruits."	7200 Vogelzang Vineyard	90	28	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast			Foxen 2012 7200 Vogelzang Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Foxen
US	"For the first time, this release of Buty's Rediviva, from estate vineyards in the Rocks region of Walla Walla, includes a bit of Mourvèdre. The pretty fruit flavors of strawberry preserves, blueberry and black cherry carry both a mineral underpinning and a whiff of the barnyard in the nose. The aging in mostly neutral puncheons and barrels adds just a hint of baking spices."	Rediviva of the Stones	91	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Buty 2010 Rediviva of the Stones Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Buty
US	"One would like to see more aromatics, considering the variety, but it remains enjoyable with a lightly spritzy palate with off-dry red-apple and stone-fruit flavors. A straightforward, easy drinker."	Destiny Ridge Vineyard	87	16	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Alexandria Nicole 2012 Destiny Ridge Vineyard Riesling (Horse Heaven Hills)	Riesling	Alexandria Nicole
US	"Made in a bone dry, acidic style, what this Chardonnay lacks in richness it makes up for in elegance. Fans of sweet, buttery Chards won't like it, but true aficionados will appreciate the austere citrus and mineral flavors."		89	21	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Deep Sea 2009 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Deep Sea
Spain	"This rating is a follow-up to one we did about a year ago, and it doesn't seem as though this wine is making any progress. It's still clumsy as an ox, with stark pineapple flavors and overt acidity. Citrus juice is the best way to describe it; it bears little to no resemblance to Chardonnay as we know it."	El Cerezo Unoaked	81	12	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Castillo de Monjardin 2005 El Cerezo Unoaked Chardonnay (Navarra)	Chardonnay	Castillo de Monjardin
US	"With its briary flavors of fresh-picked mountain berries and exotic clove, nutmeg and pepper spices, this Zin defines a more elegant Foothills approach to the variety. The texture is light and silky, not at all heavy, a supple, polished wine of great appeal."	Buck's Ten Point	90	20	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills			Karly 2006 Buck's Ten Point Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Karly
France	"This is a bright friendly open wine. With its light crisp fruitiness, layers of acidity and a twist of lemon, it is bone dry with a lively fresh aftertaste. Drink now and call it your Valentine's Day."	La Caprice de Clementine	87	19	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château les Valentines 2016 La Caprice de Clementine Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château les Valentines
France	"Rich and structured, this is a sturdy wine that shows good dry fruit tannins as well as wood. The blackberry fruit is open, ripe, giving a good juicy character and depth of flavor. This is a wine for 2–3 years' aging."		89	20	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Liversan 2006  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Liversan
Chile	"The nose delivers solid, generally clean berry aromas with lift. The palate is bouncy, shows decent acidity, and bumps along while offering standard red berry flavors in front of a light, medicinal finish. Good everyday Cab for the price."		84	7	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pepperwood Grove 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pepperwood Grove
US	"Subdued dried herb, vanilla and dill aromas mix with notes of baking spice. The red-fruit flavors are light and elegant, winnowing toward the finish."	Clifton Hill Vineyard	88	42	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Bunnell 2010 Clifton Hill Vineyard Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	Bunnell
US	"This feels tight and pinched, with lots of acidity. It's pretty good for everyday drinking, with cherry candy, raspberry jam and white pepper flavors."	Reserve	85	18	California	Sonoma-Santa Barbara-Mendocino	California Other			Angeline 2011 Reserve Pinot Noir (Sonoma-Santa Barbara-Mendocino)	Pinot Noir	Angeline
Italy	"There's a pretty mineral context here that frames a juicy core of honey, almond and peach. This oak-aged Chardonnay is simple but genuine and would make a good companion to endive salad with blood oranges and black olives."	Barricato 40	87	12	Northeastern Italy	Trentino				Bollini 2008 Barricato 40 Chardonnay (Trentino)	Chardonnay	Bollini
Australia	"This is almost confectionery in its fruit sweetness, layering raspberries over black currants in wave after wave. There's a hint of mint as well, ample weight and power on the palate and a long, dusty, tannic finish. Drink now–2030."	Bin 407	91	69	South Australia	South Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Penfolds 2014 Bin 407 Cabernet Sauvignon (South Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Penfolds
Spain	"Apple, melon and other white-fruit aromas lead to a citrusy pulpy palate with good balance. Flavors of pithy citrus and green apple finish with a racy feel and notes of stone fruits and citrus peel. This is Verdejo with 10% Viura."	Basa	89	15	Northern Spain	Rueda		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Telmo Rodríguez 2015 Basa White (Rueda)	White Blend	Telmo Rodríguez
Argentina	"Standard berry aromas come with sharp, warm notes. A punchy, angular, high-acid palate delivers potent red-fruit flavors along with an active, fiery finish."	Reserve	84	14	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Red Rock 2013 Reserve Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Red Rock
France	"The wine feels light and very soft. There are some attractive red berry fruits, along with acidity and wood flavors, but the tannic structure is hardly there. It's an enjoyable, lightweight wine to drink now through 2016."	Réserve	84	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cheval Quancard 2012 Réserve  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cheval Quancard
US	"This is easily the richest, densest, most complex of Marimar's 2007 Chardonnays. Made with extended lees contact, it has a fleshy, yeasty freshness that gives the wine extra layers. The grape flavors show typical Green Valley long hangtime notes of exotic tropical fruits, apricots, pears, honey, buttered toast, crème brûlée and sweet baking spices, brightened with acidity. A luxurious, splendid Chardonnay to drink now."	Dobles Lías Don Miguel Vineyard	95	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Marimar Estate 2007 Dobles Lías Don Miguel Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Marimar Estate
France	"Fresh and zesty, with slightly confected, bubble-gum-like aromas balanced by bright lime notes and even a bit of chalk-dust minerality to add grip and interest on the finish. Drink now."		87	12	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château Grande Cassagne 2010 Rosé (Costières de Nîmes)	Rosé	Château Grande Cassagne
Italy	"This sophisticated white wine from the homeland of Italy's most robust reds (Ripasso and Amarone) shows a full, generous appearance with a golden-amber color. Stone fruit, toasted almond and candied lemon give it heft and consistency."	Terso	89	36	Veneto	Veneto				Marchesi Fumanelli 2005 Terso White (Veneto)	White Blend	Marchesi Fumanelli
Italy	"Burned tire rubber, oak, espresso and roasted coffee bean lead the nose on this extracted wine. The dense, monolithic palate offers sweet vanilla, toasted oak, chocolate, stewed prunes marinated in spirits, and overripe, sugary plum. It's already evolved and lacks energy."	Riserva	86	45	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	I Sodi 2010 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	I Sodi
US	"Soft and lightly fruity, this has an underlying chalkiness. That chalky sensation runs across the palate and seems to mute the other flavors, such as herb, which are on the light side."		85	17	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Maryhill 2009 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Maryhill
Argentina	"Simple aromas may lack vibrancy but aren't offputting. And frankly speaking, it's nice to smell soft berry fruit and not much else (namely burnt or buttery oak). The palate, meanwhile, is plump, bright and full of clean but basic boysenberry fruit. Finishes thin but sturdy."	Patagonia Classic	86	10	Other	Alto Valle del Río Negro		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Humberto Canale 2005 Patagonia Classic Malbec (Alto Valle del Río Negro)	Malbec	Humberto Canale
US	"This is a very delicious and accessible wine for all palates, both lavish in style and complex. Candied blackberry, fragrant rose and fennel pollen aromas introduce a palate of baked red fruit, maple syrup and brown sugar flavors. That fruit-forward richness is balanced by extreme floral character and lively acidity."	Estate	93	35	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sextant 2015 Estate Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	Sextant
Italy	"A blend of Tintore and Per'e Palummo (a grape native to the Island of Ischia), there is a thorny, raw quality to this wine that is backed by Asian spice, incense, spice, tobacco and mature black fruit. The wine has a thin, almost metallic taste, with spicy fruit tones on the close."	Costa d'Amalfi Tramonti	84	18	Southern Italy	Campania				Giuseppe Apicella 2006 Costa d'Amalfi Tramonti Red (Campania)	Red Blend	Giuseppe Apicella
Chile	"Heavily charred and roasted plum and berry aromas become greener upon full inspection. This blend of Cabernets Sauvignon and Franc along with Syrah feels tight, with chewy tannins. Herbal plum flavors are peppery and spicy, with a green note popping up prior to a somewhat hot finish."	Reserva Premium	87	17	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trio 2014 Reserva Premium Red (Maipo Valley)	Red Blend	Trio
Portugal	"Dense, spicy wine, showing its alcohol with a hot pepper character. The fruit, though, does offer rich compensation, with black plum skins, bitter coffee flavors and dark, dry tannins."	Reserva	89	28	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Poças 2008 Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Poças
Spain	"Black-fruit aromas are made more complex by notes of leather and oak. This is full, blocky and tannic on the palate, with dark-fruit flavors of black plum and blackberry touched up by oak. A woody but long finish suggests that this will find its prime in a couple of years; drink through 2024."		91	25	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cepa 21 2014  Ribera del Duero	Tempranillo	Cepa 21
US	"Just delicious, showing the pure, laser-like lime, tangerine and ripe peach flavors of the Edna Valley, as well as the vibrant acidity that makes the wine so mouthwatering. Serve it cold and then pay attention to how it changes as it warms up."	Heritage Winemaker Series	88	27	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Edna Valley Vineyard 2011 Heritage Winemaker Series Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Edna Valley Vineyard
US	"This offers a core of dense, rich fruit that's fairly intense, swirls of vanilla and baked apple tart come mostly to mind. The intensity builds up midpalate before lurking off the tongue on the finish."		87	40	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chasseur 2012 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Chasseur
New Zealand	"The Awatere is typically quite cool, so this wine's level of ripeness is noteworthy. It's round and supple on the midpalate, creamy and plush on the finish. Cedar and vanilla notes frame the black cherry fruit, which hints at some dried-fruit character without going over the edge into raisin. Drink now."		89	21	Awatere Valley			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Vavasour 2011 Pinot Noir (Awatere Valley)	Pinot Noir	Vavasour
Chile	"A simple, racy wine that's not designed to blow anyone away. The raspberry and cherry aromas are perfectly fine. Ditto the palate, which displays tangy cherry flavors, a touch of mocha and some wayward acidity. Good for current casual consumption. Imported by Racke USA."		85	11	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Espiritu de Chile 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Espiritu de Chile
US	"This is the kind of wine that might leave you speechless, it's so good, so complex and so well made. The tenth vintage from this marquee vineyard site, it shows dark-golden color and pungent toasted-oak aromas, with a touch of petrol. Smooth and nearly full bodied, it celebrates all notions of pear, apple and almond atop lifted acidity and a lengthy finish."	Hudson Vineyard	95	55	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Patz & Hall 2014 Hudson Vineyard Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Patz & Hall
US	"This is pure Chardonnay, from cool-climate sites, showing a lean, sculpted spine that both defines and expands the flavors. Exceptionally complex for Washington Chardonnay, with good natural acidity, a mix of peach, apple and pineapple fruit, and a finish that shows tight layering. There is a dense core that should unravel with bottle age; this is that rare Washington Chardonnay that will prosper with cellaring."		91	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	L'Ecole No. 41 2009 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	L'Ecole No. 41
US	"This brawny, dry wine has oak, tannin and body in big portions, its dark color leading to cut wood aromas, tart black cherry and blackberry flavors and a firm, somewhat drying texture. It needs rich food as a pairing or more time in the bottle to mellow."	Speedster	87	52	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	AuburnJames 2012 Speedster Red (North Coast)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	AuburnJames
France	"The second wine from this estate with its moated medieval castle is finely structured while showing all the delicious fruit of this vintage. It has spice, some firm tannins and juicy black-currant fruitiness. It will develop well and relatively quickly. Drink from 2020."	Château Pomiès-Agassac	91	22	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Agassac 2015 Château Pomiès-Agassac  (Haut-Médoc)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château d'Agassac
France	"Fermented in large barrels to preserve the fruit, this is a dense wine, full of the ripe red-berry and black-plum flavor that's layered with mint and new wood notes. Juicy, rich and concentrated, this is worth aging for at least five years."	L'Artolie	91	60	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Suau 2009 L'Artolie  (Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Suau
Spain	"A mostly neutral bouquet shows mild notes of almond and apple, but little more. Flavorwise, this delivers modest almond and papaya flavors in front of a wan, nutty tasting finish."	Viura-Chardonnay	84	9	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vega Sindoa 2014 Viura-Chardonnay White (Navarra)	White Blend	Vega Sindoa
France	"Quintessence is a good name for this wine that has the minerality and the structure that are the soul of the appellation. In addition it offers apricot and pear fruitiness and intense acidity. This wine is so drinkable now, although it will be much better from 2018."	Quintessence	92	29	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Sangouard-Guyot 2014 Quintessence  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Domaine Sangouard-Guyot
France	"This is a bright-fruited wine with lively acidity and apple flavors. It has a creamy texture, a touch of spice and a lemon zest aftertaste. Drink now."		86	22	Burgundy	Viré-Clessé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Trenel Fils 2012  Viré-Clessé	Chardonnay	Trenel Fils
US	"Extraordinarily sweet and attractive in raspberry and cherry fruit, as concentrated and pure as anything in California. The acidity is beautiful, as you'd expect from this vineyard in such a cool vintage, and it showcases Pinot Noir's silkiness and beauty. Despite the immediate flash,  it will develop bottle complexity; hold until 2016."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	94	55	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Gary Farrell 2010 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Gary Farrell
US	"A very pretty effort, the wine's strawberry and rhubarb flavors are balanced against spring herbs and hints of leaf. The Morrison Lane Sangiovese is blended with 15% Syrah from the Boushey vineyard."		89	18	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Trio Vintners 2007 Sangiovese (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Trio Vintners
Argentina	"Far less ripe and appealing than the 2004 version. The '05 comes out of the chute smelling malty and lactic; airing reveals strawberry milk notes, while the flavors struggle to express themselves. Sticky, oily and as if someone hit the mute button along the way. Where's the ripe, lush quality we've come to love about Argentinean Malbec?"	D.O.C Single Vineyard	84	22	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luigi Bosca 2005 D.O.C Single Vineyard Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Luigi Bosca
Chile	"This Casablanca SB opens with crisp, dry, capped aromas of ocean foam, citrus and green herbs. It's true to form in the mouth, with nice acidity and citrusy zest. Flavors of citrus and green herbs are focused but pithy, while the finish is fresh, crisp and tastes of lime and thyme."	T.H.	89	20	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2012 T.H. Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Undurraga
US	"A huge wine, brimming with ripe cherry, blackberry and cola flavors, housed in a firm structure of acidity and minerality. Feels tight and elegant in the mouth, a complex wine to lay down if you like a little bottle age on your Pinots."	Le Belier	93	55	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Demetria 2009 Le Belier Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Demetria
Spain	"Castilla y León can be good bargain country, and all of the 2006 Volteo wines are Best Buy qualifiers. This varietal Tempranillo has a clean, fruity nose backed by bright berry flavors built on a floor or two of structure. It's a composed quaffer with pure flavors, adequate length and overall balance."		87	8	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Volteo 2006 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Volteo
France	"A lightly perfumed wine, this is fruity with peppered lemon and melon flavors. It has a crisp edge and finishes with bright acidity."	E Prove	85	20	France Other			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Maestracci 2015 E Prove White	White Blend	Domaine Maestracci
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon (70%) makes up the majority of this wine along with Merlot (23%), Malbec (5%) and Petit Verdot. It's aromatically brooding, with notes of black fruit, toffee, moist soil and a floral top note. The palate pulls few punches with its rich, high-octane flavors and firm tannins but manages to keep it all in balance."	Sentinel	91	55	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Milbrandt 2012 Sentinel Red (Wahluke Slope)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Milbrandt
US	"From a block planted in 1890 interspersed with dozens of field blend varieties, this wine is ripely sweet with baked cherry fruit, a smoky undercurrent and a soft, moderately balanced structure. Coffee, cinnamon and nutmeg power the finish."	Alegria Vineyard Ancient Vines	88	50	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rock Wall 2015 Alegria Vineyard Ancient Vines Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Rock Wall
France	"Plump, almost overripe yellow plums are ample on the nose. The palate rescues this somewhat with freshness, but flavor and taste seem slightly disjointed."		85	19	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine de la Tour Blanche 2013 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine de la Tour Blanche
France	"The 2011s from Cornas show high levels of ripeness, and this négociant wine is no exception. It's almost pruny, with other notes of meat, clove and cinnamon, yet remains crisp and firm, picking up hints of black olive and espresso on the finish. Drink now–2025."		91	57	Rhône Valley	Cornas		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Maison Nicolas Perrin 2011  Cornas	Syrah	Maison Nicolas Perrin
Spain	"This yeasty funky Chardonnay is on its last legs. The mouthfeel is mealy and the flavors are dull, yeasty, generic and lightly oxidized on the finish."		80	9	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Love 2015 Chardonnay (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Chardonnay	Love
US	"Displays a cooler climate profile with notes of lime leaf, quinine, white peach and flowers. The palate drinks off dry, with well balanced acidity and a stone-fruit-filled finish."	Naches Heights Vineyard	86	14	Washington	Naches Heights	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Naches Heights 2012 Naches Heights Vineyard Riesling (Naches Heights)	Riesling	Naches Heights
US	"There are some good things going on here but it feels like they are struggling to get to the surface with lees notes and alcoholic warmth overwhelming the palate's appealing, creamy texture."		84	23	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Telaya 2012 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Telaya
US	"Silky in high-toned flavors of red cherry, this is light and enjoyable. A memorable jolt of acidity on the finish nicely ties things up and gives the wine a mouthwatering quality."	Burke Family Vineyard	88	45	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Churchill Cellars 2012 Burke Family Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Churchill Cellars
US	"The lightly delicate mouthfeel and brisk acidity testify to the wine's origins in cool-climate Marin, just over the Golden Gate Bridge from San Francisco. Intense flavors of strawberries and raspberries are uplifted by the toastiness of new French oak. This is a promising Pinot Noir for drinking now through 2018."		90	32	California	Marin County	North Coast			Straight Line 2012 Pinot Noir (Marin County)	Pinot Noir	Straight Line
Chile	"All of the new Epica wines from San Pedro seem highly manufactured and sweet. This blend is stalky and murky smelling, then heavy and cloying in the mouth, with sugar-meets-herbal flavors that finish hot and syrupy."	Epica	80	11	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Pedro 2011 Epica Red (Central Valley)	Red Blend	San Pedro
US	"Nicely balanced, full of tasty fruit flavors, and accented by light vanilla and nutmeg, this is a seamless wine that has lots of appeal. At this reasonable price, it will make a great go-to choice—the kind to stock by the case."	Small Lot Blend	90	13	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Parducci 2014 Small Lot Blend Chardonnay (Mendocino County)	Chardonnay	Parducci
US	"Pink apple notes mix with lime and lemon skins as well as the slightest touch of vanilla on the inviting nose of this Foley bottling. It's sleek and tight on the palate, with citrus pith, salt and apple-butter flavors clinging to a crisp centerline."	Courtney's Vineyard	92	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Two Sisters 2013 Courtney's Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Two Sisters
Spain	"Aromas of creamy vanilla and mixed berry fruits are a bit jumbled. This has a full, grabby, chunky palate, with spicy plum and peppery flavors that don't show a lot of variation or complexity. On the finish, there's heat and oak to cut through."	Glorioso Crianza	88	16	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Palacio 2014 Glorioso Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Palacio
US	"Dry, sharp in acidity and rather green, a tough Merlot to love despite some decent cherry and spice flavors."		83	20	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Arroba 2008 Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Arroba
US	"This Bordeaux blend with a little Syrah is easy and fruity. It has jammy, sugary flavors of raspberries, cherries, mint candy and vanilla."	Bank	84	24	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Cimarone 2008 Bank Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Red Blend	Cimarone
US	"This clean, fresh, bracingly grassy wine makes you wish there were more Sauv Blancs from the Willamette Valley. It has the crisp elegance of the Loire, along with a delicate suggestion of chalk."		88	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Christopher 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Willamette Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	J. Christopher
Italy	"Aromas of toast, underbrush and a hint of chocolate covered-cherry lead the nose. The firm palate offers dried black cherry, a hint of star anise and a green note of powdered sage alongside nervous acidity. Tightly packed, bracing tannins leave a tongue-drying finish."		87	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Fabiano Calcinaia 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	San Fabiano Calcinaia
Chile	"Rich, oaky aromas of coconut and vanilla are matched by earthy, almost nutty berry and cassis scents. This is tannic, grabby and slightly abrasive, while chocolate, cherry and cassis flavors end long, strong and ripe. Drink through 2018."	Corralillo	89	30	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matetic 2012 Corralillo Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Matetic
Italy	"Rose petal, leather, wet soil, truffle and red berry aromas lead the nose and follow through to the ripe palate along with cherry-berry, white pepper and mint. It's delicious and already surprisingly accessible. Drink 2016–2023."	Riund Bricco Rocca Riserva	90	85	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina del Monastero 2008 Riund Bricco Rocca Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Cascina del Monastero
US	"Sonoma Chard costing far more, this one showed off really well. Not as powerful in fruit, but dry and smooth, with delightful pineapple, crème brûlée, peaches and cream, and caramelized oak aromas and flavors."		87	7	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Hilltown 2006 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Hilltown
France	"A blend dominated by Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay produces a crisp, herbal wine that has the background of a more creamy texture. From 20-year-old vines planted on granite soil, it has a tight, mineral edge as well as concentrated apple, citrus and fresh melon fruits. Drink now."	La Fruitière Vignes Blanches	88	15	Loire Valley	Val de Loire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lieubeau 2015 La Fruitière Vignes Blanches White (Val de Loire)	White Blend	Lieubeau
Spain	"Jammy plum and raspberry aromas are meaty and hint at being plush. A flush, fairly full mouthfeel packs power, while flavors of plum and prune fade toward herbal, with residual weight to the finish."	Luno	86	17	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Portal del Priorat 2013 Luno Red (Montsant)	Red Blend	Portal del Priorat
France	"The mix of fresh crisp apple and shortbread notes on the nose is a delight. The same interplay of fresh, ripe and crisp apple fruit and the more developed richer notes of autolysis continue on the light and dry palate, supported by lively fine fizzing mousse. Inherent freshness brightens the entire palate while the long shortbread-tinged aftertaste makes for a very elegant finish. Lovely."	Brut	92	25	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Charles Baur NV Brut Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Domaine Charles Baur
Italy	"Firm and full bodied, this conveys aromas of mature, dark berry, allspice, coffee and Mediterranean herb. The rich palate offers a core of juicy black cherry, while notes of black pepper, cinnamon and clove provide backup. It's smooth and round with supple tannins."	Maroccoli	90	42	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Planeta 2011 Maroccoli Syrah (Sicilia)	Syrah	Planeta
Italy	"Bright and refreshing, this lively rosato opens with aromas of red woodland berry and a pleasant whiff of geranium. The vibrant palate doles out wild raspberry, strawberry and pomegranate while tangy acidity leaves a crisp finish."	Tinchitè	88	13	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Feudo Arancio 2014 Tinchitè Rosé (Terre Siciliane)	Rosé	Feudo Arancio
Spain	"Inky dark, with deep berry, sandalwood and sawmill aromas. Color and potency are not lacking in this modern-styled Tempranillo, which hits like a hammer. Feelwise, this is a tough, angular wine that will benefit from another year or two of aging. Now it's very tight and tannic, with piercing acidity."	MC	87	46	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marqués de Cáceres 2005 MC  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Marqués de Cáceres
US	"Copper-orange in color, this wine is made from 100% Syrah grapes, and tastes delightfully of raspberry and fresh plum. Juicy and refreshing, it has a leveled amount of acidity and yet a roundness to the palate that should work well with food, finishing crisp and clean."	Limited Release Syrah	87	26	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Black Stallion 2014 Limited Release Syrah Rosé (Oak Knoll District)	Rosé	Black Stallion
US	"Sharp and grapey, with sweet, jellied flavors of cherries, blackberries and chocolate. With a production of nearly a half-million cases, lots and lots of folks will happily wash down their meats and pasta with this easy red wine."	Valley Oaks	83	9	California	California	California Other			Fetzer 2005 Valley Oaks Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fetzer
US	"This block selection from the estate vineyard is planted to the old Pommard clone. It's an elegantly dry wine, dense in black and red cherry fruit, with hints of cola, wild herbs and spices. Feels very fine and silky in the mouth, and gets better with airing. Drink now and over the next six years."	Earthquake Block Don Miguel Vineyard	93	47	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Marimar Estate 2008 Earthquake Block Don Miguel Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Marimar Estate
Chile	"This new brand from Santa Carolina is improving with each passing vintage. Nimbus SB is true to its Casablanca roots; it shows oily, green aromas, a spot of bell pepper and then prickly lemon-lime flavors. It's a good one for sushi and other seafoods, while the mouthfeel is racy and clean."	Nimbus Estate Single Vineyard	87	12	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Casablanca 2008 Nimbus Estate Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Viña Casablanca
Portugal	"Soft, fruity wine, a perfect foil for grilled meats with its light tannin structure. Ripe and very fruity, generous and juicy."	Loios Tinto	85	10	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2010 Loios Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	J. Portugal Ramos
France	Black fruit and soft tannins yield a wine that is rounded with some attractive texture. Its ripe black currant fruitiness is lifted by its crisp acidity. Drink now.		86	10	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Patriarche Père et Fils 2015 Merlot (Vin de France)	Merlot	Patriarche Père et Fils
US	"Coming from the cool 2011 vintage, the aromas of herbs, apple and spice are light. It's medium bodied and creamy in feel with a lemony finish."	Zephyr Ridge Estate Bottled	86	22	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Swiftwater Cellars 2011 Zephyr Ridge Estate Bottled Chardonnay (Horse Heaven Hills)	Chardonnay	Swiftwater Cellars
US	"A 100% varietal wine entirely from the producer's Napa side of its property, this special cuvée is thick and rich in black and blue fruit, generously soft and silky on the palate with well-integrated oak. Complex and built to age, it finishes in a jolt of black pepper and licorice. Enjoy now through 2022."	Vintner Select	94	90	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pride Mountain 2012 Vintner Select Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pride Mountain
US	"Open this wine and you'll feel as though you've stepped into an Italian deli—so finely has it captured the smell of cured meats. The back layers feature cherry and herb, the finish a burst of roasted, toasted oak. This is a great wine to pair with a range of Italian-inspired meals."	Troppo Bella	88	23	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sorelle Winery 2010 Troppo Bella Sangiovese (Lodi)	Sangiovese	Sorelle Winery
US	"Locked down by hard tannins, this nonetheless is a beautiful Zinfandel, dry and rich in flavor. It bursts with savory wild berry, tobacco, mocha and pepper flavors, and feels elegant and refined. The tannins call for enormously rich beef, pasta, sauces and cheeses."	Shaw Vineyard Reserve Century Vines	92	35	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kunde 2005 Shaw Vineyard Reserve Century Vines Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Kunde
US	"In this intriguing wine blended with 10% Grenache, the aromas, flavors and feel aren't entirely connected. It's aromatically very reserved, with notes of mineral, coffee and red fruit. It has a incredibly supple, dazzling texture with the throttle pulled back on the alcohol and extraction."	Riviere Galets Estate Vineyard	90	34	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tertulia 2012 Riviere Galets Estate Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Tertulia
Spain	"With an opaque purple color and gritty, reduced aromas of grapy black fruits and hot stones, this hard, tannic, impermeable Tinto Fino tastes of lemony oak, baked blackberry and herbs. A dark, charred finish with notes of shoe polish and licorice is intense. Overall, this is fully extracted, concentrated and on the cusp of overdone. Drink through 2020."	Clave de Tábula	90	140	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas y Viñedos Tábula 2011 Clave de Tábula  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Bodegas y Viñedos Tábula
US	"It's easy to taste the fresh grape flavors in this medium-bodied, structured and appetizing wine. Good acidity and moderate tannins lift up black grape, blackberry and strawberry flavors to create very good balance."		89	18	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	William Hill Estate 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (North Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	William Hill Estate
US	"This is quite dark, heavy and warm for a rosé, with orange zest, raspberry and vanilla flavors. The fruit is prominent, sacrificing some of the wine's potential elegance."	Rosé of	84	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Bruliam 2012 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Bruliam
Argentina	"There's a fine line between ripe and overripe, and this awkwardly toes that line with syrupy aromas and a sticky mouthfeel. Along the path are flavors of maple, fudge and stewed blackberry. A jammy, soupy, candied finish is apropos for a heavy, superripe wine such as this."	Reserva	84	25	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casarena 2010 Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Casarena
France	"A firm and tannic wine, this has dry spices, dark fruits and concentration. Great depth of flavor gives a serious wine that also has a fruit-driven profile. Concentrated dark tannins push this wine to a great height and impressive length. Drink from 2020."		97	639	Burgundy	Grands-Echezeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2012  Grands-Echezeaux	Pinot Noir	Joseph Drouhin
US	"This rich, good Chardonnay is easy to drink. The tropical fruit, apricot and peach flavors are accented with oak, and balanced with acidity."	Appellation Series	86	28	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Cru 2012 Appellation Series Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Cru
Argentina	"Cedar, graphite, marzipan, black plum and blackberry aromas ooze power and ripeness. This is concentrated and dark in style, with oaky blackberry and cassis flavors. Spice, vanilla, raisin, cassis and chocolate flavors reflect maximum ripeness, while the finish is dense, layered and potent. Drink this hefty, extracted Malbec through 2020."	Single Vineyard Gran Reserva	91	35	Mendoza Province	Agrelo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lamadrid 2012 Single Vineyard Gran Reserva Malbec (Agrelo)	Malbec	Lamadrid
Argentina	"Gritty berry aromas come with notes of cheesy oak and road tar. This feels clunky and syrupy, but not unfriendly. Candied, reedy flavors of berry fruits and brown sugar finish jagged, with medicinal green notes."		86	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Gratia 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gratia
Italy	"Earthy aromas of tilled soil, truffle, leather, black cherry and cedar lead the nose on this rich but elegant wine. The concentrated, smooth palate delivers juicy blackberry, black currant, freshly ground peppercorn, licorice, milk chocolate and tobacco alongside velvety tannins. Stunning and delicious, it's already drinking beautifully but it will also maintain for years. Drink through 2025."	Messorio	96	315	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Macchiole 2010 Messorio Merlot (Toscana)	Merlot	Le Macchiole
US	"From Block 29 of the acclaimed vineyard, this wine is delightfully juicy and flirty in black cherry, leather, black pepper and tobacco. Full bodied and ripe, it never gets heavy, rather trafficking in enough acidity and sense of place to stay grounded on the palate."	Hendry Vineyard	90	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rock Wall 2013 Hendry Vineyard Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Rock Wall
US	"Tart red cherries and cassis are flecked with ceder and Graham-cracker crumbs on this lush, velvety red blend. It's opulent on the palate with warm tones of cassis liqueur marked by cocoa and spice, but balanced with pert acidity. It's a regal wine that should continue to show well till at least 2018."	Musée	90	90	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bedell 2010 Musée Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Red Blend	Bedell
US	"Toast, lightly roasted Marcona almonds, a touch of hazelnut and hints of melon and lemon blossom converge on the nose of this delicious and cleanly made wine. The flavors are savory, full of lemon zest and sea salt, hinged together by lines of well-rounded acidity. It would pair with everything from lighter fish dishes to smoked chicken."	Estate	93	38	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	McIntyre Vineyards 2014 Estate Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	McIntyre Vineyards
US	This matches deep purple fruits to aggressive herb and stem flavors. The impression is that some percentage of whole clusters were included in the ferment. This definitely needs extra bottle age—put it away till 2020.	Marjorie Vineyard	91	65	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cristom 2014 Marjorie Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Cristom
Chile	"On the nose, this Chardonnay smells mostly of oak, with apple and melon notes in the background. Salty oaky flavors mask the wine's fruit, which falls into the stone-fruit category. A barrel-dominated finish with nectarine notes is resiny and salty."	Marques de Casa Concha	87	22	Limarí Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2015 Marques de Casa Concha Chardonnay (Limarí Valley)	Chardonnay	Concha y Toro
US	"Mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, this is softened by the addition of 18% Merlot. Austere and slightly grippy, it is marked on the palate by leather and red plum, finishing in a clash of both."		87	40	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Houdini 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Houdini
US	"Blended with hearty amounts of Petite Sirah, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc and 8% unidentified, this is a likable, basic wine, dry in herb, cedar and pencil that'll work well with food."		85	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Benziger 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Benziger
US	"This blend is largely from Bacchus, Seven Hills and Wallula vineyards. It offers aromas of fresh herbs, thyme, dry chocolate, cherry and medicine cabinet. The flavors are quite sweet, with dry, chalky tannins backing them up."		88	60	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Boudreaux Cellars 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Washington)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Boudreaux Cellars
US	"Super smooth and open, this loose and lovely Merlot coats the palate with pretty cherry and raspberry fruit, slathered in tasty milk chocolatey oak. Not a deep wine, but deeply enjoyable, and ready to drink right now."		88	17	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Barnard Griffin 2008 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Barnard Griffin
Italy	"Juicy and powerfully structured, this vibrant red boasts aromas of underbrush, game and mature plum. The palate offers cherry marinated in spirits, juicy raspberry, white pepper, clove, tobacco and licorice alongside firm, velvety tannins. Drink through 2019."	Millenio Gran Selezione	92	45	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Cacchiano 2009 Millenio Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Castello di Cacchiano
Chile	"This coastal-influenced Chardonnay smells of green olive, iodine and sea brine more than fruit. A citric, high-intensity palate is chalky and minerally, as intended. Flavors of dried, briny stone fruits and apple are outright salty like the ocean, while the finish on this new wine from chalk-based soils is woody and briny, with juicy acidity."	Las Pizarras	89	95	Aconcagua Costa			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2014 Las Pizarras Chardonnay (Aconcagua Costa)	Chardonnay	Errazuriz
US	"Apricot jam and late-harvest botrytis flavors are often characteristic of this vineyard. This is bone dry, with brisk acidity and stony minerality. It will gradually lose fruit over the years."	Sleepy Hollow Vineyard	88	45	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Arcadian 2007 Sleepy Hollow Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Arcadian
France	"A finely textured wine, with its acidity and apple fruits laced with wood and spice. It is rich, full in the mouth, a wine that has great pure flavors, very clear right to the end. Screwcap."	Les Vaillons Vieilles Vignes	90	40	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Laroche 2009 Les Vaillons Vieilles Vignes  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Laroche
US	"Sharp acidity and intense oak meet in this deeply concentrated, tropically-influenced white. Peach, apple pie, and faint pineapple flavors all figure in."	Cresta Ridge Vineyard Estate	87	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Thomas George 2014 Cresta Ridge Vineyard Estate Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Thomas George
US	"Asian pear, candied lemon rinds and the slightest hint of marshmallow show on the nose of this bottling from a northeast-facing vineyard 1,800 feet up in the appellation. Fresh flavors of nectarine and white peach are pleasurably subtle, backed by both warmed lemon-butter elements and salty, savory acidity."	Reserve	92	35	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wrights Station 2014 Reserve Chardonnay (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Chardonnay	Wrights Station
US	"Formerly the Goldschmidt vineyard, Winderlea is under new ownership, and has been replanted. This is a light vintage, but beautifully rendered here, with sweet cherry fruit, bracing acidity and a lively mouthfeel that invites further sipping. The underlying minerality carries a hint of toasted cracker."	Estate	91	60	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Winderlea 2007 Estate Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Winderlea
France	"From Grand Cru vineyards in the Côte des Blancs, this fresh and fruity wine is now at its peak of crispness and minerality. It has concentration and a lively texture with white fruits, citrus and a bright, tight aftertaste. It could age after purchase, although there is no need."	Blanc de Blancs Grand Cru Extra Brut	92	68	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bruno Paillard NV Blanc de Blancs Grand Cru Extra Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Bruno Paillard
Austria	Wonderfully concentrated notes of ripe mirabelle plums open up on the nose. There also is a heady lemon note. The palate is rich with the same fleshy ripe fruit but has a fault line of zesty orange at its core that provides focus and seems to illuminate clouds of ripe aromatic citrus at every turn. This shimmers with tangerine and clementine. The body is immensely concentrated but has total direction and drive. Enjoy 2020–2040.	Hochrain Smaragd	95	68	Wachau			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Franz Hirtzberger 2015 Hochrain Smaragd Riesling (Wachau)	Riesling	Franz Hirtzberger
US	"Juicy, soft and sublime, this vineyard site sits on the extreme Sonoma Coast, near the town of Annapolis, approaching the Mendocino County line. Fine tannins and bright acidity combine for a memorable taste experience, marked in fresh strawberry, raspberry and black pepper."	Campbell Ranch Vineyard	92	54	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gros Ventre 2012 Campbell Ranch Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Gros Ventre
US	"Classy in cherry-berry crumble and vanilla, this wine then expands into sophisticated bursts of white pepper, cinnamon and violets. Elegant and intriguing, it offers balance amidst bold flavor, finishing smooth and velvety."		92	25	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Artezin 2012 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Artezin
US	"Light aromas of cocoa, dark berries and spice are followed by full-bodied dark fruit flavors that seem to show some oxygen exposure. It's not shy but retains a sense of balance."		88	34	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dumas Station 2013 Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Dumas Station
US	"Far better known as a Pinot Noir producer, Roessler has released this dry Riesling from 25-year-old vines, and it's a terrifically interesting, distinctive California white wine. At 4 years of age, it's bone dry, showing crisp, vibrant Anderson Valley acidity, and is showing the oily, diesel, peach, honeysuckle and hazelnut flavors of a maturing, Alsatian-style Riesling. Should continue to develop bottle complexity for another decade."	Wiley Vineyard	90	18	California	Anderson Valley				Roessler 2004 Wiley Vineyard Riesling (Anderson Valley)	Riesling	Roessler
US	"Spiced plums and purple flowers such as violet make for an appealing aromatic profile on this well-priced wine, a blend of 57% Syrah, 23% Petite Sirah, 17% Grenache and 3% Viognier. The palate is soft with flavors of ginger and red currant, tasting elegant though not exactly restrained. The strong tannins could use until 2016 to mellow out properly."	Copper	90	16	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Quadrant 2010 Copper Red (Paso Robles)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Quadrant
France	"This is the second wine of Listrac's Chateau Fonréaud. A blend of half-and-half Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, it is rich and juicy. Blackberry fruits are shot through with acidity and balanced with generous tannins that are softening well. With its juicy acidity and fruity aftertaste, it will be ready to drink from late 2017."	La Légende	89	23	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Fonréaud 2014 La Légende  (Haut-Médoc)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Fonréaud
France	The wine is almost mature. It has a minty edge with some firm tannins and plenty of balanced fruit and acidity. It benefits from the propitious conditions in this appellation during the difficult 2013 vintage and shows ripe fruit and a generous berry aftertaste. Drink from 2019.		89	43	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Coussieu-Coutelin 2013  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Coussieu-Coutelin
US	"This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon is brooding in dried sage, cedar and pencil shavings, the fruit black and ripe. Oaky and sanguine, it has a girth to it. Sprinkles of cinnamon and clove peak on the finish."	Estate	87	36	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Buehler 2012 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Buehler
Italy	"Toast, espresso, oak and grilled herb aromas lead the nose while the palate offers dried black cherry, raw cranberry, orange zest and oak. Raspy tannins leave a bracing, drying finish."	Rapet	88	103	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ca'Romè 2012 Rapet  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ca'Romè
Argentina	"This is Alamos's top Malbec, and it is fat and savory on the nose, with rubber, leather, asphalt and cured-meat aromas in addition to showing jammy fruit scents. In the mouth, this is lush and meaty, with blueberry, jerky and campfire flavors. A toasty, stout finish is big and weighty, but overall this fruit bomb is balanced."	Selección	90	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alamos 2010 Selección Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Alamos
US	"A nicely done microscopic-production Syrah out of Livermore Valley's Madden Ranch, the source for many a Syrah, not always so deliciously rendered. Winemaker Greg Jenkins (wife and partner is Olympian Peggy Fleming) works with a variety of grape sources from his historic Novitiate Winery in Los Gatos, using John Madden's hillside vineyard fruit in this case to make an intense wine full of cassis, vanilla, anise and chocolate."	Madden Ranch	90	40	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fleming Jenkins 2008 Madden Ranch Syrah (Livermore Valley)	Syrah	Fleming Jenkins
Italy	"Aromas of toast, underbrush and a whiff of wet fur lead the nose. The structured palate offers hazelnut, crushed raspberry and grilled herb alongside assertive tannins that give it a firm finish."	Garretti	89	150	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Spinetta 2012 Garretti  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	La Spinetta
France	"Aromas of white cherry and strawberry lead the nose of this wine, with hints of peach and honeydew that lend richness. A mentholated thread adds interest to the palate, alongside a soft astringency that couples with notes of melon rind and citrus peel on the finish."	Domaine Mas Belles Eaux	86	12	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Mas Belles Eaux 2015 Domaine Mas Belles Eaux Rosé (Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	Mas Belles Eaux
US	"This offers fresh fruit flavors of watermelon and strawberry. Delicate and flavorful, it's perfect for sipping on your porch, deck, boat or simply while picnicking."	Rosé	88	20	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Stoller 2013 Rosé Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Stoller
US	"This is a substantial wine whose raspberry, pomegranate and wild cherry flavors are enhanced with striking minerality. The aromas suggest more to come as the wine develops, offering teasing hints of mint, vanilla and lead pencil. Give this plenty of cellaring and see what happens."	Reserve	91	65	Oregon	Southern Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abacela 2005 Reserve Tempranillo (Southern Oregon)	Tempranillo	Abacela
Spain	"Mineral, dark spices, licorice and earthy cherry aromas form a solid, attractive bouquet. The palate is easygoing and chunky, but well built and structured. Flavors of toast and vanilla sit atop standard raspberry and plum, while the finish is dry and oaky, but clean and long."	Crianza	89	19	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Solabal 2007 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Solabal
US	"Ripe, muscular wine, with a full throttle nose rich with jammy black fruits. Firm structure, smooth tannins, and a chocolaty finish make this an appealing, consumer-friendly style."	Reserve	88	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Stonehedge 1997 Reserve Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Stonehedge
Italy	"Made with Chardonnay, Ribolla Gialla and Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of beeswax, acacia flower and yellow apple. The bright palate offers peach, pear, nectarine zest and mineral alongside vibrant acidity. It's racy but balanced."	Bràtinis	89	24	Northeastern Italy	Collio		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Gradis'ciutta 2014 Bràtinis White (Collio)	White Blend	Gradis'ciutta
Germany	"Swathes of freshly cut herbs and blossom perfume zesty grapefruit and honeydew flavors in this dry, deftly balanced wine. Bracing acidity invigorates and amplifies its crystalline demeanor, extending a long, mineral finish. It drinks well now, but should improve through 2025."	Scharzhofberger GG Trocken	93	50	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2014 Scharzhofberger GG Trocken Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
US	"Dry and crisp but unripe, with vegetal flavors beside the modest cherries and currants. Drink now."		83	35	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Moser Scharding 2005 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Valley)	Pinot Noir	Moser Scharding
US	"Made in a ripe, oaky style, this 100% Cabernet has powerful blackberry and cassis flavors that are a little warm. Its 95% new French oak is evident in the smoke, vanilla, toast and caramel notes. It's a very tannic wine that locks down the palate with dry astringency. All indications suggest the cellar. Give it at least eight years."	Mario's Vineyard	92	70	California	St. Helena	Napa			Trinchero 2009 Mario's Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Trinchero
US	"A dazzling Merlot, rich and complex, offering immediately appealing waves of cherry pie, red currant, cola, mocha, brown sugar, cinnamon and sweet oak. Even though the tannins are thick, they're as soft as velvet. The structural integrity of this wine is pure Napa Valley and makes the wine particularly fine."		92	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			La Jota Vineyard 2008 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	La Jota Vineyard
US	"This unusual, but successful, combination of Tempranillo, Garnacha and Cabernet Sauvignon is a great example of modern Paso blending. Each grape variety fills in the deficiencies of the others, resulting in a harmonious whole. It has the tannic weight of Cabernet, with complex cherry, mocha, cola and spice flavors that drink well now. There's some burn in the finish that detracts."	The Big Easy	89	38	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Silver Horse 2011 The Big Easy Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Silver Horse
US	"Intricate baking spice aromas and buttery apple-tart flavors meet a delicate yet expansive mouthfeel in this light-bodied, irresistible and off-dry wine. The spicy elements weave in and out of the silky texture and continue to echo on the finish."	Blanc de Blancs Méthode Champenoise	92	32	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Breathless NV Blanc de Blancs Méthode Champenoise Chardonnay (North Coast)	Chardonnay	Breathless
France	"A more serious attempt at crafting a good Pinot Noir in Languedoc-Roussillon and quite a successful one as well. Vanilla dominates the nose but yields to cherry pie filling and cherry jam flavors in the mouth. Mineral and strawberry notes shine through on the crisp, moderately long finish."	Réserve Spéciale	86	13	Languedoc-Roussillon	Vin de Pays d'Oc				Gérard Bertrand 2006 Réserve Spéciale Pinot Noir (Vin de Pays d'Oc)	Pinot Noir	Gérard Bertrand
US	"Quite green out of the gate, the aromas display notes of savory herbs, cedar and spice, with a reduced note that blows off. The plum and dark-fruit flavors are tart and elegant with dry tannins that don't seem to have fully ripened. It has potential at the dinner table but doesn't quite stand up on its own."		88	19	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Silver Totem 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Silver Totem
Chile	"Despite hot conditions in 2012, this manages to deliver pungent aromas of nettle, green herbs, passion fruit and pink grapefruit. It's clear and straightforward in the mouth, with passion fruit, lychee, lime and tangerine flavors. A long finish holds off on the bitterness while maintaining exuberance and pop."	Pequeñas Producciones Estate Bottled	90	36	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casas del Bosque 2012 Pequeñas Producciones Estate Bottled Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Casas del Bosque
US	"100% Cabernet Sauvignon all coming from Alder Ridge Vineyard, it has notes of cherry and dried herbs. The tannins are dry with a cranberry filled finish."		86	20	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Six Prong 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Six Prong
US	"Flavors of raspberry jam, pain grille, spice box and dark cherry are forward and succulent, thanks to the juicy acidity and flexible tannins. An herbal rose note surfaces on the midpalate, leading to a warm, persistent finish. Enjoy this with grilled salmon with a soy-ginger glaze."	Pheasant Hill Single Vineyard Estate Bottled	87	36	New Jersey	New Jersey				Unionville 2010 Pheasant Hill Single Vineyard Estate Bottled Pinot Noir (New Jersey)	Pinot Noir	Unionville
US	"Light and bright, a shade darker than a hearty Rhône rosé, this cherry- and strawberry-flavored pacer displays saddle leather and earth notes that provide interest and depth. Fairly high in acidity, and with brisk, lightly peppery tannins, this would be great with cheese or spicy hors d’oeuvres."	Doerner Vyd	86	30	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon			Secret House 1998 Doerner Vyd Pinot Noir (Umpqua Valley)	Pinot Noir	Secret House
US	"The producer's flagship Bordeaux-inspired blend combines 84% Cabernet Sauvignon with 6% Merlot, 6% Cabernet Franc, 2% Malbec and 2% Petit Verdot. Sanguine, it has a refined sense of cedar and pencil shavings around still-tight tannins that lean savory in tea and dark chocolate. Dried herbs dominate the finish. Cellar through 2020."	Cinq Cépages	91	80	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chateau St. Jean 2012 Cinq Cépages Red (Sonoma County)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Chateau St. Jean
Bulgaria	"Pristine flavors of cassis and black cherry give an elegant floral quality to this dry, full-bodied Cabernet. Crisp with acidity, it's balanced and impeccably crafted. It finishes long on a delicious coffee-inflected note."	Reserve	87	9	Thracian Valley			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Domaine Boyar 2009 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Thracian Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Domaine Boyar
US	"Made from three-quarters Merlot and one-eighth each Cabernet Sauvignon and Mourvèdre, this new version of The Spinner seems to be surfing a wave of spicy berry that's about to smash into a wall of chocolate. But it never crashes, instead it just sails on through a gorgeous midpalate into a lingering finish that features caramel and mocha highlights."	The Spinner	91	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Nefarious 2010 The Spinner Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Nefarious
Chile	"A slight, sharp wine with hints of vinegar and bramble on the nose and then skinny cherry and cranberry flavors. Too much bite and acid and not nearly enough depth, richness or fun."	El Delirio Reserve Carménère-Merlot	81	11	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Botalcura 2006 El Delirio Reserve Carménère-Merlot Red (Central Valley)	Red Blend	Botalcura
US	"This rather exotic Riesling was fermented and aged in barrels, 43% new, and the rest once-used. The barrel treatment takes it away from any ordinary Riesling characteristics, yielding a wine that has much in common with Viognier—floral and buttery, with substantial alcohol."	Lawrence Vineyards Grand Klasse	91	22	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gård 2012 Lawrence Vineyards Grand Klasse Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Gård
US	Smashed black rocks and turned earth meet with black plum and pasilla chile on the nose of this bottling. The palate is relatively thin in body but full of blueberry and pepper-spice flavors.		86	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Magness 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Magness
US	"Heavy handed in ripe fruit and oak, with a soft, sweet mouthfeel. Will appeal to fans of the tropical fruit and buttered toast style of Chardonnay."		84	15	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Bargetto 2008 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Bargetto
Italy	"You can smell those distinctive notes from the muffa nobile, or botrytis, that has shaped a deep and layered wine with notes of peach fuzz, candied fruit, apricot and white almond. The wine is sweet, but not exaggeratedly so, and has a bright, elegant mouthfeel."	Muffato della Sala	91	375	Central Italy	Umbria				Marchesi Antinori 2006 Muffato della Sala White (Umbria)	White Blend	Marchesi Antinori
South Africa	Herbal hints of fynbos and white-floral accents frame the bright clementine-fruit core of this wine. Subtle notes of hay and toast add depth to the otherwise brisk and lively palate. This is well-balanced and drinking beautifully now.		88	16	Coastal Region			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Backsberg 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Coastal Region)	Sauvignon Blanc	Backsberg
US	"From the oldest part of the estate, planted in 1992, this excellent effort seems to have entered the phase where more aromatic complexity appears. It has lovely delineation of both scents and flavors, a matrix of fruit, soil and Pommard clone. Strong streaks of tobacco and chocolate annotate the core of raspberry puree. The concentration and length are impressive."	Aliette	94	55	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	WillaKenzie Estate 2014 Aliette Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	WillaKenzie Estate
Australia	"Captivating, with zesty lemon and wet stones on the nose, followed by a complex medley of citrus, passionfruit and carnations on the palate. The wine finishes well, with punchy notes of lime marmalade and dry chalk. Try with smoked trout. Drink now for its vibrant fruit or lay down for a few years for more honeyed depth."	Hand Picked	90	15	South Australia	Clare Valley				Knappstein 2008 Hand Picked Riesling (Clare Valley)	Riesling	Knappstein
US	"Whispers of charred wood, ripe bramble and earth add an elegant rusticity to this Pinot Noir's subtle black-cherry flavor. This is delicately structured, with bright, brisk acidity and a hint of dried mushroom that linger on the palate."		88	23	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Ravines 2009 Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Ravines
US	"100% varietal with all of the fruit coming from StoneTree Vineyard, it's barrel-forward, with notes of fresh brewed coffee, dark chocolate and cherry. It starts out lighter in style before fleshing out over time with a pleasing interplay between the oak and fruit flavors. Soft tannins and tart acidity provide the frame."	StoneTree Vineyard	90	28	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Knight Hill 2010 StoneTree Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Wahluke Slope)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Knight Hill
US	"This offers light berry and melon flavors, with a tart, slightly peppery bite. Good texture and overall balance make this a pleasant quaffer."		87	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Spindrift Cellars 2011 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Spindrift Cellars
Portugal	"Red-cherry flavors dominate this soft fruity wine. It is aromatic, full of ripe fruitiness and with just the right touch of acidity. Drink now."	Cascas Winemaker Selection	84	10	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casca Wines 2015 Cascas Winemaker Selection Rosé (Douro)	Rosé	Casca Wines
France	"Intense acidity gives this wine character. It is taut and nervy, with a mineral texture. The bright, crisp red-fruit background to this acidity will assert itself over the coming months. Drink from late summer 2017."	Lalande Bellevue	87	16	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons de Tutiac 2016 Lalande Bellevue Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Vignerons de Tutiac
Spain	"A hint of lemon-lime characterizes an otherwise neutral nose. This definitively sweet Cava is a bit heavy and sticky but not out of shape. Candied apple, confection sugar and cinnamon flavors finish with baking-spice notes."	Sweet Reserva	87	15	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps NV Sweet Reserva Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Juvé y Camps
US	"From an estate-grown vineyard and blended with 18% Malbec, in addition to smaller percentages of Merlot and Petit Verdot, this wine is crisp and edgy in red cherry and berry, with a layering of earthy fennel. Layered in fine-grained tannins, it finishes dense and seasoned in clove and cinnamon."		90	55	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	JD 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	JD
France	"This is a delicious, crisp wine full of minerality, acidity and a zesty texture. Tight and lively, it offers citrus and green-plum fruitiness with a hint of spice. Drink this attractive wine now."	Closerie des Alisiers	89	16	Burgundy	Mâcon-Milly Lamartine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison Stéphane Brocard 2015 Closerie des Alisiers  (Mâcon-Milly Lamartine)	Chardonnay	Maison Stéphane Brocard
US	"A pear-flavored Pinot Gris from Yakima valley fruit. The fruit is limned with well-defined skin flavors, and the wine has a light tawny color. It starts off well, then stops short with a plastic, Band-Aid finish."	Girly Girl	83	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Silver Lake 2008 Girly Girl Pinot Gris (Columbia Valley (WA))	Pinot Gris	Silver Lake
US	"Equal parts Syrah and Merlot (40%), this wine is finished off with Pinot Noir. Vanilla, baking spice, licorice, woodspice and cherry aromas lead to plump, tart cranberry flavors that linger. The wood is heavy at times, which is a shame as the balance of the fruit is spot on."	Rancher's	89	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Copper Belt 2012 Rancher's Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Copper Belt
US	"This well-made, widely distributed wine will serve a range of purposes and palates. Spiky acidity meets a muddle of apple, caramel and baked overtones of pineapple seasoned in nutmeg. Medium-bodied and food-friendly, it offers a long finish."		88	17	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rodney Strong 2014 Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Rodney Strong
US	"With a light, silky texture, this Pinot glides over the palate, carrying rich fruit and spice flavors. They include raspberries, pomegranates, cola, red licorice, cinnamon and pepper. It's lovely in many respects, but it's also notably sharp in acidity, a problem that's unlikely to go away."		86	38	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Casa Torres 2006 Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Casa Torres
US	"Earthy and doughy aromas lead to subtle, crisp apple and bright lemon flavors in this very good, go-to wine that has lasting fine-beaded bubbles. It tastes dry and refreshing and feels crisp and lively on the palate."	Brut	88	14	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Korbel NV Brut Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Korbel
US	"This blend of Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre and Petite Sirah grapes is so packed with flavors that they seem to stumble over each other at first. It leads with a definitely earthy aroma that fades, but then the flavors come out—effusive, chocolaty, almost sweet and definitely ripe. It is full bodied and rich in texture."	Arrastre	88	28	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Legendre 2012 Arrastre Red (Amador County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Legendre
US	"A handful of Cabernet Franc is included in this wine, which is full-bodied and quite robust, indicative of its mountain birth. While violet and rose florals accent dark cherry tastes, the tannin weight hints at meaty and spicy undertones."	Stagecoach Vineyard	90	90	California	Atlas Peak	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sequoia Grove 2012 Stagecoach Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Atlas Peak)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sequoia Grove
Portugal	"Powerful and spicy, this is a concentrated wine. It has a firm and rich structure of solid tannins. That contrasts with the black plum and juicy berry fruits. Together, they make a wine that is impressive, dark and only just ready to drink. Best wait until 2017."	Incógnito	92	110	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cortes de Cima 2012 Incógnito Syrah (Alentejano)	Syrah	Cortes de Cima
US	"Generous streaks of caramel and honey seem to glaze this delectably sweet late-harvest Riesling. It's lusciously ripe, dripping with autumnal flavors of freshly pressed apples and pears, but bright tangerine acidity offers balance."	Late Harvest	88	34	New York	Hudson River Region	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Millbrook 2013 Late Harvest Riesling (Hudson River Region)	Riesling	Millbrook
US	"Fresh green herbs on the nose accumulate fruit and floral notes on the palate of this pretty but robust rosé. A blend of Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Chardonnay and Gewürztraminer, it offers intense red berry and watermelon fruitiness along with a pleasantly clingy, silken mouthfeel."	Summer in Bottle	90	24	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wölffer 2015 Summer in Bottle Rosé (North Fork of Long Island)	Rosé	Wölffer
US	"Coming from the state's first Syrah vineyard, this wine offers aromas of thistle, smoke, blackberry and blue fruit, along with mineral and pomegranate accents—still seeming to need time to settle in. The flavors show superb delicacy and impressive length. It wins on its subtleties rather than sheer opulence, though it has plenty of both."	La Côte Patriarche	93	57	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Betz Family 2013 La Côte Patriarche Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Betz Family
US	"Focused on the more delicate aspects of the grape, this wine comes from a vineyard recently leased long-term by this Kathyrn Hall-owned brand. It shows rose petals, anise, baked plum, mulberry and alpine strawberry on the nose. The palate combines cola, pencil lead, dark cranberry and black pepper."	Clos Pepe	91	75	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Walt 2013 Clos Pepe Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Walt
Argentina	"Always a good buy and always big and husky, Gascón is a saturated and dark wine but one with good balance and texture. The nose features cola, boysenberry and density, while the palate is sweet and floral, with big berry flavors. Quite good for a fat young Malbec."		87	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Don Miguel Gascón 2007 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Don Miguel Gascón
Chile	Powdery bath-soap aromas are odd on the nose. The mealy palate boasts flavors of bitter melon and papaya.	Gran Reserva	81	11	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Autoritas 2014 Gran Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Autoritas
Italy	"There's a subdued, easy quality to the bouquet, encompassing aromas of wild berry, ginger, cola and leather. The finish is smooth, fine and slightly chewy."		88	40	Piedmont	Barolo				Ricossa 2007  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Ricossa
US	"Vegetal, with an asparagus edge to the citrus fruit flavors. That mars this otherwise clean, dry and zesty Chardonnay."	Selected Vineyards	82	10	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Concannon 2008 Selected Vineyards Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Concannon
US	Faint aromas of yellow apple and pear lead to lightly creamy but dilute stone and tropical fruit flavors.		83	17	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Diversion 2013 Chardonnay (Washington)	Chardonnay	Diversion
New Zealand	"This wine's bold cassis fruit is accented by charred capsicum and vaguely herbal notes, giving it ample complexity at this young age. It's full bodied, yet creamy and supple in texture, with soft tannins on the long, mouthwatering finish."	The Gimblett Gimblett Gravels	91	35	Hawke's Bay			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Trinity Hill 2010 The Gimblett Gimblett Gravels Red (Hawke's Bay)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Trinity Hill
Italy	"Mature black-skinned fruit, raisin, leather and a hint of menthol come together on this structured wine. The firm palate delivers dried black cherry, blackberry extract, clove, espresso and a hint of dried herb. Assertive, fine-grained tannins provide support but also an astringent finish."	Il Saggio Riserva	88	50	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Antico Colle 2010 Il Saggio Riserva  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Sangiovese	Antico Colle
US	"There's something mushroomy and feral about this wine, which finishes with sour cherry."	The Pintail	83	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Armanino Family Cellars 2013 The Pintail Pinot Noir (Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Armanino Family Cellars
Italy	"Made from organically farmed Sangiovese, Barbera and Sagrantino, this bold blend opens with notes of tilled soil, violet, rose and spice. The palate delivers lush blackberry and red cherry accented by cinnamon and clove. Delicious now, but will continue to develop; drink 2015–2021."		90	21	Central Italy	Montefalco Rosso		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Di Filippo 2011  Montefalco Rosso	Red Blend	Di Filippo
Argentina	"Tropical and toasty, with buttercup and banana on the nose. Good acidity keeps the palate zesty and moving forward, while the flavors of lemon, lime and pineapple are juicy and clean. Good in a fresh and simple way, with just a spot of oak character."	Oak Cask	86	12	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trapiche 2009 Oak Cask Chardonnay (Mendoza)	Chardonnay	Trapiche
US	"True to its advocacy for Malbec in the Napa Valley, the producer adds 15% Malbec to this Cabernet Sauvignon, forging a dark, rich and intense wine that's generous in black fruit and tobacco. It nonetheless retains ample acidity to stay balanced and rewarding on the palate. Enjoy through 2020."		91	60	California	Mount Veeder	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Hess Collection 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mount Veeder)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Hess Collection
Italy	"This fresh, spicy blend of Frappato and Syrah opens with heady scents of rosebud, red berry and ground pepper while the easygoing, silky palate shows juicy morello cherry, anise and a hint of dark cooking spice. Drink soon."	Calanica Nero d'Avola-Merlot	87	15	Sicily & Sardinia	Terre Siciliane		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Duca di Salaparuta 2013 Calanica Nero d'Avola-Merlot Red (Terre Siciliane)	Red Blend	Duca di Salaparuta
Argentina	"Compared to the 2004, this wine seems less generous. The nose is solid, with licorice, spice, pepper and plum fruit. But the palate is kind of flat and bland, with plump but dull raspberry and strawberry fruit. For $30 you want more."	Medalla	84	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trapiche 2005 Medalla Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Trapiche
Austria	"The nose gives little away. The frothy palate charms with soft slight sweetness and lively froth: there is freshness even if there is not exactly distinguishable fruit. This is a very easy-drinking, unfussy sparkler with a rounded finish that's ideal for parties."	Rosé Secco Méthode Traditionelle	87	20	Österreichischer Sekt			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Schlumberger Wein- und Sektkellerei NV Rosé Secco Méthode Traditionelle Sparkling (Österreichischer Sekt)	Sparkling Blend	Schlumberger Wein- und Sektkellerei
Argentina	"Roasted, gritty aromas of bacon and spicy oak are burnt on the surface. This is fleshy and full in body, with moderate acidity. Herbal, minty, lightly green berry flavors have a rooty accent and oaky makeup. Finishing flavors of mint and raw oak blend into herbal berry leftovers."	Famiglia Bianchi	88	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Valentin Bianchi 2014 Famiglia Bianchi Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Valentin Bianchi
Italy	"This bright, easygoing wine is endowed with fragrant violet, iris, red berry and tilled soil aromas. The sleek, no-frills palate offers crushed red berry, white pepper and a hint of coffee alongside lively acidity and limber tannins. It's simple but well made. Drink through 2017."		86	19	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Valiano 2013  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Fattoria di Valiano
US	"Bright, tart fruit conjures up fresh raspberries and cranberries, with potent acids and light hints of metal shavings and dried leaves. A lovely wisp of cinnamon toast elevates the finish."	Thistle Vineyard	91	48	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ayoub 2013 Thistle Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Ayoub
US	"Sourced from an outstanding vineyard, this juicy, spicy, zesty Riesling shows terrific balance and lively acidity. A mix of peach, green apple and Key lime fruit anchors a thoroughly refreshing wine, with just a touch of residual sugar."	Traditions Evergreen Vineyard	90	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Milbrandt 2013 Traditions Evergreen Vineyard Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Milbrandt
Argentina	"Earthy in aromas, with notes of leafy tomato and red plum. Feels narrow and compact, with herbal, slightly tart flavors of red berry mixed with peppery barrel spice and green herbal tinges. Light, then toasty and spicy on the finish."		84	18	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lagarde 2010 Merlot (Mendoza)	Merlot	Lagarde
US	"Rich texture combines with subtle flavors in this full-bodied, complex wine. It opens with mineral and white pepper aromas, broadens into Anjou pear, vanilla and toasted almonds flavors, and finishes with creamy concentration."		90	20	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Chime 2015 Chardonnay (North Coast)	Chardonnay	Chime
Chile	"This racy, fresh, cool-vintage blend is a touch rubbery on the nose, with berry and cassis undertones. A tight palate delivers a mix of dark plum, blackberry, baking spice and chocolate flavors in front of a peppery, dry, crisp finish. Drink through 2019."	Lien	90	30	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Maquis 2010 Lien Red (Colchagua Valley)	Red Blend	Maquis
US	"The ripe cherry and strawberry flavors in this medium-bodied wine get great support from mild acidity and appetizing tannins. These create good balance and keep a little grip in the texture, helping the wine pair nicely with big proteins."	El Loco Rojo	89	42	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Wood Family Vineyards 2014 El Loco Rojo Red (Livermore Valley)	Red Blend	Wood Family Vineyards
US	"In terms of opulence and complexity, this is the least of Lynmar's 2011 Pinot Noirs. But it's all relative, because this is a fantastic wine. Its hallmarks are dryness, moderate alcohol, tart acidity and a silky texture. The sour-cherry candy and persimmon flavors have a mushroomy edge that suggests wild mushroom risotto."		90	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Lynmar 2011 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lynmar
France	"A soft Chardonnay from limestone soil vineyards, this has attractive apple and citrus fruits. It is round, smooth and with a creamy aftertaste that allows room for refreshing acidity. Jean-Paul Brun has been making wine since 1979. He uses natural yeasts."	Classic	85	17	Beaujolais	Beaujolais Blanc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine des Terres Dorées 2014 Classic  (Beaujolais Blanc)	Chardonnay	Domaine des Terres Dorées
US	"The extra heat of Calistoga shows in this wine's softness, which limits its ageability. On the other hand, it's supremely ripe in blackberries, cherries, currants and milk chocolate, while oak adds elaborate layers of buttered toast and caramel. Drink now–2015."	Amoenus	92	75	California	Calistoga	Napa			Turnbull 2008 Amoenus Cabernet Sauvignon (Calistoga)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Turnbull
US	"This is absolutely delicious, with raspberry, cherry and mocha flavors that go on and on. Great Central Coast acidity provides needed tartness to balance the richness. It's a beautiful, ripe, flashy and sophisticated Pinot Noir, showing the early drinkability and freshness of the Edna Valley."	Stone Corral Vineyard Estate	91	48	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Kynsi 2009 Stone Corral Vineyard Estate Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kynsi
US	"This small-production, vineyard-designate is impressive in dried cherry and raspberry layers of flavor, supported by integrated oak. Juicy and explosive on the palate, it offers a spicy forest-floor note that complements the fruit."	Tina Marie Vineyard	90	52	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Enkidu 2014 Tina Marie Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Enkidu
US	"This Merlot is very tannic now, which makes it hard to drink. There are considerable cherry, berry, currant, mineral and herb flavors, but they're buried under a ton of astringency. You're best off giving the wine a good four years in the cellar to let it age it a bit."	Estate	88	52	California	Howell Mountain	Napa			Bravante 2007 Estate Merlot (Howell Mountain)	Merlot	Bravante
France	"This estate, managed for the owner by Producteurs Plaimont, surrounds a perfectly preserved medieval castle. The wine is firm with tense tannins and intense juicy acidity. It has a structured character full of blackberry fruit and with a dry core. It hints at being mature already although it will be much better to drink from 2018."	Château de Sabazan	90	40	Southwest France	Saint-Mont		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Producteurs Plaimont 2014 Château de Sabazan  (Saint-Mont)	Red Blend	Producteurs Plaimont
US	"This soft, sweet, oaky Cabernet will appeal to those who like the New World style. It's as puffy as a dessert concoction, with cherry, chocolate, nougat and cinnamon spice flavors, and is ready to drink now."	Reserve	86	69	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Cobblestone 2006 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cobblestone
US	"Certainly a remarkable value, this brings concentrated flavors of ripe raspberry and cherry liqueur into a big, broad and deep midpalate. The exuberance and depth of fruit is astonishing, and the balancing acidity suggests that the wine will retain its freshness through 2020 and beyond. This is one to buy by the case."		91	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Broadley 2015 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Broadley
US	"A very nice, polished Syrah that shows its cool-climate origins in the brisk acidity and black pepper spiciness that make the tastebuds whistle. There's a good core of blackberry, coffee and baker's chocolate fruit, although it could be a little more concentrated for the price. Drink now through 2009."	Limited Selection	89	42	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Gainey 2005 Limited Selection Syrah (Sta. Rita Hills)	Syrah	Gainey
US	"This wine smells like moist earth after a rainfall. Aromas of earth, smoke, peat, olive tapenade and tobacco lead to abundant savory flavors with a lightly chalky feel. It captivates the senses."	Impulsivo	93	90	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cayuse 2012 Impulsivo Tempranillo (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Tempranillo	Cayuse
France	"Its name a play on the Petit Chablis appellation (pas si petit means “not so little”), this wine has a ripe and fruity character. Crisp texture and lively, exuberant acidity carry its white fruit flavors into the finish. Drink now."	Pas si Petit	87	19	Burgundy	Petit Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	La Chablisienne 2015 Pas si Petit  (Petit Chablis)	Chardonnay	La Chablisienne
US	"This 100% varietal wine is a blend of fruit from Ciel du Cheval and Obelisco vineyards. Aromatically expressive, it boasts directly appealing notes of black plum, cassis, violets and dark spice, with the fruit very primary. The black-fruit flavors coat the palate from end to end and bring a compelling mouthfeel. The tannins are there but are beautifully integrated. It will be best from 2022–2030."	Lonely Heart	91	95	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Mark Ryan 2014 Lonely Heart Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mark Ryan
France	"Philip the Bold was Duke of Burgundy in the 14th century and owner of this estate. This wine that comes from vines next to Saint-Aubin is cool and fresh, emphasizing red currants and acidity. It needs to broaden out, which will happen in the next two to three years. Drink from 2019."	Clos Philippe le Hardi	89	30	Burgundy	Hautes Cotes de Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Santenay 2014 Clos Philippe le Hardi  (Hautes Cotes de Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Château de Santenay
US	"This soft, stewy Zin tastes as if it were steeped in black tea and leather, giving it depth and concentration. As it opens, layers of black pepper pierce through, exploding on the finish amidst earthy cedar and sandalwood. It's a fine food wine that'll impress and improve as the meal goes on."	Judge Bell	90	32	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Turley 2011 Judge Bell Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Turley
US	"There's a lot to admire in this robust wine, from its soft, muddled layers of spicy cinnamon to its well-hewn bursts of black licorice and blackberry. While full-bodied and brooding, it drinks with elegance and a brightness of red fruit on the finish."	Knotty Vines	90	25	California	Northern Sonoma	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Rodney Strong 2013 Knotty Vines Zinfandel (Northern Sonoma)	Zinfandel	Rodney Strong
US	"Light pink in color, this wine is fresh and zesty in aroma, mild and pretty in flavor and light on the tongue, with just a hint of sweetness. Made from 80% Zinfandel and bottled with an elegant screen-printed label, it's as a classy version of white Zinfandel."	Estate	88	18	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Andis 2015 Estate Rosé (Amador County)	Rosé	Andis
US	"Made from Zinfandel, this wine has dark color and an intensity of weight, but also enough of a high-toned taste of fresh tangerine to remain captivating in the glass, refreshing and substantial."	Arozza	90	28	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gracianna 2015 Arozza Rosé (Russian River Valley)	Rosé	Gracianna
Chile	"A recommended Chardonnay that's a step or two up from this country's norm. Vanilla, toast and apple aromas set the stage for lively apple, peach and melon flavors. Honey and toast work the finish, and overall it blends tropical power and sweetness with subtleties and some elegance."	Reserve	88	14	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2008 Reserve Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Santa Ema
France	"Dry and structured, this dense wine has some austerity that comes from the dry tannins and extracted, bitter flavors. The aftertaste shows more of the tannins and dryness. Drink from 2020."		88	45	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Louvière 2012  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Louvière
US	"California's best Riesling grown for 25 years at 1,800 feet above Napa Valley. Crisp and concentrated flavors of apples, lime and minerals are encased in fine acidity and drink steely and sleek. The residual sugar us 0.7%, which is off-dry, but the acids are so good, the wine feels dry in the mouth. By the way, this wine will age for a long time."		90	17	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Smith-Madrone 2001 Riesling (Napa Valley)	Riesling	Smith-Madrone
US	"Crisp and dry, this bright pink wine is classically styled, showing apple skin aromas and lively grapefruit flavors. Made from Pinot Noir, it's light and appetizing and has a solid, mildly grippy mouthfeel."		88	13	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Angeline 2016 Rosé (California)	Rosé	Angeline
US	"A fine Otis Cab, from Columbia's now departed winemaking team of David Lake and Robert Takahashi. It's rich and deep, scented with a luscious mix of fresh herbs. The fruit has a pleasing spiciness, sweet plum and cassis threaded with anise and sage. There seems to be more fruit concentration and less of the green, peppery character that Otis can bring in some vintages, but even now this is a very young wine (it was released in June of 2008) that should reward another few years of cellaring."	Otis Vineyard	91	28	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Columbia Winery 2003 Otis Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Yakima Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Columbia Winery
France	"As befits a 100% Pinot Noir wine, this is a rich Champagne, poised between ripe apricot and pear fruits and more mineral acidity. Just a touch of tannin adds structure to this ready-to-drink wine."	Blanc de Noirs Brut	91	45	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Devaux NV Blanc de Noirs Brut Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Devaux
US	"Sharp and minty, with modest red cherry and cola flavors. The thinness of fruit accentuates the tannins and acids. Nice and dry, but lacks generosity for a pricey Pinot Noir."		86	32	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Inman Family 2007 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Inman Family
France	"Fine tannins, dusty and sweet, play a major part in the success of this wine. It's fruit, initially subdued by the tannins, then bursts through with cherry jelly, dark plums and an edge of licorice. It's certainly rich, but it all hangs together well."	Roc de Candale	89	40	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Candale 2005 Roc de Candale  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Candale
Argentina	"Big but scattered. The nose mixes incongruent aromas of green beans, chocolate and wood resin before transitioning to a palate of wood spice and generic berry fruit flavors. Too chewy, resiny and woody, and lacking harmony."		83	13	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Dolce Stefania 2005 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Dolce Stefania
US	"This is a light, simple Pinot Noir. It's not quite ripe, with a mushroomy edge to the cherries, cola and rhubarb. At the same time, it's silky, and fine for drinking now."	Diamond Collection	84	18	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Francis Coppola 2011 Diamond Collection Pinot Noir (Monterey County)	Pinot Noir	Francis Coppola
US	"This light and fruity wine offers fresh peach flavors, with a burst of lemon candy. It's off dry and finishes with a sugary kick."		85	18	Oregon	Southern Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Harry & David 2014 Riesling (Southern Oregon)	Riesling	Harry & David
France	"For a Volnay, this is a very structured wine. It has huge richness laced with firm tannins and dark fruits. It is the firmness that dominates, suggesting some extra extraction, although the acidity does push right through to the finish."	En Caillerets Premier Cru	93	130	Burgundy	Volnay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Pousse d'Or 2009 En Caillerets Premier Cru  (Volnay)	Pinot Noir	Domaine de la Pousse d'Or
US	"This wine is plush, with aromas of blueberry, blackberry and cranberry. There are also hints of sage and red currant on the nose. The palate has more cranberry—but a bit sour—along with tart cherry and charred oak, all framed by astringent tannins and mouthwatering acidity. The finish is flavorful, but short."	Rooster	84	28	Virginia	Virginia		Carrie Dykes		Veramar NV Rooster Red (Virginia)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Veramar
US	"The reliable négociant winery scores once again on this bottling, which shows intriguing aromas of smoked plums, hoisin-marinated pork, cocoa powder, crushed pepper and ollallieberries. It's delicious once sipped, with pepper, boysenberries and a hickory wood character."	Lot 408	90	15	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cameron Hughes 2012 Lot 408 Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Cameron Hughes
US	"Generous aromas like ripe berries and vanilla get this full-bodied wine off to a good start.Next, the flavors chime in with harmonious blackberry, black cherry and baking-spice notes. The texture is suave and nicely tannic, and a tasty, spicy effect lasts on the finish. The wine is made with 46% Merlot, plus Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec."	Crown Block	91	45	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Darcie Kent Vineyards 2012 Crown Block Red (Livermore Valley)	Red Blend	Darcie Kent Vineyards
US	"Spicy, lemony acidity balances out a classic barrel imprint of oakiness and toast in this medium-bodied, concentrated wine. Silky-smooth on the palate, it rewards patience in the glass and will pair well with rich, creamy foods."	Damaris Reserve	91	35	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Landmark 2014 Damaris Reserve Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Landmark
US	"This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (33%), Merlot (33%), Petit Verdot (16%), Malbec (16%) and Cabernet Franc (2%) delivers high toned notes of cocoa, purple flower, green herb and plum, showing whiffs of volatility. The palate is velvety-smooth, with plentiful dark fruit and chocolate flavors backed by burly tannins. Give it time to stretch its legs."	La Reserve	89	55	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Corvus 2014 La Reserve Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Corvus
US	"From one of the more popular vineyards in the appellation, this bottling shows strawberry fruit, allspice, black pepper, candied cherry and cinnamon on the nose. A strong sizzle of acidity marks the sip, with intriguingly deep raspberry, tangy cranberry, white pepper and crushed-slate flavors. Though light in body, it is heavy in flavors."	La Encantada Vineyard	93	46	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Rideau 2014 La Encantada Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Rideau
US	"Stagecoach Cabs are always impressive for their power and depth, but this one seems like Stagecoach on steroids. It's insanely rich and extracted with blackberry and cherry jam flavors, along with plenty of sweet oak. It's so rich, it could use 7–8 years to calm down."	Stagecoach Vineyard	88	90	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Patland 2010 Stagecoach Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Patland
US	"Ripe hay, vanilla, and apricot mark the nose; deep orange flavors with cinnamon spice notes and a very smooth mouthfeel are the already promising attributes of this infant. All the right elements are there, and in good balance. Best cellared for three to five years."		93	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Dolce 1998 White (Napa Valley)	White Blend	Dolce
US	"A full-bodied, fleshy expression of the variety, this wine opens in aromas of toasted marshmallow and caramel, the oak impressive and memorable. From there it offers a wealth of baked apple and pear, finding its footing along a lush, richly defined path."	Emblem	90	35	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Michael Mondavi Family Estate 2015 Emblem Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Michael Mondavi Family Estate
US	"Sharp in acidity and thin in fruit, this simple Cabernet has dry flavors of sour candy, blackberry, currant and herb."	Vintner's Cuvée	82	13	California	California	California Other			Rosenblum 2011 Vintner's Cuvée Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rosenblum
France	"With a blackberry flavor and a juicy character, this is a wine that has a bright, fresh feel and soft tannins."		84	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Chaubinet 2011  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Chaubinet
US	"The oak is at the fore, with notes of roasted coffee beans, char and sawdust. The tannins are quite grippy with vanilla flavors taking over."	Black Peak StoneTree Vineyard	87	38	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Elevation Cellars 2011 Black Peak StoneTree Vineyard Tempranillo (Wahluke Slope)	Tempranillo	Elevation Cellars
Argentina	"Opaque and thick, with all types of black fruit aromas blending with smoked meat scents and toasty darkness. The body is fleshy and extracted, with raw tannins and a clacky feel. Tastes woody and baked, with blackberry, licorice and sweet plum flavors. Turns herbal and minty on the finish."	Catena Alta	88	52	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Catena Zapata 2008 Catena Alta Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bodega Catena Zapata
New Zealand	"Although this wine doesn't fit the Marlborough stereotype, it is pretty, delicate and complex. Hints of decaying leaves add an intriguing layer of interest to the peppery strawberry-rhubarb fruit. The tannins are supple enough to suggest drinking this wine over the next few years."		88	20	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Eradus 2010 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Eradus
US	Apple and melon aromas are followed by medium-weight flavors. The concentration seems a bit watery in the midpalate but the variety is unmistakable and the balance is there.		86	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Snoqualmie 2014 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Snoqualmie
US	"This bottling always strives to avoid a heavy hand and express more of a terroir-driven Chardonnay. This is bone dry, tart in mouthwatering acidity and complex in citrus, tropical fruit and herb flavors. It's not an opulent attention getter, but instead prefers to seduce through subtlety and nuance."	Reserve	92	40	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Robert Mondavi 2010 Reserve Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Robert Mondavi
Spain	"From a mediocre vintage, it seems as though the winery poured on the fully toasted oak to cover up marginal fruit. This smells like burnt meat and rubber, tastes charred and baked, and finishes blackened and overly toasty, with a choppy feel and hard tannins."	Altos Lanzaga Gran Viñedo	84	130	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Telmo Rodríguez 2008 Altos Lanzaga Gran Viñedo  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Telmo Rodríguez
US	"Plummy and tight, this wine comes from the Green Valley section of the Russian River Valley. Youthful, it hints at fierce acidity around delicately woven specks of mint, pine forest, rhubarb and clove. In the background, the region's classic cola cherry characteristic shows as well. Drink now through 2021."	Foray	91	44	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bailiwick 2013 Foray Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bailiwick
US	"Everything about this wine is big and heavy—including the name, the psychedelic label and the massive bottle with wax capsule—but in spite of all that mass, it tastes great. The color is deep and dark, aromas are full of oaky spices of nutmeg and vanilla, and rich fruit flavors are layered with texture."	Genception of Giants	90	175	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Galatea Effect 2011 Genception of Giants Syrah (California)	Syrah	Galatea Effect
US	"Old-vine fruit delivers an elegant Pinot that combines low alcohol with graceful details of pretty spices and red fruits. Young, tangy cherry flavors are precisely defined, with a delicate tension. This might very well improve dramatically with a decade or more of cellaring. Drink 2020–2030."	Maresh Vineyard	90	48	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Winderlea 2013 Maresh Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Winderlea
US	"Made in a light, pleasant style, and the drily tannic balance makes it food-friendly. Shows cherry, red currant, cola and oak flavors, with an earthy edge of herbs."		87	28	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Schug 2008 Merlot (Sonoma Valley)	Merlot	Schug
US	"This is a relatively affordable yet tip-top representation of white wine from this region. White peach, honeycomb, seared tangerine and melted butter show on the nose. The palate continues the ripeness, offering yellow melon, lemon curd, smoke, baked oranges, poached pear and a touch of walnut oil on the finish."		90	28	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pessagno 2014 Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Pessagno
Italy	"Fragrant and elegantly structured, this beautiful wine opens with scents of perfumed berry, rose petal and dark berry. The full-bodied palate delivers layers of ripe black cherry, crushed raspberry, white pepper and baking spice alongside a backbone of firm, refined tannins and fresh acidity. It's still young so give it time to reach its full potential. Drink 2019–2026."	Bric dël Fiasc	95	100	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Paolo Scavino 2011 Bric dël Fiasc  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Paolo Scavino
US	"The price is affordable, but this isn't a very satisfying wine. Despite fruity flavors, it's rough and bubble-gummy."		82	11	California	California	California Other			Bogle 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bogle
US	"This wine has attractive butter, ripe apple and pear aromas, and is nice and fruity in style. An almost-sweet sensation rounds out the texture, and tasty accents of baking spices and vanilla keep coming with each sip."		87	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	California Republic 2014 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	California Republic
US	"Candied fruit and oak combine on the palate for a smooth ride in this medium-weight wine, priced attractively given the quality. A bittersweet hint of tobacco greets the finish."	Ruth's Reach	86	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Yardstick 2012 Ruth's Reach Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Yardstick
US	"This has a lovely entry that explodes with scents of toasted almond and espresso. The black cherry and sour plum flavors command your attention, with texture and balance throughout. Drink soon."		91	45	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Boudreaux Cellars 2007 Merlot (Washington)	Merlot	Boudreaux Cellars
US	"This simple Merlot has candied flavors of cherries and red licorice, sprinkled with savory spices. The tannins are soft, and an herbal note leads to a fruity finish. Drink up."	Estate	85	20	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Alexander Valley Vineyards 2011 Estate Merlot (Alexander Valley)	Merlot	Alexander Valley Vineyards
US	"Heavy oak and lees were applied to this wine's rich, ripe flavors of tropical fruit, Meyer lemon, orange and lime. It's delicious, but it lacks nuance and complexity."		86	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Frank Family 2011 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Frank Family
US	"Big, fruity wine, with layers of fruit, earth, toast and oak. Spicy cranberry/raspberry fruit leads into toasty, dry tannins. There is a lovely density, buttressed with new oak, but anchored with ripe, firm fruit. Lovely winemaking."	Alegria	91	26	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rosenblum 1998 Alegria Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Rosenblum
Italy	"Ripe berry, sunbaked earth, cured meat and grilled herb are some of the aromas that meld together in the glass. The juicy, delicious palate offers layers of juicy Morelllo cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon, licorice and tobacco. Hearty, velvety tannins provide the framework and lend a smooth texture. Drink 2018–2030."	Riserva	95	85	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mocali 2010 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Mocali
US	"Candied cherries, black plums, dried sage scrub and turned earth show on the nose of this bottling, which offers more rustic flair than other Zins. Once sipped, waves of crushed oregano, marjoram and dill take over, followed by red plum and touches of baked raspberry and boysenberry fruit."	Sias Cuvee	88	29	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joullian 2013 Sias Cuvee Zinfandel (Carmel Valley)	Zinfandel	Joullian
Italy	"Here's a luminous blend of Pinot Grigio, Chardonnay and Garganega with mature aromas of pine nut, mature fruit, apricot and yellow rose. The wine is very creamy and smooth in the mouth and has the natural consistency to stand up to fish or pasta. The finish is crisp and slightly sweet."	Giulietta	85	10	Northeastern Italy	Delle Venezie				Tommasi 2008 Giulietta White (Delle Venezie)	White Blend	Tommasi
France	"Almost black in color, this stunning wine is gorgeous, rich and dense. It's grand and powerful, with a strong sense of its own importance. The beautiful tannins and the fragrant black currant fruits are palpable. It's a great wine, with huge potential."		100	1500	Bordeaux	Pauillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lafite Rothschild 2010  Pauillac	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lafite Rothschild
France	"This stony, mineral wine is still way behind in its development. It is crisp and tight in texture, with refreshing acidity that lifts the white fruits with lime highlights. It's a full wine that will develop well. Drink from 2019."	Cailleret Premier Cru	93	105	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2014 Cailleret Premier Cru  (Chassagne-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Louis Latour
US	"Dry and tannic, this fresh young Cabernet shows good varietal flavors of blackberries and currants, touched by smoky oak. There are some green notes. It's a sound wine, but unlikely to develop, so drink up."		86	26	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Justin 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Justin
France	"The proximity of the vineyard to the sea gives this wine an almost salty, certainly tangy character. It also brings out acidity and a cool fruitiness. The wine is ripe, poised and balanced with a crisp edge of final acidity. Drink now."	Cuvée de Clara	88	18	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Carrubier 2016 Cuvée de Clara Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château du Carrubier
US	"Intensely aromatic, this is Oregon Pinot at its most lush. Seductive scents lead into lengthy, balanced flavors of cherry and red plum, highlighted with green tea and tobacco notes. Tannins are smooth and proportionate, and the overall structure suggests aging this wine through 2025–2030."	Shea Vineyard	93	65	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Penner-Ash 2012 Shea Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Penner-Ash
US	"This is a broad, leafy, late harvest Zinfandel, augmented with a splash of brandy. Mellow cherry tobacco flavors saturate the palate, smooth and lingering, with a lick of vanilla and butterscotch as they weave through the finish."	Port	91	16	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Thurston Wolfe 2010 Port Zinfandel (Columbia Valley (WA))	Zinfandel	Thurston Wolfe
Argentina	"This Cabernet-led blend has leafy, stalky, dried-out aromas of rubbery berry and compost. It feels raw and rubbery; leafy red-berry flavors are roasted and stalky. It finishes with a mixture of burnt and green flavors."	De Sangre	83	28	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luigi Bosca 2010 De Sangre Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Luigi Bosca
US	"Simultaneously light yet earthy, this shows cherry pie, concentrated pomegranate, whole nutmeg, buttery crust and intriguing brown spices on the nose. There is a bit less action on the palate, but still plenty of tart cherries, tobacco and brown spice elements."	Sebastiano Vineyard	89	45	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Pace 2013 Sebastiano Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Pace
Chile	"Crisp aromas of citrus are feline and snappy. This smells more like Sauvignon Blanc than Chardonnay, and the palate is racy and citric as well. Lime, nettle and tangerine flavors finish green, tart and long, with acidic push."	Los Vascos	84	14	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite) 2015 Los Vascos Chardonnay (Colchagua Valley)	Chardonnay	Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite)
US	"Soft in classic layers of cinnamon and clove, this wine is almost entirely Cabernet Sauvignon, with a wealth of black plum and blackberry constituting its inner soul. The finish lingers in black pepper and more of that opening spice."	The Starbeam	88	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Starfield 2012 The Starbeam Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Starfield
Italy	"Dried cherry, dark berry, tobacco and grilled herb sensations all come together in this fresh, straightforward red. Smooth but rather fleeting tannins support the bright, juicy flavors. Drink through 2016."	Meleto	87	22	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Meleto 2012 Meleto  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Castello di Meleto
US	"Hints of charred wood and fresh-cracked black pepper meet tasty baked-fruit flavors in this full-bodied, rather rugged wine made from Grenache, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon. It has a good, firm and moderately tannic texture."	Turnabout's Fair Play	90	39	California	Fair Play	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cedarville Vineyard 2012 Turnabout's Fair Play Red (Fair Play)	Red Blend	Cedarville Vineyard
US	"This Cabernet is a guaranteed cellar candidate. It's enormously rich and extracted, with flavors of blackberries, currants, plums and mocha, but finishes firm, dry and tannic. Give it at least four more years in a cellar."	Mt. George Vineyard	91	56	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Silverado 2010 Mt. George Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Silverado
US	"A clean, brisk Chardonnay made from this small, cool part of Monterey County's Salinas Valley. Shows its region's bright acidity, and also its long hangtime flavors of pineapples, peaches, green apples, limes and minerals. Nothing fancy or showy, just a really nice Chard at a fair price."	Gravelstone	88	13	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Jekel 2008 Gravelstone Chardonnay (Arroyo Seco)	Chardonnay	Jekel
US	"From a small vineyard in St. Helena comes this ripe young wine, a Cab Franc-based Bordeaux blend. It's soft and forward, with cherry, red currant, licorice, chocolate and cedar flavors that show Napa tannins at their smooth, ripe best. It's a little tight now, so give it a few years."	Rendezvous	91	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Trespass 2005 Rendezvous Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Trespass
Australia	"Featuring tobacco, cassis and lesser quantities of mint and cocoa, d'Arenberg's The High Trellis Cabernet is a full-bodied wine that offers plenty of flavor interest and depth at a reasonable price. It does show some slightly chewy, dusty tannins on the finish, but the fruit ultimately wins through, suggesting it will be at its best from 2010–2020."	The High Trellis	90	19	South Australia	McLaren Vale		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	D'Arenberg 2006 The High Trellis Cabernet Sauvignon (McLaren Vale)	Cabernet Sauvignon	D'Arenberg
US	"Your basic California Chardonnay, showing ripe tropical fruit, honey and oak flavors, brightened with acidity. Pretty simple, but not bad for the price."		84	15	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Courtney Benham 2010 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Courtney Benham
Italy	"This stunning Chianti Classico has an intense perfume of violet, rose and iris, accented with scents of truffle and forest berry. The wildly delicious palate presents a core of juicy cherry layered with sweet pipe tobacco, mint and spice, with a hint of well-integrated oak. It has great energy, with vibrant acidity and bracing but refined tannins. Drink 2016–2025."		96	27	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Isole e Olena 2010  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Isole e Olena
US	"Ripe and tropical in pineapple, papaya and guava, this is a medium-bodied style of the variety, lightly oaked, which shows tart lemon on the finish and a lingering accent of anise. It is a screaming deal for the price."	Signature Series	88	13	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kirkland Signature 2014 Signature Series Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Kirkland Signature
US	"While off-dry in style, there's a savory apple tone throughout, accented by hints of lime zest and herb. The palate boasts juicy pink grapefruit flavor, along with a hint of lanolin that lingers on the finish."	Select	85	13	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wagner 2011 Select Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Wagner
Italy	"Vibrant and lively, this fruit-driven Chianti Classico offers delicate shadings of almond paste, allspice, ground ginger and rose. Its concentration is just right, not too thick and not too thin, and it boasts a supple, velvety feel."		87	24	Tuscany	Chianti Classico				Villa Mangiacane 2005  Chianti Classico	Sangiovese	Villa Mangiacane
US	"This captivating wine treads the line between Rhône and Bordeaux. A splash of Cabernet, though just a fraction of the blend, stands out. The wine has depth and persistence, and the mix of grapes works well, showing brambly red fruits, like a Zin, spice and pepper, like Syrah, and some herbal and leafy tobacco in the finish. Complex, unique and quite appealing."	Vixen Red Wine	91	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sinclair Estate Vineyards 2007 Vixen Red Wine Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Sinclair Estate Vineyards
US	"The nose is slow to emerge on this proprietary blend, with some berries, toasted cedar and hibiscus extract eventually arising. The palate blends smoked meats with blackberry juice, blueberries and a pine-like woodiness."	Clone 3 Cuvée	86	40	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Still Waters 2010 Clone 3 Cuvée Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Still Waters
US	"There's plenty of earthiness to this wine. Tart cherry and cranberry lead the way on the palate, amidst dense, rich tannins and plenty of oak. The acidity is most prominent on the midpalate."	Sundawg Ridge Vineyard	88	49	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	MacPhail 2012 Sundawg Ridge Vineyard Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	MacPhail
US	"Rich and succulent, this mountain-grown Cabernet offers concentrated black currant, cherry, red licorice, date-nut cake, vanilla and smoke flavors that are wrapped into firm, complex but gentle tannins. It's lovely now, with the focused balanced to age for several years."		89	42	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Stonestreet 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stonestreet
Argentina	"Mellow earthy aromas of mossy black fruits, vanilla and licorice feed into a smooth palate with moderate depth and layering. Blackened flavors of coffee and dark chocolate accent black-fruit and mushroom notes, while this finishes with prune, pepper and toasty flavors along with a glassy feel. Drink through 2019."	Remolinos Vineyard Agrelo	90	21	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Decero 2013 Remolinos Vineyard Agrelo Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Finca Decero
US	"Robust tannin surrounds meaty, savory leather in this well-made red, blended with 11% Cabernet Sauvignon. Dried plum and tobacco accent pretty wisps of wild violet, making for a wine that's as perfumed as it is delicious."	Bell Mountain Vineyard	91	60	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Medlock Ames 2014 Bell Mountain Vineyard Malbec (Alexander Valley)	Malbec	Medlock Ames
Italy	"A blend of 89% Sangiovese, 11% Merlot and Alicante, this wine offers fruity, earthy aromas of wet soil, tobacco leaf and hints of truffle. The structured palate delivers plum and black cherry layered with notes of espresso, oak and chocolate. It's fresh with youthful tannins. Drink through 2020."		89	33	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fietri 2008  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Fietri
US	"This Zinfandel-based wine, which blends 13% Tempranillo and 6% Petite Sirah, shows strawberry, cherry, baking spice and cola aromas. There is decent tannic tension on the palate, and the flavors—sarsaparilla, cola, stewed plum and clove spice—are easily enjoyable."	Dead Nuts	88	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chronic Cellars 2015 Dead Nuts Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Chronic Cellars
Austria	"Amid the pear and apple fruit plays a more exotic note of something alluring and spicy, perhaps passion fruit. This intense fruitiness plays on, supported equally by bouncy citrus freshness and deep concentration."	Kirchensteig Reserve	94	46	Kremstal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Geyerhof 2013 Kirchensteig Reserve Riesling (Kremstal)	Riesling	Geyerhof
US	"Harsh in the mouth, with tart acids giving a bite to thin raspberry and tea flavors."		82	12	California	California	California Other			Chime 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chime
US	"Brooding aromas of earth, herb, dried leaf, black currant, blue fruit and barrel spice are followed by focused blue and black-fruit flavors. Lightly crunchy tannins back it all up."	Mays' Discovery Vineyard	91	52	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Andrew Will 2013 Mays' Discovery Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Andrew Will
France	"Showing the structure of the vintage, while missing some of the flesh. The wine has a dry, firm and tannic core that hides the red fruit flavors. The wine, still on the austere side, will be ready to drink in a year."		85	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Fonfroide 2010  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Fonfroide
Chile	"Peppery, herbal lead aromas settle on lactic, chocolaty oak and berry scents. This feels fresh, grabby and fairly well balanced. Flavors of blackberry, cassis and spice filter down to a solid feeling finish with flavors of cassis, herbs and spice."	Sibaris Reserva Especial	87	17	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2012 Sibaris Reserva Especial Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Undurraga
US	"A lightly pétillant ice wine. Harvested at almost 38 brix, it is not as dense and racy as the ice wines of British Columbia or eastern Canada, but it offers its own pleasures. Here are details of sweet straw, rice cracker, caramel and honey, nicely interwoven and persistent, and never turning cloying or sugary."	Chenin Blanc Ice Wine	90	45	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2006 Chenin Blanc Ice Wine White (Horse Heaven Hills)	White Blend	Chateau Ste. Michelle
Bulgaria	Aromas of lemon zest and freshly cut grass abound on the nose. Flavors of lemon curd and lemon pith bring nuance to the palate.	Veni Vidi Vici	88	9	Thracian Valley			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Vini 2013 Veni Vidi Vici Chardonnay (Thracian Valley)	Chardonnay	Vini
US	"This is a remarkable effort at the price, the wine sourced from Beckstoffer-owned sites in Carneros. Apple, peach and lemon highlight an integrated, vibrantly fresh experience on the palate, which lingers and impresses long after the finish."	Y3	93	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jax 2015 Y3 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Jax
US	"Thin in fruit and acidic, but with vigorous oak, this Chard will appeal to fans of buttered toast, popcorn and vanilla. Underneath that are pineapple and orange flavors."		84	18	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Merriam 2010 Chardonnay (Alexander Valley)	Chardonnay	Merriam
US	"This New World blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Sémillon, Chardonnay and Viognier is very fruity. It offers a blast of pineapples, honeysuckles, peaches and figs, with a coating of oaky, vanilla buttercream."	Alluvium Blanc	86	16	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma			Beringer 2007 Alluvium Blanc White (Knights Valley)	White Blend	Beringer
Germany	"So lusciously ripe, with notes of mango and guava, this is an explosion of sweet fruit, honey and flowers. Searing citrus acidity cuts through the palate, highlighting layers of crushed stone and tea leaf that add complexity. It's so exquisitely delicate, but lingers endlessly on the finish."	Graacher Himmelreich Auslese GoldKap	95	107	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Joh. Jos. Prüm 2011 Graacher Himmelreich Auslese GoldKap Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Joh. Jos. Prüm
France	"A smooth and soft wine this is fruity, fresh and forward in style. Red-cherry flavor and gentle acidity dominate on the palate. It's rounded and ready to drink now. Finshes with a hint of sweetness."	Rosé de Saignée Brut	87	37	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vollereaux NV Rosé de Saignée Brut Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Vollereaux
US	"Kudos to Derby for holding this Cabernet Franc-based blend back for so long before release. The years have mellowed it, giving it a soft, rounded quality. Drink now for the lush cherries and currants."	Implico	87	32	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Derby 2008 Implico Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Derby
US	"This is a new wine from Agustin Huneeus, of Quintessa. It's made largely from grapes off the Rutherford estate, and contains one-quarter Sémillon. Oak does not play a significant role, although the lees do. The wine itself is absolutely dry, crisp and minerally. It has palate-stimulating citrus flavors and is extraordinarily refined. Its only peer in Napa Valley is Mondavi's Tokalon Fumé Blanc."		93	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Illumination 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Illumination
US	"With a concentrated bouquet of black cherry and leathery earth, this straddles the richness of California fruit with an Old World layering of savory sumptuousness. Built with structure and subtle acidity, it is meant to be enjoyed at the table, a pork tenderloin or mushroom quiche among the pairing possibilities."	Reserve	90	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	En Garde 2010 Reserve Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	En Garde
Italy	"A new product from Rotari, this Riserva sparkling wine (from 90% Chardonnay and 10% Pinot Nero) demonstrates great intensity and round, toasty flavors of fresh baguette, baked apple, honey and fruit. The wine rests on the lees for 48 months for extra creaminess."	Talento Riserva	91	19	Northeastern Italy	Trento				Rotari 2003 Talento Riserva Sparkling (Trento)	Sparkling Blend	Rotari
US	"This wine is massively fruity and grandly structured without being heavy or overpowering, but it will need time for the firm tannins to mellow. It smells and tastes like pure, concentrated black cherry and feels full of fine-grained tannins and sour-cherry crispness. It will be best after 2020."	Alder Springs Vineyard	93	48	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Spell 2013 Alder Springs Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mendocino County)	Pinot Noir	Spell
Italy	"An easy red blend, this would pair well with hamburgers or grilled meats. Notes of cherry and blackberry accent the palate."		85	13	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Colosi 2010 Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Colosi
US	"A good, everyday sort of Zin, dry and fruity. It has a rich tannic structure, with spicy cherry, tangerine, currant, cola and cocoa flavors."		85	18	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills			Folie à Deux 2005 Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Folie à Deux
US	"Very delicious and luscious, but no mere fruit bomb. It has the tannic-acidic structure and dryness to make it refined, but explodes on the palate with blackberry, chocolate, cassis, anise and sweet, smoky cedar flavors that are deep and long. Tastes important and first rate."		94	110	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Tetra 2008 Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Tetra
US	"Soft and gentle in texture, this Cabernet is very rich and forward in blackberry and black-currant flavors, enriched with sweet oak. It's a flashy, opulent wine that's delicious for drinking now."		89	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Mount Veeder 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mount Veeder
US	"A consummate Russian River Pinot Noir in an accessible style. This is simply enchanting, like raspberry-infused silk dusted with brown butter, cinnamon and vanilla. Showing just beautifully now, this is soft and gentle, and it should glide through the next six years."		92	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Davis Family 2009 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Davis Family
US	"The treatment here is fermentation in stainless steel, and the wine shows ripe, tart, tangy fruit. Mostly melon and kiwi flavors, good weight on the palate, and little if any oak."		87	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Torii Mor 2000 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Torii Mor
US	"This block-designation wine from the tip of the appellation shows an extremely spicy nose of incense and concentrated hibiscus. It proves rather light on the palate, yet bounces with the flavors of rose petals and violets, emerging into black pepper, clove and cinnamon. It's lean yet bountiful with intrigue."	Arena Block	93	44	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wrights Station 2012 Arena Block Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Wrights Station
US	"Relatively low in alcohol (12.2% is the listing), this is thin on fruit but does offer soft flavors of yeasty bread dough, along with some stemmy tannins."	Clonal Selection	82	24	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Agate Ridge 2007 Clonal Selection Pinot Noir (Rogue Valley)	Pinot Noir	Agate Ridge
Portugal	"A smooth and fruity wine that has soft tannins and a rich, juicy character. It is full of damson and black plum fruits, ripe and jammy at the end. Drink now."		86	12	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Barão de Vilar 2012 Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Barão de Vilar
Chile	"Jammy berry aromas seem reduced at first, with notes of iodine and rubber. But with airing this packed Syrah comes around. A flush saturated tannic palate is home to toasty blackened berry, coffee and spice flavors. On the finish, burnt toast and espresso flavors don't slip. Drink through 2022."	Cuvée Alexandre Apalta Vineyard Made With Organic Grapes	91	24	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lapostolle 2013 Cuvée Alexandre Apalta Vineyard Made With Organic Grapes Syrah (Colchagua Valley)	Syrah	Lapostolle
US	"A fine value, the 2009 Walla Walla Valley Cabernet is sourced from Spofford Station and Lefore vineyards. Bright and spicy, it spent 28 months in almost-neutral French oak. Cranberry and currant fruit is forward and precise, with the balance to age another 6–8 years."		88	20	Oregon	Walla Walla Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lujon 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (OR))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lujon
US	"Baked boysenberries, purple flowers and baking spice show on the nose of this widely available bottling. The palate is quite minerally, with crushed lava rocks, followed by cooked elderberry, black-cherry pie and a touch of clove."	Seven Oaks	87	17	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	J. Lohr 2014 Seven Oaks Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	J. Lohr
France	"Still tannic, this is a minerally wine that's driven by red currant fruit. Its acidity is also an important element. It has the potential to round out and fill out over the next 2–3 years."	Le Charmois Premier Cru	86	30	Burgundy	Saint-Aubin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Michel Picard 2009 Le Charmois Premier Cru  (Saint-Aubin)	Pinot Noir	Michel Picard
US	"Intriguing in tobacco and a sense of the forest, especially pine, this soft, chewy, fuller wine finishes quickly in black pepper."	Pigoni Ranch	87	38	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Manzanita Creek 2010 Pigoni Ranch Syrah (Alexander Valley)	Syrah	Manzanita Creek
Italy	"This opens with aromas of red rose, wild berry, scorched earth, leather and a whiff of toast. On the palate, notes of coconut and grilled herb accent a core of raw red berry while tightly packed tannins offer support."	Paolin	88	35	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Luisin 2012 Paolin  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Luisin
US	"Rich, satisfying and full bodied, this wine is packed with delicious fruit and spice flavors while structured by good acidity and fine tannins that keep the texture lively. Layers of cherry, currant, cedar and cinnamon fill the flavor profile, and a long finish completes the package."	Estate	93	55	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Panthea 2012 Estate Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Panthea
US	"Only their second vintage of Finger Lakes Riesling, Long Island's Macari Vineyards makes quite a splash with this beautifully honeyed yet dry and fruitful wine. Richly textured with notes of yellow freesia and preserved peach, it finishes elegantly on a subtly astringent black tea note."		89	26	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Macari 2010 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Macari
US	"Very rich, ripe and oaky, but something of a fruit-oak bomb. Blasts the palate with pineapple jam, toasty meringue, caramel and buttered toast aromas and flavors. Lacks subtlety."		86	36	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Derbes 2006 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Derbes
US	"Half tank fermented, half barrel fermented, this full-bodied and spicy effort marries apple and banana fruit flavors to a dash of piney herb. It strikes a different chord than most Willamette Valley Chardonnays, but has the suppleness and body to match most poultry dishes."	Anna Maria	88	22	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Valley View 2014 Anna Maria Chardonnay (Applegate Valley)	Chardonnay	Valley View
US	"A Grenache-based Rhône blend, C'est Si Bon is good and very subtle. Like a Beaujolais, an earthy leather note emerges in between soft violet and raspberry tones. With a line of acidity, it's a fine wine for food."	C'est Si Bon Naggiar Vineyard	87	28	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Elyse 2008 C'est Si Bon Naggiar Vineyard Red (Sierra Foothills)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Elyse
US	"This brings a pleasing mix of apple, melon and peach fruit, with a good grip and moderate length. It's a fine all-purpose Oregon Chardonnay, widely available at a wallet-friendly price."		88	14	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Wine by Joe 2015 Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Wine by Joe
US	"This is a full-flavored Pinot Noir, brimming with cherry, cola, red licorice and earthier notes of sautéed wild mushrooms and spices. It's quite low in alcohol, which preserves the airy, silky texture you want in a nice Pinot. It's also a young wine. Give it six years in the cellar."	Rapley Trail Vineyard Estate Grown	90	65	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Thomas Fogarty 2011 Rapley Trail Vineyard Estate Grown Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Thomas Fogarty
Chile	"Raspberry, bubble gum and rhubarb aromas get this pink-tinted rosé off to a solid start. Juicy and smooth on the palate, this tastes of citrus fruits, pineapple and red plum. Bright acidity ensures that this is lasting and fresh on the finish."	Reserva Especial	87	13	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Calcu 2016 Reserva Especial Rosé (Colchagua Valley)	Rosé	Calcu
US	"Hints of spice and smoke add intrigue to sunny peach and pear aromas on this semi-sweet Riesling. The palate is invitingly fruity and floral, with lush stonefruit flavors accented with vibrant acidity and a flurry of dried herbs on the finish. It's a creamy, textured wine that's accessible yet multidimensional as well."	Semi Sweet	89	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Keuka Spring 2011 Semi Sweet Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Keuka Spring
Italy	"This rosé from Campania in southern Italy offers beautifully toned aromas of berry fruit, raspberry, cranberry and blueberry. The wine exhibits a dark pink color and an easy, light approach in the mouth. Pair it with salads or light pasta lunches. A Marc de Grazia selection; various American importers."	Rosato	86	20	Southern Italy	Lacryma Christi del Vesuvio				De Angelis 2007 Rosato Rosé (Lacryma Christi del Vesuvio)	Rosé	De Angelis
Italy	"Bramaluce is a blend of Sangiovese and Syrah that opens with bold aromas of ripe fruit, blackberry jam and prune. The smoky finish adds a sophisticated twist. Some of the grapes used in the blend are air-dried on bamboo mats for added intensity."	Bramaluce	89	23	Tuscany	Maremma Toscana				Terenzi 2011 Bramaluce  (Maremma Toscana)	Red Blend	Terenzi
US	"This structured, bright 100% Zinfandel features heaps of high-toned red berry and baking cinnamon. Medium in weight, it's a food-friendly wine that offers the variety's classic juiciness without its sometimes overbearing hits of smoky oak."		88	29	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Pangloss Cellars 2012 Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Pangloss Cellars
Portugal	"Huge and rich, this offers ripe black fruits and a concentrated structure. It's packed with a seemingly sweet blackberry flavor that serves as a counterpoint to the firm texture. With both density and a dark edge, this will age over several years."	Quinta da Fronteira Selecção do Enólogo	92	20	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Companhia das Quintas 2009 Quinta da Fronteira Selecção do Enólogo Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Companhia das Quintas
US	"This is a big, gutsy Pinot Noir, the kind purists object to as being Rhône-like. But that's what MacRostie's vineyard gives them, and the wine is brilliant in its power and California deliciousness. With thick tannins but a silky texture, it offers waves of raspberries, cherries, currants, pomegranates, baker's chocolate and cola. Should develop well over the next six years."	Wildcat Mountain Vineyard	93	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			MacRostie 2005 Wildcat Mountain Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	MacRostie
France	"Clean notes of apple, melon and lime peel unfold of the nose and carry through to the lightweight mouth. There's ample acidity to keep the palate fresh, with a short finish."	Le Clandestin	84	16	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Sainte Marie des Crozes 2016 Le Clandestin Sauvignon Blanc (Pays d'Oc)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sainte Marie des Crozes
Italy	"Underbrush, cured meat, grilled herb, menthol and dark-skinned fruit aromas unfold in the glass. The chewy palate offers dried black berry, black cherry, licorice, coffee and toasted nut alongside tightly packed tannins. Drink 2019–2022."		91	50	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castelli Martinozzi 2011  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Castelli Martinozzi
France	"The wine is soft and rounded. With creamed apple and pear flavors over touches of wood, it is a toasty wine in a generous style that has made Meursault popular for many years. Fruity and ripe, the wine will be ready to drink from 2018."	Vieilles Vignes	90	63	Burgundy	Meursault		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roche de Bellene 2014 Vieilles Vignes  (Meursault)	Chardonnay	Roche de Bellene
Spain	"Cherry and plum aromas are light, generic and clean. This feels mostly right, with moderate acidity creating a solid mouthfeel. Plum, citrus and herbal flavors finish round and balanced."	Conde de Alicante Selección	86	9	Levante	Alicante		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bocopa 2015 Conde de Alicante Selección Rosé (Alicante)	Rosé	Bocopa
US	"Pricey for a blush wine, but this is an excellent one, among the best rosés of the year. It's fairly dark in color and full-bodied, but very rich in strawberry and spice flavors, and the finish is smooth and dry."	Chiara Rosé of Zinfandel	90	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Chiarello Family Vineyards 2012 Chiara Rosé of Zinfandel Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Chiarello Family Vineyards
France	The Faulkner family makes a ripe broad style of rosé. This has enough crisp fruit to balance the rich red berry flavors. It has a touch of pepper as well as a fine tang of acidity at the end. Drink now.	GC L'Esprit de Provence	86	16	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Grand Cros 2016 GC L'Esprit de Provence Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine du Grand Cros
US	"Grapes for this wine are sourced from a wide selection of sites, from Poe Vineyard in Carneros to Bald Mountain Vineyard on Mount Veeder. Together they sing harmoniously, offering a lightness of color and plenty of perfume around a rich body marked in toffee and supportive oak."		93	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Chappellet 2014 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Chappellet
US	"Rich and aromatic, this black label reserve displays excellent power and concentration. A dense core of cassis, licorice and espresso is brightened with vivid acidity, slowing fading through a long, smoky finish. Wait until 2016 for optimum enjoyment."	Estate Vineyard	92	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Va Piano 2011 Estate Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Va Piano
Spain	"Grassy, slightly stalky apple and nectarine aromas feed into a fresh, citrusy palate that brings a mix of white stone-fruit flavors as well as green citrus. A solid, lasting finish is dry and fresh."	Brut	86	10	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Segura Viudas NV Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Segura Viudas
US	"Appealing aromas of cocoa, vanilla, spice and red fruit are followed by plump ripe fruit and barrel flavors. Chocolate flavors linger on the finish. The oak plays prominently."		88	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Chateau Ste. Michelle
US	Decadent aromas of warmed chocolate and hazelnut coffee lead onto the pliant palate. Chalky tannins keep the vanilla-tinged finish grounded.		85	20	Colorado	Grand Valley				Canyon Wind 2009 Merlot (Grand Valley)	Merlot	Canyon Wind
US	"The price reflects the fame of the vineyard, not the quality of the wine. It's too big and extracted in cherry and raspberry jam flavors, and 70% new French oak just makes it taste sweeter and heavier. Earns extra credit for ripe power, and can be described as quintessentially Pisoni."	Pisoni Vineyard	89	85	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Patz & Hall 2009 Pisoni Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Patz & Hall
France	"Rounded, rich and perfectly ripe pears are countered by spiced, candied lime peel. The two elements oppose each other equally and hold a poised, subtle balance, echoing long into the spicy finish."		89	19	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Charles Baur 2013 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Charles Baur
Germany	"One of the few examples of wine made from roter, or red, Riesling, this slightly salmon-hued bottling showcases the variety's characteristically berried perfume. It's taut with acidity yet satisfyingly full in body, offering generous layers of sour-plum, berry and red-apple flavors. The finish is tinged by a lingering hint of caramel."	Roter	90	46	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Baron Knyphausen 2015 Roter Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Baron Knyphausen
New Zealand	"One of NZ's first Sauvignon producers has turned out a commendable wine in 2009, offering classic grassy-herbal aromas and expressive pineapple and herb flavors. It's crisply focused and tight, just falling off a little on the finish. Drink now."		87	12	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Matua Valley 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Matua Valley
Italy	"Earthy aromas of underbrush, used leather, violet and game lead the nose while the straightforward palate offers juicy red cherry, clove and a saline note. Supple tannins and fresh acidity give it an approachable framework. Drink 2018–2024."		88	50	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mocali 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Mocali
France	"This wine is opulent and rich without losing sight of the freshness of the vintage. Layers of new wood (100%) are blended with rich and perfumed fruits. At the same time, the acidity goes right through the wine, indicating an impressive future. It comes from a tiny patch of vines that gave two barrels. Drink from 2022."		95	685	Burgundy	Chevalier-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jacques Prieur 2014  Chevalier-Montrachet	Chardonnay	Domaine Jacques Prieur
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon (42%) takes the lead with the rest equal parts Merlot and Cabernet Franc. Aromas of dried herbs, flowers, graphite and dark fruit lead to supple, layered dark fruit flavors back by the grip of dry tannins. Drink now."	Ciel du Cheval Reserve	91	50	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tamarack Cellars 2011 Ciel du Cheval Reserve Red (Red Mountain)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Tamarack Cellars
New Zealand	"Still youthful, showing hints of toast and vanilla on the nose, this full-bodied yet elegant offering features flavors of tart cherries balanced by brown sugar. Give this velvety-textured Pinot Noir another year or two to settle down and integrate, then drink it over the next 4–6 years."	Prima Donna	91	75	Waipara Valley			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Pegasus Bay 2006 Prima Donna Pinot Noir (Waipara Valley)	Pinot Noir	Pegasus Bay
US	"Leathery at its core, this small-production wine is subdued and relatively restrained, showing bold, juicy layers of strawberry and cranberry. It offers enviable structure and ability to age. It will drink best 2023–2028."	Kidd Ranch	92	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sequum 2013 Kidd Ranch Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Sequum
US	"This blend of Merlot, Petite Sirah, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon is dry and tannic. Complex flavors of cherry and blackberry jam, sandalwood, bacon and black pepper are interesting but one-dimensional. But it's also a little hot in alcohol, with a glycerine-sweet finish."	Twisted Spur	86	35	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Niner 2010 Twisted Spur Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Niner
Spain	"Waxy white fruit aromas of peach and apple are a touch baked, with vanilla peeking through. The palate is smooth and offers good mouthfeel, while the flavors of lemon, apple and hay are good and finish buttery and creamy. Made by Finca Allende; 70% Viura and 30% Malvasia."	Fermentado en Barrica Blanco	88	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Nueva 2009 Fermentado en Barrica Blanco White (Rioja)	White Blend	Finca Nueva
US	"This is an earthy, minty, tart and taut wine, worthy of its appellation. It offers light-bodied notions of black tea, cranberry and rhubarb."		86	28	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Carneros Ranch 2013 Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Carneros Ranch
US	"With raspberry, cola and pomegranate flavors, this Pinot is satisfying and even somewhat complex. It's soft and gentle in the mouth, and ready to drink now."	Nichole's Blend	87	39	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Spell 2012 Nichole's Blend Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Spell
US	"Need a recommendation for a good house wine? This medium-bodied red has moderate fruit flavors, good structure from acidity and tannins, and a nice feeling of completeness. It is a catch-all blend of Zinfandel, Pinot Noir and four other grape varieties."	Navarrouge	86	16	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Navarro 2013 Navarrouge Red (Mendocino)	Red Blend	Navarro
US	"Young and tight, this new release from a founding Oregon viticulture family already shows good balance in a smooth, buttery, somewhat oaky style. The fruit flavors coat the tongue and roll into the seductive barrel notes. Let this bottle age until early 2016 and it will really shine."		90	45	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Knudsen 2013 Chardonnay (Dundee Hills)	Chardonnay	Knudsen
US	"It's rare to get a twenty buck Pinot Noir this good. The wine is dry, silky and elegant, almost faultless in its precision. With savory cherry, red licorice, cola and sandalwood flavors, it's not an ager, but a very pretty wine for drinking now."	Olema	90	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Amici 2012 Olema Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Amici
US	"From a vineyard block full of little stones, this bottling shows cherry cola, sagebrush, rose petals, nutmeg, cinnamon and vanilla on the nose. The texture is extremely smooth on the sip, where flavors of cherry, cranberry and chalk are compelling, if a bit less complex than the winery's other top-end bottlings."	Les Galets	91	60	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Laetitia 2015 Les Galets Pinot Noir (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Pinot Noir	Laetitia
France	"Rich wine, full of yellow fruits, apricots and peaches that give ripeness. It has weight, a solidity that is balanced by the totally refreshing acidity. Hints of the wood aging give spice as well as adding to the rich effect. Age for 2–3 years."	Les Chaniots Premier Cru	90	25	Burgundy	Montagny		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons de Buxy 2010 Les Chaniots Premier Cru  (Montagny)	Chardonnay	Vignerons de Buxy
Italy	"La Segreta (an easy Grecanico-based wine with some Chardonnay, Viognier and Fiano) is an immensely popular restaurant wine in Italy and for good reason: It's fresh and balanced with a no-fuss approach and an attractive price tag. You'll get drying mineral tones backed by tangy peach and pear."	La Segreta	87	16	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Planeta 2007 La Segreta White (Sicilia)	White Blend	Planeta
US	"This Bordeaux-style red starts promisingly, with a big nose of smoky meat, tobacco and pepper, but on the palate, there's a slightly rubbery edge and the fruit needs more complexity. Tannins are good. In the right direction but not quite hitting the mark."	Francesca Rossa	82	13	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Bellangelo 2005 Francesca Rossa Red (Finger Lakes)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Bellangelo
Italy	MorAle is an impressive value wine that delivers the freshness and clean straightforwardness you can expect of Sangiovese backed by the warmth and texture you get in sunny Romagna in central Italy.	MorAle	85	10	Central Italy	Sangiovese di Romagna				Poderi Morini 2008 MorAle  (Sangiovese di Romagna)	Sangiovese	Poderi Morini
US	"This is a mineral-driven wine from a well-farmed vineyard, drawn from specific blocks to highlight freshness and acidity. Smooth, integrated oak cradles the notes of fig and pear that veer into decadence before finding a supple balance and lengthy finish."	Sangiacomo Vineyard	92	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sojourn 2014 Sangiacomo Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Sojourn
Chile	"With mint gumdrop, graphite and black fruit on the bouquet, the invitation is open. Feels generous but a little sticky and grabby, with black fruit flavors, char, toast and licorice on the palate. Finishes toasty and dark, with lasting grabbiness. Drink now through 2014."	Gran Toqui	89	20	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casas del Toqui 2009 Gran Toqui Syrah (Cachapoal Valley)	Syrah	Casas del Toqui
Argentina	"Straightforward aromas of black currant and dark plum help create a rich style of Cabernet Sauvignon. It has a syrupy palate that's made firmer by driving tannins. It features a lot of chocolate, baked black-plum and mild herbal flavors. It's ultraconcentrated, and more driving than discerning."	Colección	87	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Perdriel 2009 Colección Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Finca Perdriel
France	"The wine shows the power typical of a Lafite but within the context of the fruity 2011 vintage. The immensely dense tannic structure gives the wine a solid feel that is lifted by so much ripe black currant and berry fruits. At the back, the wine has a more brooding, dark character that suggests great aging potential. Drink this wine from 2019."		96	685	Bordeaux	Pauillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lafite Rothschild 2011  Pauillac	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lafite Rothschild
US	"Light gold in color, this wine is focused and bright. A jasmine aroma and succulent green-apple flavor pairs with steely minerality, offering power and grace in one satisfying package."	Sullivan Vineyard Dutton Ranch	93	51	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	The Calling 2014 Sullivan Vineyard Dutton Ranch Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	The Calling
France	"This is a firm wine with ripe Merlot fruits that are still sheathed in tannins. Densely textured, it is rich with berries and a stalky character that needs to soften. Wait for this solid, concentrated and ageworthy wine until 2017."		90	65	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de l'Annonciation 2011  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de l'Annonciation
Italy	"You'll find earthy aromas of leather, truffle, violet, ripe black cherry and a funky whiff of game on this. The approachable palate offers fleshy dark cherry, cranberry, clove and a hint of licorice alongside firm but not very persistent tannins."	Cascina Crosa	89	40	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pasquale Pelissero 2013 Cascina Crosa  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Pasquale Pelissero
US	"A very nice Syrah, with lots of ripe fruit but also a good structure. It's rich in blackberry, cherry and cola flavors, with an earthiness suggesting mushrooms sautéed in brown butter and sprinkled with black pepper and Chinese 5 spice. Firm tannins ground it."		91	45	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Nova Vita 2009 Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Nova Vita
US	"Coming from the cool 2010 vintage, this 100% varietal wine doesn't quite seem to have fully ripened but still offers plenty of enjoyment with its savory notes of leafy herbs, olive and cherry. It's elegant in its styling with a fresh feel and a cinnamon-speckled finish."		87	40	Oregon	Applegate Valley	Southern Oregon	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Schmidt 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Applegate Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Schmidt
Italy	"Made with organically farmed fruit, this richly structured wine opens with aromas that recall spiced plum, underbrush, tobacco and a hint of espresso. The savory palate doles out ripe black cherry, nectarine zest, baking spice and mineral, while velvety tannins provide support."	Riserva	91	45	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Conventino 2010 Riserva  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Il Conventino
Portugal	"Aged in steel, this is a bright, fruit-driven wine that has red fruits and soft tannins. It has a crisp touch of acidity at the end. Ready to drink now."	Cerejeiras Tinto	85	7	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Sanguinhal 2015 Cerejeiras Tinto Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Sanguinhal
US	"Classic Napa Valley Cabernet, this is dry, tannic and ripe, with delicious blackberry and cassis liqueur flavors that finish with style and elegance. Scores high in the deliciousness factor, although it's a bit lacking in substance to age. Drink up over the next year or two."		90	42	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Pure Cru 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pure Cru
Italy	"This very interesting expression of Sangiovese is light in color but bursting with small berry and floral fragrances. The wine does a lovely job of showing the elegant, feminine side of this Tuscan grape variety."	Palazzo Altesi	90	40	Tuscany	Toscana				Altesino 2007 Palazzo Altesi Sangiovese (Toscana)	Sangiovese	Altesino
Austria	"This is a perfumed wine, with intense flavors of spring blossom, grapefruit and white peach. It has a tight line of acidity that cuts through to the finish. Screwcap."	Terrassen	89	17	Traisental			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Markus Huber 2011 Terrassen Riesling (Traisental)	Riesling	Markus Huber
Greece	"This Merlot from one of Greece's most exciting producers offers aromas of plum, black cherry and vanilla on the nose, followed by smooth, integrated flavors of black fruit, cinnamon, pepper and a spin of mint on the finish. Layered and elegant, with good acidity for food pairing."	Alpha One Unfiltered	92	59	Florina			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Alpha Estate 2008 Alpha One Unfiltered Merlot (Florina)	Merlot	Alpha Estate
Italy	"Underbrush, leather, black pepper, clove and leather lead the nose on this brawny wine. The spicy palate offers allspice, anisette, concentrated black cherry and juicy raspberry alongside strapping tannins. It's one-dimensional but savory. Enjoy through 2015."	Tirso	88	27	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Le Prata 2012 Tirso  (Rosso di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Villa Le Prata
France	"Under the watchful eye of consultant Eric Delacroix, the Bazin twins (Thierry and Odile) created a wine that is dark and dense. This is a young wine with good potential. Its black fruits and solid tannins are rich and structured. Acidity and ripeness go together and will let the wine develop well. Drink from 2019."		90	20	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Roche Bazin 2014  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Roche Bazin
Italy	"This has dill, minestrone soup, toast and chopped celery aromas. The lean, assertive palate shows oak, raw red fruit and a green note of powdered sage. Grainy tannins leave an astringent finish."	Starderi	86	130	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Spinetta 2014 Starderi  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	La Spinetta
US	"Both elegant and refreshing, this citrus and floral-infused wine follows the Navarro house style for whites, which includes great balance, rounded mouthfeel and honey and floral accents. It's medium bodied, vibrant with acidity and wonderfully complex."	Cuvée 128	91	16	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Navarro 2014 Cuvée 128 Sauvignon Blanc (Anderson Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Navarro
US	"Oak dominates this wine, with vanilla, chocolate, buttered toast and caramel aromas and flavors. Under all that you'll find some good, ripe black cherry fruit. With soft tannins, it's ready to drink now."	Summers Ranch Reserve	87	30	California	Knights Valley	Sonoma			Summers 2008 Summers Ranch Reserve Merlot (Knights Valley)	Merlot	Summers
Italy	"This fascinating blend of Greco, Fiano and Falanghina (the great white grapes of Campania) is aged 8 months in oak to produce a thick, creamy wine, with spicy intensity and a candied fruit note. Notes of honey, butterscotch and apricot all play supporting roles."	Faius	90	20	Southern Italy	Irpinia				I Capitani 2010 Faius White (Irpinia)	White Blend	I Capitani
Australia	"What a big difference a year can make on the Mornington Peninsula, which juts daringly out into the Southern Ocean near Melbourne. This is lightweight and tart, revealing hints of decaying leaves, fruit reminiscent of pie cherries and virtually no tannin."	Robinson Vineyard	83	55	Victoria	Mornington Peninsula		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Moorooduc 2011 Robinson Vineyard Pinot Noir (Mornington Peninsula)	Pinot Noir	Moorooduc
US	"Intense aromas of day lilies, honey and spiced canned peaches abound in this not quite “dry” Riesling. The mouth feels a bit confected with so much sunny orange marmalade and lemondrop flavors, but the finish ends drier with a hint of bitter orange pith."	Dry	85	24	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Waters Crest 2009 Dry Riesling (New York)	Riesling	Waters Crest
US	"Ripe and fruity, this forward, candied wine is for those who love ultraripe Zinfandel berry flavors, set in rich baking spices. It's full, forward and powerful, but carries a whiff of burnt rubber and some serious heat in the finish."	Old Vine	87	39	Oregon	Columbia Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sineann 2010 Old Vine Zinfandel (Columbia Valley (OR))	Zinfandel	Sineann
US	"Bright aromas of toast, spice and pear are followed by medium-bodied fruit flavors that persist on the finish."	Shirley Mays Lewis Estate Vineyard	88	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dunham 2015 Shirley Mays Lewis Estate Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Dunham
US	"Unfortunately only available in Bermuda, this wonderful bottling shows salted brambleberries, crushed violets, asphalt, rosemary and pinpointed florality on the fresh yet concentrated nose. The palate is zesty and darkly focused, with elderberries, stewed plums, thyme and Earl Grey tea. It's quite a complex effort."		94	34	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wild Hogge 2011 Pinot Noir (Paso Robles)	Pinot Noir	Wild Hogge
Germany	"Shocks of ripe rich yellow peach and pineapple revitalize the palate of this animated off-dry Riesling. Simultaneously bracing and sun-drenched, it's a straightforward yet delectably juicy treat. Enjoy now while young."	Brauneberger Juffer Kabinett Grosse Lage	89	22	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Willi Haag 2014 Brauneberger Juffer Kabinett Grosse Lage Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Willi Haag
France	"This is a floral wine with a tight nervy texture and intense acidity. Citrus fruit and crispness drive this forward. While it has plenty of fruit, it is this mineral texture that dominates this dry wine. Drink now."	Grand Cru Blanc de Blancs Extra Brut	90	60	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Legras & Haas NV Grand Cru Blanc de Blancs Extra Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Legras & Haas
Italy	"Cogno helped put the Novello village on the Barolo-lovers' map. This wine opens with fragrances of red and black berries, rose, baking spice and leather. The vibrant palate delivers wild cherry, raspberry, mint, sage, thyme and cocoa accents alongside bracing tannins and nervous acidity. Drink after 2020."	Ravera	95	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Elvio Cogno 2010 Ravera  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Elvio Cogno
US	"With loads of oak, pineapple and orange honey flavors, this sweet Chardonnay will appeal to those who like this heavy, over-the-top style."		82	20	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Red Pony Ranch 2009 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Red Pony Ranch
US	"Tart and dry, with acidic flavors of cherries, currants, cola, mocha and spices. That sharp texture won't go away with aging, so drink up."		86	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Paradise Ridge 2007 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Paradise Ridge
Canada	"This Riesling specialist strikes a unique chord, with precise yet individualistic wines. Crisp, tart, tongue-tickling flavors of green apple, grapefruit and orange peel are among the penetrating highlights. Concentrated and high in acid, this rocks on through a long finish."		91	25	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tantalus Vineyards 2012 Riesling (Okanagan Valley)	Riesling	Tantalus Vineyards
Italy	"Here's a solid, straightforward Barolo that delivers aromas and flavors of ripe black cherry, raspberry compote, star anise, leather and menthol. You'll also detect the warmth of alcohol on the finish, while chewy tannins provide support. Drink 2017–2022."		88	40	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Collina San Ponzio 2012  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Collina San Ponzio
US	"Delicate white peach and pear notes perfume this dry, crisply fruity wine. There's a satisfying weightiness to the palate, but tart lemon notes keep it zesty and spry."	Reserve	88	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Osprey's Dominion 2013 Reserve Pinot Gris (North Fork of Long Island)	Pinot Gris	Osprey's Dominion
France	"A touch of honeyed richness plays into the pear fruit evident on the nose. The palate has the same honeyed touch, countered by pleasantly bitter pith. This is ripe, full-fruited and warm, fresh and zesty at the same time. The finish is lasting and dry."	Cuvée Engel	90	20	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Fernand Engel 2015 Cuvée Engel Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Fernand Engel
Italy	"Earthy underbrush, leather, scorched earth, dark spice and toasted hazelnut aromas lead the way. The firm palate shows dried cherry, licorice and tobacco flavors alongside assertive, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2019–2026."	Lazzarito Riserva	90	110	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Germano Ettore 2011 Lazzarito Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Germano Ettore
Austria	"Clean-cut and zesty with the tang of grapefruit peel, a concentrated midpalate and a refreshing dryness, this Riesling shows elegance, power and lip-smacking lemon finish. Shy now, it will reveal more power with bottle age. Drink as of 2017."	Heiligenstein Reserve	92	28	Kamptal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Hirsch 2012 Heiligenstein Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Hirsch
US	"From a selection of the original vines at this heritage vineyard, which was planted in the early 1970s, this is densely layered with strawberry, raspberry and cherry fruit. Details are well-integrated, bringing light notes of toasted coconut and caramel. The texture and mouthfeel express the little extras that old vines, when handled properly, can deliver."	Maresh Vineyard Red Barn Blocks	95	70	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kelley Fox 2014 Maresh Vineyard Red Barn Blocks Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Kelley Fox
Germany	"Starts off with aromas of green gage plum and hints of honey, but on the palate this is powerful and tightly coiled. It even seems a bit lean at this stage, with a bit of spritz, but expect it to improve markedly over the next 2–3 years. For now, the potential is all evident in the tremendous length on the finish."	Im Sonnenschein Grosses Gewächs	91	90	Pfalz			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ökonomierat Rebholz 2007 Im Sonnenschein Grosses Gewächs Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Ökonomierat Rebholz
Italy	"Pressed rose, woodland berry, sage and a whiff of exotic spice emerge on this firmly structured wine. The taut palate delivers mature black cherry, ground pepper, clove and licorice alongside tight, fine-grained tannins and the warmth of alcohol. Give it a few more years to unwind. Drink after 2019."	Brunate	92	110	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ceretto 2011 Brunate  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Ceretto
US	"Sweet vanilla mingles with ripe cherries and plums on the nose and palate of this supple, soft Long Island Merlot. Bright acidity and a hint of green, leafy herbs add freshness on the palate. Finishes on a slightly grippy, tannic note."		85	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Castello di Borghese 2006 Merlot (North Fork of Long Island)	Merlot	Castello di Borghese
US	"From start to finish, there's so much going on with Lamoreaux Landing's Yellow Dog. Honey and orange blossom aromas are laced with a whisper of musk. The bright lemon-lime sweetness is balanced elegantly with a distinct minerality evocative of smoke, slate and stone, and a bracing acidity that drives a lingering finish."	Yellow Dog Vineyard	88	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Lamoreaux Landing 2009 Yellow Dog Vineyard Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Lamoreaux Landing
France	"This rosé, made from Cinsault and Syrah, offers assertive aromas of garrigue herbs—think rosemary and thyme—alongside fruity tones of minty cherry, strawberry and raspberry. The mouthfeel is light and fresh, with the mentholated character dominating the red berry core. Drink now."		87	13	Languedoc-Roussillon	Corbières		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Domaine Sainte-Eugénie 2014 Rosé (Corbières)	Rosé	Domaine Sainte-Eugénie
France	"Named after enologist Benjamin Cooker, this wine was aged in egg-shaped cement tanks. Pure Malbec that is rich, rounded with spice and firm tannins, it has a generous, spacious character that is beginning to develop. With a dark background to the black-currant fruits, this needs to age. Drink from 2018."	Le Sang de la Vigne Signé Benjamin Cooker	93	30	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Gaudou 2013 Le Sang de la Vigne Signé Benjamin Cooker Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château de Gaudou
Spain	"Mildy green tobacco aromas lead the way along with forest floor, fern notes and standard berry aromas. The palate opens with forceful acidity, while the flavors are a bit underdeveloped as they lean toward blackberry. Mild bitterness is also part of the picture as the wine flattens out on the back side."	Dama de Toro	85	13	Northern Spain	Toro		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Fariña 2008 Dama de Toro  (Toro)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Fariña
US	"The value bottling from this producer, this wine bursts with pretty scents and raspberry fruit flavors. It carries a nice hint of citrus tang, and still lighter notes of mocha and caramel. Modest in proportion, but generous in flavor, it's ready for immediate enjoyment."	Oregon	90	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Purple Hands 2013 Oregon Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Purple Hands
US	"A white with inviting floral aromas, this Lake County-sourced Sauvignon Blanc is layered with stone fruit and the region's signature tropical imprint. It's creamy in mouthfeel, to the point of being full-bodied, yet still bright."		87	27	California	Lake County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bell 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Lake County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Bell
US	"Big and powerful, but nuanced despite its size. It's a dark, extracted wine, filled with wild cherry, raspberry, currant and sandalwood flavors, as well as exotic notes of forest balsam, grilled mushrooms, tamari and dusty Indian spices. Super-complex, it changes with every sip, and should change interestingly over the next six years. The vineyard is in the Petaluma Gap, and argues strongly for that region's future."	Gap's Crown Vineyard	95	52	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Fulcrum 2008 Gap's Crown Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Fulcrum
Chile	"Powdery and sweet smelling, with an acidic palate propelling pedestrian green apple, lime and orange flavors. Fruity but not very refined, with a tenuous balance that indicates that it should be drunk as soon as possible."		83	8	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sundance 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Maule Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sundance
US	"Baked red cherry, cinnamon, star anise, dried dill and oregano and a touch of Kalamata olive decorate the fresh, fruity but spicy nose on this bottling. Black pepper and more olive characteristics pop on the palate, with crushed herbs, orange peel, tart cranberry, black peppercorns and North African spice properly representing this cool-climate vineyard."	Coast Grade Vineyard	93	50	California	Ben Lomond Mountain	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Beauregard 2013 Coast Grade Vineyard Pinot Noir (Ben Lomond Mountain)	Pinot Noir	Beauregard
US	"Salty wood and brine show this vineyard's straight shot to the sea, as bright lifted acidity helps to further prove the point. Focused and tense on the palate, there's a sharp, stony minerality that comes into play here, alongside etchings of lemon peel and green apple."	Gap's Crown Vineyard	91	45	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Sojourn 2015 Gap's Crown Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Sojourn
Chile	"Plum, berry and milk chocolate aromas are not too aggressive. The palate is round and friendly feeling, with flavors of wild berry, sweet oak and carob. Finishes with solid oaky flavors. Good Syrah that's uncomplicated and generally well made."	Crucero	86	10	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Siegel 2010 Crucero Syrah (Colchagua Valley)	Syrah	Siegel
US	"A voluptuous white wine with a bite of acidity to keep it buoyant and vibrant on the palate, this sings in lemon zest, orange blossom and ripe yellow apple. Lushly layered, it threads a needle of stony, salty complexity, finishing with full-flavored flair."		91	30	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ulises Valdez 2012 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Ulises Valdez
US	"This has an extraordinarily-high level of residual sugar, giving it a very sweet, honeyed taste. The flavors are of pure golden apricots, with accents of tangerines, buttered toast and vanilla cream. While it's not overly complex, it offers plenty of rich pleasure."	Trust Winery Limited	88	65	California	Mendocino Ridge				Stephen & Walker 2010 Trust Winery Limited Chardonnay (Mendocino Ridge)	Chardonnay	Stephen & Walker
Germany	"A touch of honey sweetness accents zesty pineapple and lemon flavors in this harmoniously off-dry Riesling. Concentrated and juicy yet pert with acidity, it refreshes with ease and elegance. Drink now through 2021."	Feinherb	90	22	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Maximin Grünhäuser 2015 Feinherb Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Maximin Grünhäuser
US	"Light aromas offer notes of apple and pear. The palate of thhis wine is cleanly made, showing no obvious new-oak impact. It's a straight-down-the-fairway interpretation of this variety."		87	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Duck Pond 2016 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Duck Pond
US	"Veins of smoke and nuts lend savoriness to the bouquet of this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay. It's rich, round and easy on the palate, balancing pressed apple and pear flavors with a fresh zest of lemon on the finish."	White Mischief	86	35	New York	"The Hamptons, Long Island"	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		"Wölffer 2012 White Mischief Chardonnay (The Hamptons, Long Island)"	Chardonnay	Wölffer
France	"This wine is tight, textured and still young. With crisp, mineral acidity and bright citrus and white stone fruits, it needs to age to show its full, rich potential. Drink from 2018."		89	15	Burgundy	Mâcon La Roche Vineuse		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons des Terres Secrètes 2015  Mâcon La Roche Vineuse	Chardonnay	Vignerons des Terres Secrètes
US	"This is a distinctly simple Chardonnay. It's marked by pineapple, pear and peach flavors. Will satisfy America's basic Chardonnay craving."		84	14	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Chessman 2010 Chardonnay (Sonoma County)	Chardonnay	Chessman
Austria	"The bright, fresh pink color and a nose of summer blossom, redcurrant and Mara des Bois strawberry will make this an easy-drinking favorite. The generous dosage gives it a celebratory party note, but also means it's a pink fizz that could go with fruity berries and some fruit salads."	Brut de Brut Rosé	89	32	Österreichischer Sekt			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Nigl 2011 Brut de Brut Rosé Sparkling (Österreichischer Sekt)	Sparkling Blend	Nigl
Italy	"Ripe dark-skinned berry, baking spice and Mediterranean brush aromas waft out of the glass. The full-bodied yet one-dimensional palate delivers wild cherry, black raspberry, star anise and salty mineral notes made bolder by alcohol warmth and big, velvety tannins. Drink 2019–2024."		90	125	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Mastrojanni 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Mastrojanni
US	"Mildly fruity and very smooth in texture, this wine is quietly agreeable. It is medium to full bodied, feels rich on the palate and tastes ripe and subtle like honeydew melon."	Founders' Estate	85	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Beringer 2015 Founders' Estate Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Beringer
US	"Aromas of sugared plum and other blue fruit take the lead followed by cocoa and herbs. The coffee and plum flavors are soft and sweet, going down easy."		88	17	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Diversion 2012 Merlot (Washington)	Merlot	Diversion
Chile	"Varietally typical aromas of grapefruit and green onion start it off, but the palate is more citrusy, as it emphasizes flavors of orange, grapefruit, passion fruit and some pickle. The finish is fresh and clean, and the mouthfeel is juicy. However, dilution of flavors and a failure to improve once opened hold it back."		84	8	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Santa Monica 2002 Sauvignon Blanc (Rapel Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Viña Santa Monica
France	"A charged Burgundy, packed with dense tannins and powerful ripe black berry fruits. There's a delicious tension here between the fruits and the tannin, pushing the acidity, the red plums and strawberries forward, but keeping them in check. At this stage, it needs decanting; otherwise keep for 2–3 years."		90	48	Burgundy	Gevrey-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2005  Gevrey-Chambertin	Pinot Noir	Joseph Drouhin
US	"Aged for more than two years in French, American and Hungarian oak, this vineyard-designate is bombastically broad-shouldered in cocoa powder and leather, Soft and velvety on the palate, it finishes with a spark of heat."	Treborce Vineyard	87	42	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Phipps 2012 Treborce Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Phipps
Portugal	"This is a perfumed wine, attractive with floral aromas and generous black fruits. It has plenty of tannins as well as concentration, and looks set for a rich, structured future. Drink from 2018."	4 Reserva	89	23	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maritávora 2014 4 Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Maritávora
Chile	"Cherry and lactic aromas give this a forced, pushy nose. Reasonable freshness and flavors of cherry, plum and minty oak are adequate, while the finish is scratchy and hot, with peppery spice and leftover oak."	Limited Selection	85	16	Aconcagua Costa			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montes 2014 Limited Selection Pinot Noir (Aconcagua Costa)	Pinot Noir	Montes
Italy	"Here is an easygoing Chardonnay with measured aromas of peach, almond milk, toasted bread and a touch of citrus zest on the close. The wine has a clean, no-fuss approach that is well suited to pasta and pizza."		87	12	Veneto	Piave				Cescon Italo Storia e Vini 2007 Chardonnay (Piave)	Chardonnay	Cescon Italo Storia e Vini
US	"Sour cherry and brown sugar aromatics introduce this wine, with comparable flavors that thin out rather quickly. Hints of clay and wet fur show as well. It's an unusual, but interesting, wine that may improve with more bottle age."	Grand Assemblage	87	28	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dobbes Family Estate 2012 Grand Assemblage Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dobbes Family Estate
US	"A simple, fruity Zin that blends damp soil and stewed berries with chocolate and toast. Mostly Lodi fruit, with bits and pieces of the blend coming from Mendocino, Sonoma and Paso Robles; also contains traces of Petite Sirah and Syrah."	Dancing Bull	84	12	California	California	California Other			Rancho Zabaco 2000 Dancing Bull Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Rancho Zabaco
US	"There's an unparalleled woody intensity on the nose of this offering, with cigar box, myrrh, incense and bay leaf decorating the black peppercorn, herb-laced salt, dark chocolate and black plum aromas. The palate's leathery flavors are woven into fine-grained tannins, revealing flashes of elderberry, violet and gravel. Drink 2019–2033."	Estate Bottled	95	70	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Mount Eden Vineyards 2013 Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mount Eden Vineyards
Italy	"Aromas of baked plum, underbrush, grilled herb and mocha lead the nose on this dense, soft wine. The concentrated palate delivers blackberry, black cherry, vanilla, clove and black pepper notes alongside velvety tannins."	Gioè	92	110	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Santa Sofia 2007 Gioè  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Santa Sofia
Spain	"Slightly minty and grassy on the nose, and that mild green character persists. The palate is a bit clacky and acidic, yet the flavors evolve and ultimately rest at candied and medicinal. A touch biting but it tastes pretty good and it's decidedly not sour. A blend of 55% Monastrell with 25% Cabernet Savuignon and 20% Syrah."		85	10	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Caracol Serrano 2009 Red (Jumilla)	Red Blend	Caracol Serrano
US	"Full-bodied and firm yet rounded in mouthfeel and generous in fruit flavors, this wine strikes a harmonious balance that makes it irresistible. It boasts blueberry, black cherry, dark chocolate and cinnamon flavors, its plush texture carrying them long into the finish."	Small Lot Reserve	91	16	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Irony 2014 Small Lot Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (North Coast)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Irony
Chile	"Every vintage this wine pulls the same score, so there's something to be said about consistency. This bottling is neutral on the nose, with hints of dust and melon. The palate is clean and citrusy in feel, with melon and green herb notes. An easy finish seems right given the precedings."	Reserva	86	12	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Palo Alto 2013 Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Maule Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Palo Alto
US	"A blend of Mourvèdre, Grenache, Syrah and Viognier, this brings to mind tight red and black berries spread over freshly tilled earth. A mild peppery spice shows up on the midpalate, with soft tannins supporting throughout."	Prairie Rotie	86	25	Texas			Alexander Peartree		Becker 2014 Prairie Rotie Red	Rhône-style Red Blend	Becker
France	"Richer notes of cream signal rounded richness: indeed the palate is creamy and mellow, with hints of lemon and baked apple. There even is something nutty around the edges of this elegant rounded wine which is nonetheless light-bodied and fresh. The dry finish is reassuringly long."	Brut	90	21	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Ruhlmann NV Brut Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Ruhlmann
France	"Round and ripe, this is a balanced, complex and perfumed wine. With its acidity beautifully in place, it is fresh while also having some spice, toast and minerality. Drink from 2017."		89	40	Burgundy	Marsannay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Huguenot 2014  Marsannay	Chardonnay	Domaine Huguenot
US	"An elegant, elaborate Pinot Noir, clearly well grown. The structure is impeccable, with brisk, citrusy acidity and finely ground tannins. The flavors show long hangtime ripeness, flooding the mouth with raspberries, Dr. Pepper cola and exotic pie spices. There's even a note of balsam and mushrooms. Very fine now, with decanting, but should develop bottle complexity over the next six years."		92	41	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Freeman 2009 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Freeman
US	"One of the more reliable, affordably priced Rhône blends in the state, this mix of 43% Grenache, 34% Syrah, 15% Mourvèdre and 8% Counoise offers slightly shy aromas of black and red licorice, red currant and cinnamon candy, tucked behind a layer of slate. The palate is more simplistic, with purple fruits most prevalent."	Cuvee Le Bac	87	25	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Beckmen 2012 Cuvee Le Bac Red (Santa Ynez Valley)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Beckmen
US	"This is a serious, dry and well-structured wine with lots of dark-fruit flavors and firm tannins. It has tempting black cherry aromas and black-currant flavors, a full body and a mouth-filling lightly astringent texture that will pair well with rich food. Best after 2019."	Hopland Ranches Torrent	90	32	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Brutocao 2014 Hopland Ranches Torrent Red (Mendocino)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Brutocao
US	"A rare single-vineyard bottling from this tiny site, this wine offers aromas of black licorice, herbs, cassis, dates and black cherry. The palate brings tart, vibrant acidity along with chewy tannins."	Tokar Vineyard	91	42	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tulpen 2010 Tokar Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tulpen
US	"Among the four different single- vineyard selections tasted, this showed best. Strawberry/cherry fruit is spiced up with dark chocolate and a thread of pine sap. Long and layered, this offering shows enough vineyard character to make a designate compelling."	Freedom Hill Vineyard	90	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Panther Creek 2007 Freedom Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Panther Creek
US	"Stewed strawberries, blackberry jam, maple, brown sugar, black pepper, teriyaki and pork fat show on the lush nose of this bargain bottling. It's soft on the palate, with fruity strawberry and ripe plum flavors, as well as some more serious beef char elements. It's fun, easy and delicious."		90	20	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Maddalena 2014 Zinfandel (Paso Robles)	Zinfandel	Maddalena
US	"Very dry and very crisp, with lime, lemongrass and mineral flavors. Considerable new French oak brings creamier notes, while 15% Viognier in the blend adds an exotic tang. It impresses for dry, zesty elegance. An interesting wine, and one to watch in future vintages."	7200 Vogelzang Vineyard	89	25	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast			Foxen 2009 7200 Vogelzang Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Foxen
France	"Part of the domaine of the Gagey family that runs Louis Jadot, this dense, wood-dominated wine has an austere character at this stage. Ripe, potentially full of yellow and creamy white fruits, it will always have a serious side. Drink from 2018."	Le Clos Blanc Beaune Grèves Premier Cru	93	75	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Jadot 2012 Le Clos Blanc Beaune Grèves Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Chardonnay	Louis Jadot
US	"Sweet and simple, like a blend of lemonade, limeade and grapefruit juice, with a squeeze of peaches. Good, if you like your white wines this ripe."		84	15	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Wellington 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Wellington
US	"This is a big, ripe, distinctly New World Merlot that shows off its terroir to perfection. A long, sunny growing season has given explosive currant, blackberry jam and mocha flavors, while cool nights have preserved vital acidity and firm tannins. Drink now, with grilled steak topped with a blue cheese and brown butter sauce."	Estate Bottled	91	27	California	Mendocino Ridge				Greenwood Ridge 2006 Estate Bottled Merlot (Mendocino Ridge)	Merlot	Greenwood Ridge
US	Like your Sauv Blancs with a hint of white sugar? Try this everyday wine. It has a pleasant burst of acidity that makes the citrus fruit flavors finish clean.	Lost Slipper	84	13	California	California	California Other			Once Upon a Vine 2011 Lost Slipper Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Once Upon a Vine
US	"Quite tart, the fruit here touches (just barely) on melon, with orange and lemon zest, a bit of lime, and plenty of acid. All stainless fermented, it went through full malolactic."	Renovação Estate Vineyards	87	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Coelho 2015 Renovação Estate Vineyards Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Coelho
US	"This wine is well sourced, its grapes coming from Brown Ranch, Toyon and Trefethen, among other sites. Aging takes place partially in barrels that have been soaked in water before toasting to lessen the impact, and in stainless steel. Light, crisp honeyed apple, pear and vanilla star alongside caramel and a floral flourish."		91	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Duckhorn 2014 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Duckhorn
US	A soft fruitiness and smooth texture make this medium-bodied red easy to enjoy. Strawberry and cherry notes rest easily on a bed of light tannin that adds an appetizing mouthfeel.		86	8	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi 2013 Merlot (California)	Merlot	Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi
South Africa	"This Cabernet-basred blend, with 13% Merlot, 4% Petit Verdot, 3% Cabernet Franc and 2% Malbec, opens with intense aromas of tobacco, leather, sweet smoke, cured meat, dried fig and fruit cake. Flavors of black berry, cherry and cassis unfold on the medium-weight palate, alongside firm, muscular tannins that hold on through the lingering finish. Drink now–2016."	Tiara	90	36	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Simonsig 2010 Tiara Red (Stellenbosch)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Simonsig
US	"This blend of Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah had no problem achieving ripeness. It explodes in blackberry, cherry, chocolate, licorice, teriaki beef, black pepper and sandalwood flavors that go on and on. The structure is a little too soft and weak to support all this weight, though. Drink now."	Tesoro	87	47	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Muscardini 2008 Tesoro Red (Sonoma Valley)	Red Blend	Muscardini
US	"Lovely notes of fresh-cut pear, pear skin and a bit of melon highlight this nicely defined wine. It's a showcase for an emerging style of Pinot Gris, which Oregon has made its own."		88	14	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Erath 2011 Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	Erath
US	"Standard and proper, this is made in the popular style. It tastes sweet, with buttercream, buttered popcorn, pineapple and peach flavors, followed by a smoky, oaky tone and good balancing acidity."		84	15	California	California	California Other			Main & Geary 2011 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Main & Geary
Italy	"Designed as a paring match to game foods and wild turkey, La Cattura is 85% Teroldego (a native variety of northern Italy) and 15% Syrah. This specific blend results in raw, milky tones of creamy blueberry and mocha."	La Cattura	85	17	Tuscany	Toscana				Poggio al Casone 2009 La Cattura Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Poggio al Casone
France	"With a majority of Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend, the wine is finely structured and filled with intense black fruits. It has a dry core that will allow it to age slowly and gently. The wine has juicy acidity, a tightly tannic core and great potential. Drink from 2021."		92	50	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Clauzet 2014  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Clauzet
Germany	"Faint whiffs of apple and fresh herb open this elegant and somewhat subdued Riesling. Dry and moderately full in body, the palate is delicate, with flavors of nectarine, white grapefruit and lemon, along with a hint of honeycomb for added complexity."	Dürkheimer Dry-Style	88	19	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fitz-Ritter 2012 Dürkheimer Dry-Style Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Fitz-Ritter
Argentina	"Pure blackberry aromas are dosed with spice, lemon peel and grit. This blend of Malbec and Cabernets Sauvignon and Franc is saturated and concentrated but still well balanced. Creamy, rich blackberry and chocolate flavors finish smooth, lusty and dark. This may not be overly complex but it tastes great and feels right; drink through 2022."	Gran Corte	93	55	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Riglos 2013 Gran Corte Red (Tupungato)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Riglos
France	"This wine is soft and ripe, with juicy black fruit and fresh acidity over a background of firm tannins. A smoky edge adds to its attractiveness."	Cuvée Henri	89	29	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Berthenon 2015 Cuvée Henri  (Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Berthenon
Ukraine	This wine has aromas of pomegranate and black plum. It conveys flavors of cranberry and black raspberry. The finish is short-lived yet pleasantly acidic.		84	6	Ukraine			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Côtnar Hills 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Ukraine)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Côtnar Hills
Italy	"Wild berry, dark baking spice, aromatic herb and espresso aromas are present along with a floral note. The linear palate offers raw red cherry, dried sage and a white pepper note framed in vibrant acidity and firm, fine-grained tannins."	Riserva di Famiglia	89	35	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cecchi 2013 Riserva di Famiglia  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Cecchi
US	"Delicious aromas of dark raspberries, Bing cherries, black pepper, pipe smoke, smoked meats, thyme and just enough dank mushroom greet the nose. This wine is very full on the ripe and juicy palate, showing more raspberry, rhubarb, dried strawberry and warm black licorice, all balanced by plum-skin bitterness and just enough tannic structure."	Estate	94	39	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Boekenoogen 2012 Estate Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Boekenoogen
France	"The name “Not so little” is a joking reference to its appellation. This is a pleasure, a delicious unoaked Chardonnay with green fruits, a touch of caramel and kiwi fruit flavors."	Pas si Petit	86	17	Burgundy	Petit Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	La Chablisienne 2006 Pas si Petit  (Petit Chablis)	Chardonnay	La Chablisienne
Italy	"Forest floor, aromatic herb, dark spice and eucalyptus aromas come together with a floral twist. Bright and elegant, the palate shows succulent wild cherry, white pepper, star anise and chopped mint flavors. With its taut, fine-grained tannins and firm acidity, it needs time to unwind and fully develop. Drink 2022–2032."		95	95	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fuligni 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Fuligni
France	"Some foliage aromas are echoed in the mouth along with dark fruit and banana. Medium weight and structured tannins provide a full body, leading into a strong but somewhat waxy finish."	Pic Saint-Loup Vieilles Vignes	85	20	Languedoc-Roussillon	Coteaux du Languedoc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Château de Lancyre 2004 Pic Saint-Loup Vieilles Vignes Red (Coteaux du Languedoc)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château de Lancyre
France	"From vines nearly 30 years in age, this is Pinard's immediately attractive, drink-now wine. Fresh lemon and grapefruit flavors are lightly herbal in character. Juicy, lively and crisp, it's ready to drink."	Florès	87	42	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vincent Pinard 2014 Florès  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Vincent Pinard
Chile	"One sniff and you will be able to peg this as cool-climate SB. The nose is full of nettle and gooseberry aromas, while the palate feels trim and citrusy. Flavors of gooseberry, nettle and green bean leave a tropical note on the finish. This shows fine acidity but narrow, raw flavors."	Single Vineyard	88	17	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2012 Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Errazuriz
US	"Coming from 1984 plantings—the oldest in the valley—this wine beguiles, with restrained aromas of kirsch, wet stone and plum alongside high tone herb notes. The fruit flavors are layered, possessing a sense of vibrancy and length on the coffee and fruit filled finish. It shows great balance and persistence."	Morrison Lane	93	45	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	K Vintners 2012 Morrison Lane Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	K Vintners
US	"The reserve Chardonnay from Eola Hills gets an extra year in bottle, and it has a more elegant, vertical structure, with the fruit framed in toasty oak flavors and some tarragon spice. It's persistent as well; the flavors seem to gather strength in the midpalate and continue through a strong and moderately complex finish."	La Creole Reserve	88	15	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Eola Hills 2005 La Creole Reserve Chardonnay (Oregon)	Chardonnay	Eola Hills
US	"Elegant notes of fresh herb and violet perfume this ripe, richly composed red. While full bodied and densely concentrated with red fruit, it shows restraint and balance, framing luscious fruit against firm, gripping tannins and a brisk, acidic edge."	Bergen Road	89	50	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Macari 2013 Bergen Road Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Macari
US	"This is essentially DDO's reserve Pinot Noir; it requires some patience at first, because it is quite tight, almost inscrutable. With many hours of breathing it fleshes out and opens up, revealing a wine with interesting nuances of cured meat, mushroom and light earth. The fruit is a notch more concentrated and full than the regular DDO, but retains a sense of tart berry and light cherry rather than being sweet or jammy. This absolutely must be decanted well in advance."	Laurène	92	65	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Drouhin Oregon 2005 Laurène Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Drouhin Oregon
Chile	"Full, dense and minty on the nose, with leather and a controlled sharpness. The palate is round and wide, with mouthfilling flavors of cherry, plum, resiny spice and leather. Finishes grabby and slightly herbal, with plenty of oak and chewable tannins."	Reserva	87	15	Limarí Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Tabalí 2009 Reserva Syrah (Limarí Valley)	Syrah	Viña Tabalí
Italy	"This classically crafted wine opens with earthy aromas of rose, violet, leather and a whiff of game while the juicy palate offers black cherry, cinnamon and star anise. Chewy tannins provide support. It's already approachable but will continue to drink well over the next several years. Drink through 2022."	Bricco Faset	91	38	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Spinona 2012 Bricco Faset  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	La Spinona
Italy	"Truffle, leather, scorched earth, menthol and steeped plum aromas lead the way on this full-bodied red. The brawny palate offers dried black cherry steeped in spirits, blackberry confiture, licorice, cinnamon and mocha alongside a backbone of fine-grained tannins. You can barely detect the warmth of alcohol on the finish. Give it a few more years to fully come together. Drink 2018–2026."	Riserva	93	133	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Donatella Cinelli Colombini 2010 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Donatella Cinelli Colombini
Argentina	"Earthy compost accents berry and root-beer aromas. This Salta Malbec gives a lush false impression before wiry, jumpy acidity takes over the palate. Across the flavor profile, berry and plum are amplified by tartaric acidity, while on the finish this doesn't settle down much. Drink through 2023."	Viña Cabra Corral Single Vineyard	89	39	Other	Cafayate		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Quara 2012 Viña Cabra Corral Single Vineyard Malbec (Cafayate)	Malbec	Quara
Argentina	"Dark and quite oaky for a brand that earned its stripes via balanced wines that overdelivered. This vintage seems much more extracted and rough, with big, burly aromas and then tannins that grab the cheeks. Along the rough and tumble ride there's spice, pepper, blackberry and coffee. This wine pumps it out but is less polished than in the past."	Crios	86	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Susana Balbo 2007 Crios Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Susana Balbo
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon makes up half of this wine, with the balance Merlot (31%), Malbec (15%) and Cabernet Franc. Barrel notes of vanilla and baking spice are up front, followed by herb and dark fruit tones that are backed by lively acidity. It currently drinks very tight. Give it some time in the cellar or an extended decant. Best after 2020."	Apogee Pepper Bridge Vineyard	90	55	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	L'Ecole No. 41 2014 Apogee Pepper Bridge Vineyard Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	L'Ecole No. 41
Italy	"This has subdued toast, coconut, incense aromas, while the palate shows grilled herb, licorice and dried cherry flavors. Assertive, close-grained tannins leave an astringent finish."	Salco	88	65	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Salcheto 2011 Salco  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Sangiovese	Salcheto
US	"The sweetest of the Blue Moon Riesling trio, this is also lowest in alcohol, and has a semi-sparkling (frizzante) level of bubbles. In terms of flavor, it could be a dead ringer for an inexpensive Italian Moscato."	Semi-Sparkling	84	12	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Blue Moon NV Semi-Sparkling Riesling (Oregon)	Riesling	Blue Moon
US	"This has a strong impression of sweetness, to the point of being almost cloying. That candied raspberry flavor is offset with citrusy acids, giving it a sweet/tart candy character. The flavors don't quite sync up."		85	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Klee 2014 Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Klee
US	"Smooth and rich, this has creamy flavors of buttered toast, golden mango, Key lime pie and honey. Balancing all the sweet richness is fine acidity and a steely minerality. It's a bit dialed into the modern style, but there's no denying the opulent deliciousness of this Chardonnay."	Estate Grown	90	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma			Silverado 2010 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Silverado
US	"Ripe pomegranate and candied raspberry aromas meet with potpourri and cinnamon touches on the nose of this bottling from the Franscioni family. The palate is very approachable, with raspberry sorbet flavor and a graphite edge, providing both the richness that the appellation is known for and smart restraint."	Sierra Mar Vineyard	92	54	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Roar 2015 Sierra Mar Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Roar
US	"A blend of equal parts Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, with smaller dollops of Petite Sirah, Merlot and Malbec, this is a dark, inky wine, brawny in leather, clove and meat. Big-bodied and oaky, it finishes in a sea of brambly blackberry and wild game."	Tytanium Caton Vineyard	87	80	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ty Caton 2012 Tytanium Caton Vineyard Red (Sonoma Valley)	Red Blend	Ty Caton
US	"This wine starts out brooding, with aromas of vanilla, herbs and brown spices. The cherry flavors are full bodied yet show subtlety, with a captivating mouthfeel and meaty flavors on the finish that increase the interest."	Lawrence Vineyard	90	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Ardor 2013 Lawrence Vineyard Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Ardor
Italy	"Ripe blackberry, crushed plum, black raspberry, sweet baking spices, orange zest and dark chocolate are some of the aromas and flavors you'll find on this creamy, full-bodied blend of Petit Verdot, Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon.  Velvety tannins provide the smooth texture and framework. Enjoy through 2020."	Monteti	94	36	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Monteti 2010 Monteti Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta Monteti
France	"Limestone vineyards around Eguisheim give this wine its crisp, mineral character. It's fruity while on the dry side, dominated by apple and spiced pear cut with youthful fresh acidity. It will be ready to drink soon; wait for summer 2015."		85	17	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Zinck 2013 Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Zinck
Portugal	"This is an impressive still young wine. With its dense texture and powerful tannins it is concentrated, packed with ripe berry flavors and juicy acidity. It is bold, certainly not reticent, made for some long-term aging. Drink from 2018."	Olho de Mocho Reserva	92	42	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade do Rocim 2012 Olho de Mocho Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade do Rocim
Italy	"Aromas recall crushed raspberry, blue flower, tilled soil and clove. The round palate doles out dense, dark cherry, cinnamon and balsamic notes. Soft and accessible, it will drink best through 2015."		88	22	Piedmont	Langhe		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Alessandro Rivetto 2011 Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Alessandro Rivetto
Italy	"Classic Sangiovese aromas of wild berry, blue flower, underbrush and a whiff of new leather emerge on this full-bodied red. The structured elegant palate delivers juicy morello cherry, crushed raspberry, grilled herb, licorice, pipe tobacco and baking spice framed in firm, fine-grained tannins. Drink 2018–2028."	Riserva	93	85	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Amantis 2010 Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Amantis
Germany	"Savory wisps of smoke and dusty minerals juxtapose exuberantly juicy, sweet yellow peach and nectarine flavors in this crystalline kabinett. Just off-dry on the palate, its refreshing, high-spirited style makes it an excellent apéritif."	Trittenheimer Apotheke Kabinett	89	18	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Bollig-Lehnert 2014 Trittenheimer Apotheke Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Bollig-Lehnert
France	"A firm and tannic wine, with a hard-edge feel to it. The structure is dry and tough, leaving little room for the fruit, even in the future."		83	15	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Saint-Urbain 2010  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Saint-Urbain
US	"Cassis liqueur, blueberry notes and a smoky cured-meat element comprise the nose of this engaging, beautifully balanced offering. Dried cherry, cedar, tea and tobacco flavors predominate, and the texture is supple. The long finish displays handsome cherry and coffee notes, with plentiful but even tannins. Almost drinkable now, but best after 2002."	Padrone	92	125	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Signorello 1997 Padrone Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Signorello
France	"The entry wine of Château Lagrezette lives up to its name in the color. With its soft tannins, touch of smokiness and blackberry-juice fruit flavors, it's a fine showpiece for the more open side of Malbec."	Purple	86	17	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lagrézette 2011 Purple Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Château Lagrézette
Australia	"A good value in easy-to-drink Cabernet, McWilliam's 2008 is plummy and chocolaty, with soft tannins and a velvety finish. A bit simple perhaps, but definitely satisfying. Drink now."		87	11	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	McWilliam's Hanwood Estate 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (South Eastern Australia)	Cabernet Sauvignon	McWilliam's Hanwood Estate
US	"Dry and crisp, with peach and citrus flavors and a touch of oak, this wine benefitted from a cool growing season in usually hot Paso Robles. It has the acidity of a true coastal white wine."		84	19	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Robert Hall 2006 Chardonnay (Paso Robles)	Chardonnay	Robert Hall
US	"Higher in acids and lower in sugar than the regular bottling, and shares most of the same charactertistics. Packed with jammy white stone fruit and floral flavors. Lees adds a rich, creamy texture. Still, it's not a dry wine, and is best matched with dishes with some sweetness."	Reserve	86	20	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other			King Estate 2001 Reserve Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	King Estate
Chile	"Spicy and woody, with a pungency on the nose. The round palate is full of red-berry fruit and a fair amount of supporting oak. That wood is confirmed on the finish, where things turn a bit buttery and rich. Fortunately some lively tannins and cleansing acids keep things from getting bogged down. A good everyday Cab. Best Buy."	Reserve	86	10	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montes 2001 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Curicó Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Montes
Italy	"Rose, red berry, mint and anise aromas unfold in the glass. The firm palate offers wild cherry, crushed raspberry, clove, anisette and a mocha note framed in bracing tannins and fresh acidity. Drink 2020–2031."		90	29	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Oddero 2011  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Oddero
France	"Crisp, tight and mineral, this classic wine has citrus and apple fruits filled out with creamed pear. The zingy texture is still young and vibrant. With intense acidity at the end, the wine could still develop, so drink from early 2017."		91	23	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Vitallis 2014  Pouilly-Fuissé	Chardonnay	Château Vitallis
Germany	"From a vineyard possessing light, sandy-pebbly soil, this is a light-bodied Riesling. It's very fresh and delicate in style, with hints of lime and rain-water minerality."	Lamersheim Kapellenberg Kabinett Trocken	87	22	Pfalz			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Knipser 2007 Lamersheim Kapellenberg Kabinett Trocken Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Knipser
US	"Among a half-dozen Pinots released by the winery in 2012, this seems to have the most stuffing. Dense black cherry, cassis, and dark chocolate flavors carry highlights of earth, iron, graphite and tar. It's expressive, long and compact, with aging potential through at least 2025."	Big Tree Block	94	70	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Sokol Blosser 2012 Big Tree Block Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Sokol Blosser
Israel	"Deep garnet in the glass, this wine has a heady bouquet of black cherry, mocha and lavender. It is full in the mouth with supple tannins and a surprisingly refreshing acid backbone. Flavors of cherry, blueberry, espresso, chocolate and anise culminate in a cool, lingering finish with a soft floral lift."	Yarden	92	32	Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Golan Heights Winery 2012 Yarden Cabernet Sauvignon (Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Golan Heights Winery
France	"Very earthy notes precede a subdued nose of citrus zest. These tart but expressive notes open up a little more on the palate where they are joined by a rounded, if crunchy structure. There is ample freshness here but also an earthy and (for now) citrus-fruited generosity. The finish reverts to stony, earthy cleanness. This is intriguing and needs time to unfold its fruit and unusual texture. Drink 2020–2030"	Wiebelsberg Grand Cru	93	30	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Biecher & Schaal 2015 Wiebelsberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Biecher & Schaal
US	"There is lots of charm in this soft, gentle Pinot Noir. It's not an ager, but it offers some nice cherry, Dr. Pepper and spice flavors."		86	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Michael Pozzan 2010 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Michael Pozzan
US	"Soft and thick, this Syrah has simple, sugary flavors of blackberries, cherries and chocolate. Drink now."		82	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Opolo 2005 Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Opolo
France	A generous use of wood aging has given this wine a caramel flavor that lies awkwardly alongside the berry fruits. The aftertaste is dry.		84	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Lamothe Castera 2015  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Lamothe Castera
US	The 2006 vintage is not a typo—this 100% Cabernet really is more than seven years old. The wine is soft in tannins and oaky with blackberry and cherry fruit that's just beginning ?to dry out. It's an alluring wine to enjoy now.	Stagecoach Vineyard	87	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Cynthus 2006 Stagecoach Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cynthus
Chile	"Ripe, loamy cherry and blackberry aromas are moderately complex. Racy on the palate courtesy of punchy, fresh acidity, this barrel-select Syrah tastes spicy and a touch charred, with a black-fruit base. Smooth on the finish, with mild residual oak, this is elegant as a whole. Drink through 2020."	CJ's Barrel	90	42	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kingston Family 2014 CJ's Barrel Syrah (Casablanca Valley)	Syrah	Kingston Family
Italy	"This single-vineyard Barolo is fragrant, with violet, leather and underbrush aromas. The palate shows bright red-cherry flavors and layers of cinnamon and other spices. Despite the forward nature of the vintage, this actually needs a few more years to open up."	Gramolere	90	64	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fratelli Alessandria 2009 Gramolere  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Fratelli Alessandria
US	"This is a bold dry wine from one of Bonterra's biodynamically farmed vineyards, and it has plenty of tannin in the texture and an abundance of ripe black-cherry, wood smoke and baking spice flavors to fill out that firm frame. For all its power the wine is also polished and velvety enough to sip with pleasure. Best after 2020."	The McNab	92	55	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Bonterra 2013 The McNab Red (Mendocino)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Bonterra
US	"This distinctive and bold dry wine has a flavor signature that incorporates blueberry, black olive and blackberry, while filling the mouth with fine-grained tannins and full body. Those tannins and firm acidity give it a great, grippy texture and help extend the finish."		92	25	California	Fiddletown	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Easton 2014 Zinfandel (Fiddletown)	Zinfandel	Easton
France	"This shows the soft, juicy side of Malbec. No serious tannins here, just red berry fruit and fine acidity. That means it's ready to drink this winter."	Marcel	86	11	Southwest France			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Cèdre 2016 Marcel Malbec	Malbec	Château du Cèdre
Chile	"Lapostolle makes many excellent wines and quite a few good values; this Sauvignon Blanc from the warm Rapel Valley is not one of them. Like in prior years, this is bland and fleshy, with soft, wide, dull flavors of melon and sweet apple. And it's weak on acidity. 60,000 cases made."	Casa Grand Selection	83	12	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lapostolle 2012 Casa Grand Selection Sauvignon Blanc (Rapel Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Lapostolle
US	"Pale peach in color, the aromas bring bright notes of passion fruit, guava and strawberry. It drinks dry, but with plenty of kiwi and other tropical-fruit flavors bringing a sense of sweetness. Distinctly fruit forward for a rosé, it delivers a lot of appeal, despite occasionally seeming a bit weighty."	Cruel Summer	90	22	Washington	Columbia Gorge (WA)	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	The Walls 2016 Cruel Summer Rosé (Columbia Gorge (WA))	Rosé	The Walls
Chile	"Cherry aromas are dilute, and overall the bouquet on this Leyda Pinot Noir is limited. Tart, hard, medicinal red-berry flavors are nondistinct and oaky. The finish is raw, hot and lacking in fruit."	Reserve	82	15	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2013 Reserve Pinot Noir (Leyda Valley)	Pinot Noir	Santa Ema
US	"Composed, complex and complete, this mellow wine is very comfortable in its skin. Touches of oak, tobacco, dried plum and cardamom fill the aroma, and ripe but not overripe black cherry, tamarind and cola flavors flood the palate, supported by fine-grained tannins and medium-full body."	Old Vine Reserve	94	38	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Scott Harvey 2012 Old Vine Reserve Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Scott Harvey
US	"Spicy cranberry/raspberry fruit is at the heart of this bright, quaffable and value-priced wine. There's a light dusting of pepper also, but it's the fresh fruit that stands out."		87	17	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rainstorm 2013 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Rainstorm
France	"Made from grand cru Pinot Noir, this wine is beautifully balanced as well as fruity. Signs of maturity add flavors of croissants to the textured white fruits. The wine has concentration and a tight, tangy, mineral aftertaste that balances its riper side. Drink now."	Blanc de Noirs Brut	92	52	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mailly Grand Cru NV Blanc de Noirs Brut Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Mailly Grand Cru
France	"Softly fruity, the wine is warm and with gentle red-fruit flavors. It is an easy-quaffing style with just the right amount of acidity and a light caramel and spice aftertaste. Drink now."	La Sanglière	86	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Sanglière 2016 La Sanglière Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine de la Sanglière
France	"This has firm tannins, and it demonstrates the potential of its juicy fruit flavors. With its powerful structure, this is a slowly developing selection that needs at least five years in a cellar."	Sur les Grèves Clos Saint-Anne Premier Cru	91	57	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jaffelin 2010 Sur les Grèves Clos Saint-Anne Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Jaffelin
Italy	"Boasting lovely depth and great complexity, this iconic bottling opens with scents of toasted hazelnut, exotic fruit, baking spice and a balsamic note. The creamy, elegantly structured palate offers nectarine zest, ripe golden apple, pastry cream, roasted nut and a honey note alongside an ultrafine perlage."	Giulio Ferrari Riserva del Fondatore	94	130	Northeastern Italy	Trento		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ferrari 2004 Giulio Ferrari Riserva del Fondatore Chardonnay (Trento)	Chardonnay	Ferrari
Portugal	"This is a rich wine with spice from the wood aging as well as black-plum fruits. It has tannins and some concentration, giving a wine that is rich and ready to drink."	Reserva	89	20	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Padrela 2013 Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta da Padrela
France	Stephane Heurlier makes a generous yet structured wine that's full of fruit. It has plenty of spice and black currant layered with a touch of chocolate and coffee. Let the wine mature and drink from 2019.		88	15	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château la Bretonnière 2014  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château la Bretonnière
US	"Initially savory tones of bramble and dried herb dissipate to reveal delicate floral and raspberry aromas on this refreshing Pinot Noir rosé. Dry in style with crisp, cutting acidity, it's a versatile and thirst quenching summer quaffer."	Rosé of	87	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fox Run 2014 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Fox Run
US	"The lovely wines from this pioneering estate, now in the capable hands of second-generation winemaker Jason Lett, are generally priced well below any comparable efforts. Here the texture and minerality evoke surpassing elegance. Lime, grapefruit, a bite of pineapple all come into play, with the depth and balance that suggests several years of life ahead."		92	19	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	The Eyrie Vineyards 2013 Pinot Gris (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Gris	The Eyrie Vineyards
Italy	"Coconut, subtle oak, vanilla and mocha sensations take center stage on this full-bodied wine. The palate delivers plum cake, espresso, toast and licorice but it's short on fruit richness. Drink now through 2015."	Banditella	87	30	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Col d'Orcia 2010 Banditella  (Rosso di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Col d'Orcia
US	"Sunny orange and apricot aromas are accented with hints of smoke and nuts on the nose of this spry dry Riesling. The palate turns a shade zestier, suggesting cutting grapefruit and lemon dusted with pollen. It finishes long and clean."	Old West Block	89	22	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Standing Stone 2015 Old West Block Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Standing Stone
US	"Elegantly woven aromas of cassis, sandalwood and truffle show on the nose of this wine, which also includes 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, 5% Cabernet Franc, 3% Malbec and 2% Petit Verdot. The palate also combines that plummy fruit with woody spice, showing cedar and crushed pepper, creating a savory experience that makes the mouth water into the finish."	Brand Happy Canyon Vineyard	93	46	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Barrack 2013 Brand Happy Canyon Vineyard Merlot (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Merlot	Barrack
US	"The tough, earthy taste of raw mushrooms makes this Pinot less than lush. That's despite some good Lifesaver candy raspberry flavors. The grapes are from the estate vineyard, in the Petaluma Gap. Cold vintage, cool growing area, slightly unripe wine."	El Coro	86	52	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Keller 2011 El Coro Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Keller
Italy	"This one-dimensional Brunello opens with overripe black fruit aromas. The dense palate offers sweet plum and mature black raspberry layered with notes of vanilla, mocha and balsam. Reflecting the warm vintage, it's shy on intensity and energy so drink soon."		87	45	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Bonacchi 2009  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Bonacchi
US	This bold but easy-drinking wine offers a good combo of lightly spiced oak notes along with fairly generous blackberry and raspberry flavors. The texture is smooth but with a good tinge of tannin.	Old Vine Zin	88	12	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Gnarly Head 2014 Old Vine Zin Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Gnarly Head
Italy	"Straightforward and accessible, this offers aromas of rose, ripe berry and a balsamic note. The savory palate features crushed sour cherry, white pepper, clove and sage alongside buffed, rather evolved tannins."	Marvenga	88	39	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Malgrà 2009 Marvenga  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Malgrà
US	"Light in color it's composed of violet and rose petal aromas, zippy in acidity, with layered dark cherry fruit and an earthy, herbal backbone. With texture on the palate, it has a buoyancy and electricity of minerality and finishes with the slightest suggestion of anise. Only 72 cases were made."	Nunes Vineyard Ten Block	93	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	St. Rose 2011 Nunes Vineyard Ten Block Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	St. Rose
France	"Flavors of apples, pears and lemons compose this ripe, friendly wine. It has nutmeg and wood flavors along with a warm and rounded character. Drink now."		88	37	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	L. Tramier & Fils 2010  Pouilly-Fuissé	Chardonnay	L. Tramier & Fils
US	"Give this lush, rich Syrah two or three years to soften and develop in the bottle. It's a very good wine, offering impressive blackberry, blueberry and cherry-pie filling flavors, wrapped into fine acids and tannins. But it's fresh and young and will get better. Better well into 2011."	McGinley Vineyard	90	36	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Andrew Murray 2008 McGinley Vineyard Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Andrew Murray
Chile	"Solid, crisp and consistent with the previous vintage. Undurraga's T.H. from Leyda is a Sauvignon Blanc made in the oceanic, cool-climate style. It's stripped of all fat and weight; instead, it hits with tangerine, orange and a bit of green. A nice example of a streamlined, fit white wine."	T.H.	89	17	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2009 T.H. Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Undurraga
Italy	"Made with Sangiovese and small amounts of Malvasia Nera, Colorino, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of dark-skinned fruit, fragrant purple flower and dark culinary spice. Bright and juicy, the easygoing palate doles out succulent wild cherry, cinnamon and clove set against supple tannins. Drink through 2019."	Nipozzano Riserva	89	24	Tuscany	Chianti Rufina		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Marchesi de' Frescobaldi 2013 Nipozzano Riserva  (Chianti Rufina)	Red Blend	Marchesi de' Frescobaldi
Portugal	"Spicy and juicy, this is obviously a wood-aged wine. It offers tannins, red fruits, coffee and a warm, rich character balanced by acidity that cuts through the structure. It needs some aging, so drink from 2016."	Atlântico Gold Label Reserva	87	15	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade de São Miguel 2012 Atlântico Gold Label Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade de São Miguel
France	"From one of the great grand crus of Gevrey-Chambertin, this is a firm, tannic wine with great life ahead of it. Powered and dense, it's packed with black fruit that's slowly developing. It will mature evenly over many years and will be best from 2026."		95	270	Burgundy	Latricières-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	David Duband 2014  Latricières-Chambertin	Pinot Noir	David Duband
US	"Richly textured and sumptuous, this Pinot has cherry, red licorice, cola, pepper and sandalwood flavors that go on into a long, spicy finish. The tannins are silky and integrated. The wine displays the fruit forwardness of the vintage, as well as the careful viticulture of the vineyard. Lovely to drink now with steak, and it will reward cellaring until 2020 to 2022."	Cargasacchi Vineyard	93	50	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Loring Wine Company 2012 Cargasacchi Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Loring Wine Company
US	"Hartford's blended Zin is filled with exuberant aromas of jammy “Zinberry” fruit, baking spices like cinnamon and clove, bittersweet chocolate and black pepper. The vibrant mixed-berry flavors are rich and satisfying, finishing with a touch of warmth and softness."		91	34	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Hartford 1999 Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Hartford
US	"Give this Syrah a good decant to take the edge off the fresh tannins and acids. It's a gritty, resilient wine notable for its wealth of blackberry, black cherry, currant, beef jerky, anise and pepper flavors, accented with sweet, smoky, caramelized oak."	Mounts Vineyard	90	35	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			James Family Cellars 2008 Mounts Vineyard Syrah (Dry Creek Valley)	Syrah	James Family Cellars
Austria	"An intense wine that has powered, nervy acidity, lots of citrus with lime zest. The wine is still young and should be aged to become an impressive Riesling."	Kremser Pfaffenberg	91	25	Niederösterreich			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Winzer Krems 2009 Kremser Pfaffenberg Riesling (Niederösterreich)	Riesling	Winzer Krems
US	"This is a pretty taut wine that combines a rich style with good, vibrant acidity. Yet it is described as 100% fermented in stainless steel rather than oak barrels. The aromas resemble toasted baguette, butter and toasted walnut, while the flavors are like ripe apple and almonds."		87	20	California	Calaveras County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Chatom Vineyards 2013 Chardonnay (Calaveras County)	Chardonnay	Chatom Vineyards
Italy	"A fifty-fifty blend of Sangiovese and Syrah, this densely concentrated wine has aromas that suggest underbrush, wet leaves, black berries and prune. The palate delivers fleshy black cherry, raisin, black pepper, espresso, bitter dark chocolate and a sugary vanilla note alongside solid tannins. It's at its ideal drinking window so enjoy soon."	Memento	87	39	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Olivi 2008 Memento Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Olivi
Germany	"Whiffs of candle wax and lime zest accent pretty floral notes on this slightly off-dry Riesling. Flavors of yellow cherries and peach are juicy and ripe on the palate, extended through the finish with steely streaks of mineral and acid. It's an elegant wine with power and complexity."	Alte Reben Trarbacher Schlossberg	91	43	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Richard Böcking 2012 Alte Reben Trarbacher Schlossberg Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Richard Böcking
US	"Toasted popcorn kernel is the chief note. Medium in body, it bears simple pomaceous flavors and even-keeled acids."		84	18	Virginia	Virginia				Chateau Morrisette 2011 Chardonnay (Virginia)	Chardonnay	Chateau Morrisette
US	"Intriguing aromas suggest barrel spices, vanilla and green herbs, with some of the notes seeming to tussle. The plum flavors are sweet with tart acidity and lightly chalky tannins."	Limited Release	88	32	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Winery 2012 Limited Release Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Columbia Winery
US	"Dark chocolate and black cherry converge for an elegant and dense nose in this wine from the Riboli family. The palate offers an intriguing range of flavors, from blackberry to cocoa dust and black pepper. The chalky tannins still need some time to open up, but will ensure a long life."	Estate Reserve	91	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	San Simeon 2013 Estate Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	San Simeon
Italy	"Massolino delivers a beautifully compact and elegant Nebbiolo with soft layers of spice and red fruit enhanced by bright intensity, menthol layers, licorice and cherry cola. Thanks to the wine's structure and persistency, you could try a pairing with crispy roast pork."	Parussi	91	95	Piedmont	Barolo				Massolino 2007 Parussi  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Massolino
US	"This bottling is ripe and tropical but approachable on the nose, with honeydew melon, banana and nectarine aromas. There is a decent punch of acidity and noticeable texture upon first sip, veering toward sweet apple and bubblegum flavors on the finish."	Estate Vineyard	86	24	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Eberle 2015 Estate Vineyard Chardonnay (Paso Robles)	Chardonnay	Eberle
US	"This is plush and tasty, with lots of fresh, ripe fruit flavors verging on sweet, but it also has great acidity and appetizing tannins to rein in all that flavor and achieve balance. The flavors resemble raspberry, ripe red cherry and a touch of cinnamon and nutmeg. It's medium to full bodied, dry and finishes with a nice tartness."	The Coast Range	90	25	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Calista 2012 The Coast Range Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Calista
South Africa	This easy and straightforward white boasts pleasant notes of fresh apple and lemon-lime citrus throughout. The palate is lush but braced with medium acidity that lingers into the close. Enjoy it now.		87	15	Elgin			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Paul Cluver 2009 Riesling (Elgin)	Riesling	Paul Cluver
Chile	"Loads of toasty oak, some mild cherry and plum mark this Bordeaux-style blend. The fruit is a bit lean, but the wine has appeal and is reminiscent of classic Rioja in weight and balance—not dense or extracted and maybe a touch woody, but still likeable."	Maxima Claret	85	21	Maipo Valley					La Playa 1994 Maxima Claret Red (Maipo Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	La Playa
US	"This wine explodes with a glorious mix of buttered nuts, toast, ripe yellow fruits and supporting acidity. The exceptional length proposes at least a decade of development ahead. Drink now through 2025."		93	29	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Irvine Family Vineyards 2013 Chardonnay (Oregon)	Chardonnay	Irvine Family Vineyards
US	"A pleasantly rich Chardonnay, brimming with white peach, pineapple, lemon tart and buttered toast flavors. Gets better as it breathes in the glass. Drink now."	Alder Springs Vineyard	88	49	California	Mendocino				Tayson Pierce 2008 Alder Springs Vineyard Chardonnay (Mendocino)	Chardonnay	Tayson Pierce
US	"Earthy iron, game and thyme aromas decorate the core of pomegranate fruit in this California heritage clonal selection from the Sanford family's home vineyard. Dark raspberry notes follow its firm line of acidity, framed by a grippy tannic texture despite its light body. Drink 2018–2024."	Mt. Eden Clone El Jabali Vineyard	90	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Alma Rosa 2014 Mt. Eden Clone El Jabali Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Alma Rosa
US	"This G-S-M blend is solid and flavorful, with mixed berry flavors and an underpinning of graphite. The tannins are drying, on the edge of being chalky."	Cotes du Rogue	86	21	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Merrill Cellars 2010 Cotes du Rogue Red (Oregon)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Merrill Cellars
US	"With a dark, weird red-orange color, this rosé feels heavy and candied in raspberry and orange fruit. It's a little sweet."		84	18	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Merriam 2010 Rosé (Sonoma County)	Rosé	Merriam
Germany	"Smoke and crushed-stone notes lend dramatic minerality to this dry, full-bodied Riesling. The palate is juicy with grapefruit flavor, but elegantly balanced with dried savory herbs and fine, focused acidity that reverberates from start to finish."	Scharlachberg Bingen GG Erste Lage Trocken	92	71	Rheinhessen			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Rheingraf 2011 Scharlachberg Bingen GG Erste Lage Trocken Riesling (Rheinhessen)	Riesling	Rheingraf
US	"Starts with a funky smell that doesn't go away despite lots of airing. Underneath that is a very dry, very tannic and deeply flavored Zinfandel, rich in berries, cola and spices. That barnyardy smell is troubling."	Bacigalupi Vineyard	85	53	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Perception 2007 Bacigalupi Vineyard Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Perception
US	"This wine has that wonderful but hard-to-pin-down Zinfandel essence that's extremely fruity but also uniquely spicy and brambly. It blends together ripe raspberry, creamy vanilla and red cherry on a smooth, nicely viscous and very full-bodied frame that helps the finish linger."	Big Wood Zin	90	32	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Wood Family Vineyards 2014 Big Wood Zin Zinfandel (Livermore Valley)	Zinfandel	Wood Family Vineyards
US	Aromas of tobacco and spice are light and reserved. The palate offers tangy cherry flavors that persist on the finish.	Libération	87	39	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	William Grassie 2013 Libération Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	William Grassie
US	"A first-rate Pinot Noir, dry and firm in structure. There's a solid minerality girding the ripe cherry, red currant and cola fruit, while sweet oak provides an ample, but balanced, coating of vanilla and toast. Luscious now right out of the bottle, and should age for a good eight years."	Pisoni Vineyard	93	65	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Testarossa 2009 Pisoni Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Testarossa
US	"There's a reason this is one of the pricier white wines from the region. Aromas of yogurt and brie cheese are leveled by struck match, smoked grapefruit skins and sourdough. Vibrant lime pith and singed lemons fuel the palate, which further benefits from crushed oyster shell rockiness and goat cheese-like pungency. The mouth sings with remarkable acidity that will evolve. Drink 2018–2024."	Audrey Diamond T Vineyard	94	75	California	Monterey	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Talbott 2012 Audrey Diamond T Vineyard Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	Talbott
South Africa	"Two Oceans offers a friendly, vibrant sip with this Sauvignon Blanc. Tropical fruit, gooseberry, some straw on the nose and simple, fresh citrus and fleshy tropical fruit flavors give the wine complexity. A fun white with some heft."		84	9	Western Cape			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Two Oceans 2008 Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	Two Oceans
US	"Dark berry fruit, a touch of cocoa and a dusty quality show on the nose of this twist-top bottling. There is lots of tannic structure on the sip, with mouthfuls of black and purple fruit, some black pepper and a touch of bitter coffee."		86	18	California	Central Coast	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Clos LaChance 2012 Syrah (Central Coast)	Syrah	Clos LaChance
France	"This full-bodied, fleshy wine fits the typical Châteauneuf-du-Pape mold, delivering ample black-cherry and plum fruit, then layering atop hints of Mexican chocolate and baking spices. Drink now–2025."	La Sousto	92	55	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine Lucien Barrot et Fils 2013 La Sousto Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine Lucien Barrot et Fils
US	"Not sure what's going on at StoneCap, but after a couple of outstanding Merlot vintages, it seems to have lost its way in 2011. Spritzy, bitter and herbal, there's a big splash of vanilla, as if intended to cover the vegetal flavors of unripe grapes."	Estate Grown	82	10	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	StoneCap 2011 Estate Grown Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	StoneCap
US	"The aromas in this wine pop, with notes of dried herb, plum, vanilla and smoked meat. It brings a compelling sense of texture, coating the palate from end to end with exquisitely balanced fruit and savory flavors. It's a knockout at this price."	Grand Estates	91	12	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Columbia Crest 2015 Grand Estates Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Columbia Crest
US	"Made to commemorate the winery's 20th vintage, this smooth and polished effort combines choice lots from the Shea, Freedom Hill, Temperance Hill and Vista Hills vineyards. Sweet cherry fruit carries interesting suggestions of ash, smoke, anise and toasted almond, buffed and buttressed by crisp acids."	20th Anniversary Reserve	91	60	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Panther Creek 2006 20th Anniversary Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Panther Creek
US	"This thick, toasty dessert wine spent more than two years in new French oak. It works. Buttery and rich, it gains significant concentration after blowing past some volatile aromas. Toasted nuts abound, and the silky finish lingers."	Anna Maria Late Harvest	92	26	Oregon	Rogue Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Valley View 2012 Anna Maria Late Harvest Sauvignon Blanc (Rogue Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Valley View
US	"A little heavy and soft, with jelled raspberry, cola and vanilla flavors. The finish turns sugary."	Ramona Pinot Noir	83	20	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Nicholson Ranch 2006 Ramona Pinot Noir Rosé (Sonoma Valley)	Rosé	Nicholson Ranch
Italy	"Pipe and chewing tobacco appear at first and are followed by mature tones of prune, plum and dark spice. This masculine and brawny expression has the acidity to pair with deep pan pizza piled high with toppings."	Ombroso Riserva	88	45	Central Italy	Sangiovese di Romagna Superiore				Giovanna Madonia 2008 Ombroso Riserva  (Sangiovese di Romagna Superiore)	Sangiovese	Giovanna Madonia
US	"This is a lighthearted, well-crafted take on the variety made for the producer's mother, Lee. It's bright and rich simultaneously, with highlights of tropical pineapple and mango supported by crisp minerality and a refreshing finish of tangerine and lime zest."	Lee's	93	28	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	MacLaren 2014 Lee's Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	MacLaren
Italy	"Made with organic grapes, this charming young red has a delightful fragrance of blue flowers and woodland berries. The zesty palate doles out crunchy red berry and a hint of white pepper accompanied by lively acidity."		87	12	Tuscany	Chianti		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Salcheto 2013  Chianti	Red Blend	Salcheto
US	"The flavors are quite tart, tannic and leafy, and the wine gives the impression of coming from very young vines. That said, it's got snap and verve, and the fruit flavors are bright and forward, the herbal flavors clean and green. This would be an ideal poultry wine."	Three Degrees	86	20	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Maysara 2007 Three Degrees Pinot Noir (McMinnville)	Pinot Noir	Maysara
France	"Delicious and inviting with notes of eucalyptus, chocolate-covered cherries and wild raspberries on the nose. The palate exhibits darker flavors by way of black cherry and plum, fleshing out the solidly structured medium weight mouth. A moderate, evolving finish closes nicely with a kiss of sweet oak."	La Cuvée Mythique	87	15	Languedoc-Roussillon	Vin de Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Les Vignerons de la Méditerranée 2006 La Cuvée Mythique Red (Vin de Pays d'Oc)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Les Vignerons de la Méditerranée
US	"This smooth, tasty, very well-balanced wine glides over the palate and tastes like Bing cherry spiced with cinnamon and nutmeg. Fresh acidity and fine, firm tannins support the flavors well and keep the wine appetizing and mouthwatering, even in the aftertaste."	On Point Christinna's Cuvee	91	36	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Fulcrum 2013 On Point Christinna's Cuvee Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Fulcrum
US	"With Lodi fruit dominating the blend, this Cabernet is soft, sweet and simple. It has blackberry and cherry flavors."		82	14	California	California	California Other			Echelon 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Echelon
Germany	"A spray of rose petals perfumes this aromatic spätlese. Its freshness is exhilarating, contrasting lavish layers of honey and marmalade against the sharp bites of pineapple, tangerine and lemon. Cutting and spry, yet deeply penetrating, it finishes on a lingering pollen note."	Brauneberger Juffer-Sonnenuhr Spätlese Grosse Lage	92	34	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2014 Brauneberger Juffer-Sonnenuhr Spätlese Grosse Lage Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
Argentina	"Wines like this have defined and propelled Malbec mania. It's ripe, bold and firm, with welcoming berry aromas and a powerful but healthy palate of ripped black cherry, berry and cola flavors. In the mix and on the finish you'll find coffee and mocha. Drink now and over the next two years."		90	22	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Catena Zapata 2008 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Catena Zapata
Germany	"The nose of this dry Riesling is subdued with faint hints of blossom, wet stone and lime zest. The palate, however, is anything-but subdued, with ripe yellow-cherry and peach flavors that linger lusciously. Almost oily in texture, it's richly bodied, but brightened with a sheen of lemon-lime acidity."	Ürziger Würzgarten Alte Reben GG Dry	90	42	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Loosen 2012 Ürziger Würzgarten Alte Reben GG Dry Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
US	"Strawberry and watermelon highlight a light, creamy palate of vanilla and lemon peel, the freshness maintained by moderate acidity."	Pauline's Vineyard Grenache	90	24	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kokomo 2016 Pauline's Vineyard Grenache Rosé (Dry Creek Valley)	Rosé	Kokomo
US	"Heavy licorice bombards the nose on this blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Cabernet Franc, 14% Merlot, 8% Merlot and 8% Petit Verdot, but there is plenty of cassis, fudge, brandy and mint to add complexity. Solid acid and firm tannins grab the palate's attention immediately, allowing blackberry, dried herbs and a rocky minerality to converge cleanly."	Mare Nectaris Reserve	91	52	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Midnight 2013 Mare Nectaris Reserve Red (Paso Robles)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Midnight
Italy	"This structured red opens with aromas suggesting espresso, French oak, menthol, mature plum and a whiff of Asian spice. On the taut palate, hints of coffee, toast and clove accent a core of dried black cherry. Tightly wound, assertive tannins grip the finish. Give it a couple of years for the tannins to soften a little then drink up to capture the remaining fruit richness."	Il Margone Gran Selezione	89	50	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Molino di Grace 2012 Il Margone Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Il Molino di Grace
Portugal	"A young and fruity wine that is soft with gentle tannins and juicy black currant fruit flavors. It is ripe, fresh and balanced with generous acidity at the end. Drink now."	Colheita	85	12	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa de Cambres 2014 Colheita Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Casa de Cambres
US	"A rich, interesting wine at the junction between fresh, primary fruit and aged, bottled character. The blackberries and cherries are drying out, turning earthy and mushroomy. Yet the wine remains vibrant and tannic. Will continue to age for many years."	Single Vineyard Selection	88	40	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Alexander Valley Vineyards 2008 Single Vineyard Selection Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Alexander Valley Vineyards
France	"Very pure notes of Conference pear rise from the glass and promise freshness. The palate reprises the same fruitiness but streamlines it with grapefruit zest and juicy bone-dry concentration. This is bright and sprightly, energetic and invigorating, slender but packed with flavor. The finish is uncompromisingly fresh and dry."	Les Élements	93	24	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Bott-Geyl 2014 Les Élements Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Bott-Geyl
US	"This wine is lively and spicy, with cranberry and cherry flavors, juicy acidity and a strong impression of citrus. The tannins are firm and balanced, with a hint of stem showing through the finish."	Vintner's Reserve	89	15	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Samuel Robert 2015 Vintner's Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Samuel Robert
US	"The winery calls the 2007 Tikka's “less exuberant” than previous vintages; that is not necessarily a bad thing. The fruit is crisp and powerfully focused; layered with flavors of melon, green apple, Asian pear and fresh peas. Whole cluster pressed and fermented in a combination of tank and neutral barrels, this textural wine finishes with crisp, mineral accents."	Tikka's Run	88	19	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lemelson 2007 Tikka's Run Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Lemelson
Portugal	"This single-estate wine is rich and opulent. Dark tannins and generous black fruits enhance this juicy wood-aged wine. A touch of mint gives a highlight to the polished feel. It needs aging, so drink from 2017."	Quinta da Terrugem	92	26	Alentejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Aliança 2011 Quinta da Terrugem Red (Alentejo)	Portuguese Red	Caves Aliança
US	"Harsh and sharp in tannins and acids, but this is a pretty good price for a dry, full-bodied red wine with blackberry and currant flavors. Drink with rustic fare, such as burgers or pasta with sausages."		83	11	California	California	California Other			Montevina 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Montevina
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot make up three-quarters of this blend. Subtle aromas of baking spice, vanilla and cherry lead to tart well-proportioned pit-fruit flavors. It shows a fine sense of balance."	Estate Merriment	91	48	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Basel Cellars 2012 Estate Merriment Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Basel Cellars
US	"Tropical and slightly reduced, this complex wine from the famous Westside Road site is peachy and dripping in caramel. Baked apple adds to the lush, plush and richly robust palate, which finishes with balanced acidity and a taste of salty pretzel."	Bacigalupi Vineyard	92	50	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tongue Dancer 2015 Bacigalupi Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Tongue Dancer
Australia	"Clarendon Hills is best known for its Syrah and Grenache, but it is no slouch when it comes to McLaren Vale Cabernet. The 2008 Hickinbotham is full bodied and velvety in texture, with ample notes of cocoa and crisp cassis. Hints of mint and other herbal shadings give it varietal character and welcome complexity. Drink it over the next 10–12 years."	Hickinbotham	92	50	South Australia	Clarendon		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Clarendon Hills 2008 Hickinbotham Cabernet Sauvignon (Clarendon)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Clarendon Hills
Germany	"Starts off with promising aromas of struck flint, lime and passion fruit, then delivers flavors that are sweet and succulent. The ripe tropical fruit notes seem to lack the intense acids of some 2010 wines, making this a lush, easygoing wine to drink over the next few years."	Josephshöfer Spätlese	90	55	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2010 Josephshöfer Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
Chile	"Flat boysenberry and plum aromas are jammy and a bit floral. This feels clipped and rugged, with reedy plum and raspberry flavors that finish short."	Grand Reserve	84	15	Cachapoal Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Château Los Boldos 2013 Grand Reserve Syrah (Cachapoal Valley)	Syrah	Château Los Boldos
Chile	"Rubbery and gassy at first, with a ton of barrel power that pushes charred aromas onto the nose. Feels correct and well-balanced, with honest Pinot flavors of red fruits, herbs and baked earth. Tastes and feels harmonious."	Wild Ferment	89	28	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Errazuriz 2010 Wild Ferment Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Errazuriz
Mexico	"Initially this Cab smells grassy and downright green, yet berry aromas rise up after time in the glass. An awkward, heavy palate is home to heavily oaked berry flavors that finish creamy and thick."		83	27	Valle de Guadalupe			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Vena Cava 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Valle de Guadalupe)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Vena Cava
Spain	"This shimmering barrel-fermented blend of 75% Viura and 25% Tempranillo Blanco opens with stable aromas of apple, butter and fresh corn. An elegant fairly light palate delivers a mix of dry oak, nectarine, peach and apple flavors. This is lithe and comfortable on the finish, with modest but noticeable residual oak."	Blanco Fermentado en Barrica	89	21	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Otano 2015 Blanco Fermentado en Barrica White (Rioja)	White Blend	Viña Otano
US	"Eyrie is back in stride with this benchmark pinot gris after a sub-par '99 bottling. Fresh flavors of lemon zest and pear highlight a subtle wine whose subtle spice and zesty complexity promise a long,  pleasing life ahead."		91	15	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	The Eyrie Vineyards 2000 Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	The Eyrie Vineyards
Italy	This blend of Uva di Troia and Negroamaro shows sophisticated tones of toasted nut and spice behind the notes of ripe fruit and prune. The mouthfeel is soft and smooth.	Quarto Ducale Riserva	90	24	Southern Italy	Rosso di Cerignola				Torre Quarto 2007 Quarto Ducale Riserva  (Rosso di Cerignola)	Red Blend	Torre Quarto
Chile	"Gritty, herbal aromas of generic berry don't exactly draw you in. The palate on this rudimentary Cab is rather weak in structure, with herbal, slightly salty flavors of dry, generic berry fruits."		83	10	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Nicolas 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Curicó Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	San Nicolas
US	"Brian Loring's bottling does this excellent vineyard justice, offering aromas of pear, apple and white peach laced together with buttercream and crushed vanilla. The palate offers buttered nectarines at first, and then unwinds into bright acidity and a line of chalkiness."	Rosella's Vineyard	92	40	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Loring Wine Company 2013 Rosella's Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Loring Wine Company
US	"This is a structured, full-bodied, generously layered wine, named for the soil in which its grapevines are grown. This is primarily on hillsides, where the fruit takes on a brooding quality of spiciness and texture. Baked cherry, cranberry and rose petals stand out most, as additional nuances of earthiness come into play in the glass."	Altamont	93	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dehlinger 2013 Altamont Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dehlinger
Argentina	"Light, uncommitted aromas of pear and lemon lead to a modest palate that offers fleshy melon and pear flavors. Everything about this wine is mild, including the finish, which offers little besides vanilla and cream flavors."		84	9	Other	Argentina		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	San Huberto 2011 Chardonnay (Argentina)	Chardonnay	San Huberto
Portugal	"This is not a shy wine—it is concentrated and powerful, with ripe tannins and dense black fruits. Coming from vineyards in the Douro Superior, this shows the region's the heat and harsh growing conditions, giving a compact, firm wine with a mineral texture to balance the juicy fruits. It will need several years, so drink from 2017."	Quinta da Fronteira Reserva	91	40	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Companhia das Quintas 2012 Quinta da Fronteira Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Companhia das Quintas
France	"This wine from the most northerly of the Côte d'Or appellations is a blend from multiple growers. It has red cherry and plum fruit with a fresh streak, typical of the vintage. Underlying firm tannins will sustain it as it ages. Drink from 2018."		90	39	Burgundy	Marsannay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Jadot 2014  Marsannay	Pinot Noir	Louis Jadot
US	"The first Reserve released by Parducci, this is dripping with bright cherry and strawberry flavors, and it has an earthy undertone. A trace of spice lingers on the palate."	Reserve	85	33	California	Anderson Valley		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Parducci 2010 Reserve Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Parducci
Portugal	"Fresh fruits, flavors of bright red berries, with juicy plums and a wild acidity. This is a wine for drinking now, approachable with a sweet, soft aftertaste."	Monte Velho Tinto	84	9	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Herdade do Esporão 2007 Monte Velho Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Herdade do Esporão
Italy	"This expression of Chardonnay from Abruzzo in Central Italy delivers amazing intensity and opulence, but what sets this particular vintage apart is the purity of its aromas. The drying mineral note in particular appears vibrant and fresh and gives backbone to the whole wine. Long-lasting flavors of apricot, honey and almond cap the finish."	Marina Cvetic'	93	60	Central Italy	Colline Teatine				Masciarelli 2007 Marina Cvetic' Chardonnay (Colline Teatine)	Chardonnay	Masciarelli
US	"This very expensive release is one of the rare examples of Chardonnay that absolutely requires bottle age. Dry and leesy now, with a mineral compactness, it shows a rich core of baked peach, spiced apple, butterscotch and smoky honey. As it warms in the glass, it develops great flavor and textural complexities. Should come into its own by 2009, and improve for many years after."	Ambassador's 1953 Vineyard	96	180	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Hanzell 2005 Ambassador's 1953 Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Hanzell
US	"This exudes funky aromas, suggesting sweaty leather. In the mouth it turns softly sweet and hot in alcohol."		82	27	California	Solano County Green Valley	North Coast			Rock Wren 2008 Syrah (Solano County Green Valley)	Syrah	Rock Wren
Italy	"New oak takes the limelight in this blend of 90% Montepulciano and 10% Sangiovese. The palate is dominated by wood, espresso, toast and vanilla alongside rubber, leafy sensations. It lacks fruit richness and has a drying, astringent finish."	Lailum	84	22	Central Italy	Rosso Piceno		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria Laila 2010 Lailum  (Rosso Piceno)	Red Blend	Fattoria Laila
US	"Reminiscent of baked apple tart, opulent fruit provides richness and concentration equally buoyed by lemony acidity. Vanilla and honey make appearances on the palate before structured crispness forms on the finish. The wine is a blend from the Sangiacomo and Rodgers Creek vineyards."	Damaris Reserve	92	35	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Landmark 2013 Damaris Reserve Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Landmark
US	"This is rich and dense in blackberry and cherry jam, currant, mocha, anise and smoky cedar flavors. The mountain tannins are strong but refined, and the finish is long and spicy. It's a Bordeaux blend based on Cabernet Sauvignon, but be forewarned: It's high in alcohol."	Stagecoach Vineyard Synchrony	93	90	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Krupp Brothers 2009 Stagecoach Vineyard Synchrony Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Krupp Brothers
US	"This is a basic white wine with a few quirks. It smells floral and appley, and tastes quite dry and a bit sharp while carrying a candylike marshmallow note."		81	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Alias 2013 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Alias
Chile	"Green, mildly vegetal and lightly tropical, with a tangy, acid-driven palate and citrusy, sharp flavors of grapefruit, tangerine and orange. Quick on the finish but sizzling, with an abundance of mouth-washing acidity. Very food friendly even toward the end of its prescribed lifespan."	Tributo	87	20	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Caliterra 2009 Tributo Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Caliterra
Italy	"Firmly structured, this opens with aromas of white truffle, forest floor, baking spice and red berry aromas accented with a whiff of sage and rosemary. On the palate, notes of white pepper, grilled herbs and tobacco accent the black cherry core while a backbone of assertive but refined tannins provide the framework."	Rocche di Castelletto	93	65	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cascina Chicco 2011 Rocche di Castelletto  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Chicco
US	"Registering well over 16% abv, this blended Syrah nonetheless retains its complexity and avoids excesses of heat or barrel. In the blend are Mourvèdre and Merlot, adding some herbal highlights to the bright blueberry fruit flavors. This will benefit from another couple of years of bottle age."		88	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	:Nota Bene 2009 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	:Nota Bene
Chile	"Melon and candied aromas are sweet, and soon some toasty oak enters the fray. Flavors of candy corn, ripe apples and mango get a boost from the oak, and overall the feel is properly zesty and not too resiny or milky. Definitely a true-blue Chilean Chardonnay with tropical sweetness, so don't expect a facsimile of Burgundy when you twist off the screwcap."	Tribute	86	17	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Caliterra 2006 Tribute Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Caliterra
France	"A fruity wine full of red-berry flavors. This fruitiness is balanced by the light tannins and juicy acidity, producing a wine that is ready to drink."		87	23	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Labadie 2013  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Labadie
US	"The Heintz Vineyard is on the outskirts of the AVA, really pushing toward the coast, with the expected cool-climate characteristics of fresh acidity and complex, savory tones. This wine wows in every way, from its notes of exotic coconut meat and apple pie to its tang of Meyer lemon, all accented by bergamot and anise. The spice rides a wave of body and length toward the finish, alongside an unmistakable streak of minerality. Hold through 2024."	Heintz Vineyard	96	58	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Williams Selyem 2014 Heintz Vineyard Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Williams Selyem
Germany	"Slightly funky and leesy on the nose, with somewhat sweaty overtones to the citrus and apple aromas. But the flavors are pure, suggesting that the aromatics just need some time to come around—or a quick decanting. It's medium in body, with a crisp, tangy finish that artfully balances sweet and tart."	Brauneberger Juffer Kabinett	88	27	Mosel-Saar-Ruwer			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Willi Haag 2007 Brauneberger Juffer Kabinett Riesling (Mosel-Saar-Ruwer)	Riesling	Willi Haag
France	Classic aromas of cassis and black cherries dominate this impressive effort from the south of France. Sinewy tannins and good concentration make for a fine balance in the mouth while notes of earth and mineral persist on the finish. Drink up.	Cabernet Sauvignon de Pennautier	85	10	Languedoc-Roussillon	Vin de Pays d'Oc				Château de Pennautier 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon de Pennautier Cabernet Sauvignon (Vin de Pays d'Oc)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Château de Pennautier
France	"Dominated by tannins, this is a firm, solid and chunky wine. Black plum skins, juicy blackberries are layered over a dry, dark core. There is a hint of the 12 months' wood aging, but the wine is more about the rich fruit. Drink from 2014."	Le Mignon	87	27	Southwest France	Côtes de Duras		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine les Hauts de Riquets 2011 Le Mignon Red (Côtes de Duras)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Domaine les Hauts de Riquets
Italy	"Made with 75% Corvina and 25% Corvinone grapes—organically grown and dried for 90 days—this opens with aromas of raisins, ripe plum and black pepper. The robust palate offers black currant, licorice, nutmeg and tobacco alongside close-grained tannins. Drink through 2022."	Morar	90	69	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Valentina Cubi 2010 Morar  (Amarone della Valpolicella)	Red Blend	Valentina Cubi
France	"This is crisp and lemony, with intense acidity. It has a spicy note that gives the wine an exotic character, enhanced by lychee fruit. The wine is full in the mouth, really fruity and crisp at the end."	La Combe	90	35	Provence	Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Roquefeuille 2016 La Combe Rosé (Côtes de Provence Sainte-Victoire)	Rosé	Château Roquefeuille
France	"From a château that has vineyards in both Blaye and Bourg, this wine is redolent of black currant, both on the nose and on the palate. The wood and tannins lend support, giving plenty of space for the ripe fruitiness and juicy acidity. Drink from 2020."		89	21	Bordeaux	Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Métairie Neuve 2015  Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Métairie Neuve
US	"Candied cherries, black plums, dried sage scrub and turned earth show on the nose of this bottling, which offers more rustic flair than other Zins. Once sipped, waves of crushed oregano, marjoram and dill take over, followed by red plum and touches of baked raspberry and boysenberry fruit."	Sias Cuvee	88	29	California	Carmel Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Joullian 2013 Sias Cuvee Zinfandel (Carmel Valley)	Zinfandel	Joullian
Chile	"Rich and complex from the start, the nose and palate of this wine feature a fruit melange of mango, melon, banana wrapped in nicely integrated oak. For some, the acid may be a touch high but this keeps the wine bright and crisp, and sustains this fairly full, barrel-fermented wine’s long finish."	Reserva de la Familia	90	15	Maipo Valley					Santa Carolina 1998 Reserva de la Familia Chardonnay (Maipo Valley)	Chardonnay	Santa Carolina
Spain	"Ripe black-fruit aromas are schisty and suggestive of burnt toast. An edgy fresh agile palate is a touch choppy, while flavors of peppery black fruits and desert herbs and brush finish crisp, focused and not too heavy. Drink through 2024."	Mas Mallola	92	50	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marco Abella 2011 Mas Mallola Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Marco Abella
France	"From selected parcels at Sainte-Roseline, this is a concentrated and serious rosé. It has weight and rich strawberry fruit, balanced by attractive acidity. The aftertaste brings in ripe fruit and a touch of spice."	Cuvée Prieure	89	38	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Sainte Roseline 2011 Cuvée Prieure Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château Sainte Roseline
US	"This soft, sweet, oaky Cabernet will appeal to those who like the New World style. It's as puffy as a dessert concoction, with cherry, chocolate, nougat and cinnamon spice flavors, and is ready to drink now."	Reserve	86	69	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Cobblestone 2006 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cobblestone
US	"From a great site in this cool appellation, this wine shines with a powerful grip of ripe cherry and strawberry fruit and earthy undertones of dried herb and cardamom cola. Layered and dense, it has a seductively smooth texture and bite of minerality."	Chenoweth Vineyard	91	50	California	Green Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ziata 2014 Chenoweth Vineyard Pinot Noir (Green Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ziata
Chile	"Pungent, feline aromas of nettle and passion fruit are sharp and uric. This feels narrow and angular, with racy acidity. Flavors of passion fruit, grapefruit, bell pepper and cactus pad finish with pink-grapefruit sharpness and pithy bitterness."	Gran Reserva Corte	86	18	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Luz 2015 Gran Reserva Corte Sauvignon Blanc (Leyda Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Santa Luz
Germany	"Loosen's Grosses Gewächs bottling from old vines is plump, custardy and slightly sweet-tasting, buoyed by ample ripe apple and peach flavors and tinged with hints of lime, fern fronds and crushed stone. It might well have been more impressive served in a different (sweeter) flight; in this context it seemed slightly soft."	Ürziger Würzgarten Alte Reben GG Trocken	87	42	Mosel			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Dr. Loosen 2009 Ürziger Würzgarten Alte Reben GG Trocken Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Loosen
US	"Just slightly dilute, but well-made in every other way, this gentle wine is true to variety with flavors of melon and strawberry, hints of citrus and a dusting of cinnamon spice. It has the gentle elegance of village Burgundy, at a comparable cost."		89	28	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Paul O'Brien 2013 Pinot Noir (Umpqua Valley)	Pinot Noir	Paul O'Brien
US	"Aromatically inviting, with notes of fresh apple, honeydew and white blossoms, this Chardonnay is a bit confected on the palate from candied, overripe flavors of apples and quince. It's a shade off-dry in style with soft, lemony acidity."		83	12	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Nearly Naked 2012 Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Nearly Naked
Italy	"Rose petal, perfumed berry pressed powder and sweet cake spice aromas lead the way. The vibrant palate offers crunchy red cherry, raspberry, white pepper, grilled herb and tobacco alongside fresh acidity and assertive tannins. Drink 2019–2029."	Gabutti	93	65	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Sordo 2011 Gabutti  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Sordo
US	"Bright red fruit stars in this classically made wine, which is full bodied and quite concentrated in flavor. A moderate structure supports flavors of cassis and currant, accented in toasty oak and bay laurel. The tannins are lush and plush."		90	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Merryvale 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Merryvale
US	"Lavish streaks of butter, vanilla and baking spice fatten this opulent Chardonnay. It's unabashedly oaky in style but fresh lemon acidity lends elegance to the midpalate. Finishes briskly."		87	17	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Millbrook 2013 Chardonnay (New York)	Chardonnay	Millbrook
US	"Vivid black cherry lights up the aroma and floods the flavors of this full-bodied, expressive wine. Attractive nuances of rhubarb and clove add complexity. The purity of fruit and absence of obvious oak give great focus and brightness that continue through the lingering finish. It will be best after 2018."	La Reine	94	42	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Shane Wines 2013 La Reine Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Shane Wines
Israel	"A blend of 40% each Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, 10% Petit Verdot, 4% Cabernet Franc, and 3% each Mourvèdre and Grenache, this wine is made from grapes that are dried for 50 days prior to fermentation. The finished wine is aged in barrel for 40 months prior to bottling, yet it is surprisingly soft in the mouth and equal parts smooth and bright. Aromas of raspberry, black plum and maple give way to flavors of strawberry, cranberry sauce, maple-cured meat and rose petal."	The Great Amarolo	90	120	Israel			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Alexander 2009 The Great Amarolo Red (Israel)	Red Blend	Alexander
US	"Rich and oaky, with brisk acidity framing delicious flavors of pineapple custard, buttered toast and crème brûlée. Elegant and impressive for drinking now."		90	27	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Lincourt 2008 Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Lincourt
France	"Produced from vineyards around the chateau Gilles Pedini took over in 2011, this is warm and ripe wine. It balances rich red-berry fruits with acidity to give a crisp edge to a smooth wine. With intense fruitiness and a delicious aftertaste, this is a great food wine, ready to drink now."	Clos du Château	91	24	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Clos Gautier 2016 Clos du Château Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine Clos Gautier
Austria	"The lyra system of training vines is designed to give the fruit maximum exposure. With that and the vines' placement on the steep Heiligenstein hill, it's no surprise that this wine is ripe and rich. Perfumed, intense and generous, this will age for many years."	Zöbinger Heiligenstein Erste Lage Lyra Reserve	95	71	Kamptal			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bründlmayer 2011 Zöbinger Heiligenstein Erste Lage Lyra Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Bründlmayer
France	"This is the rare Côtes du Rhône that needs cellaring, but it is sourced from a patch of 50-year-old vines near Sorgues. Ground cinnamon and clove, fine leather and just enough cherry fruit mingle to create a compelling, medium-bodied wine framed by fine-grained tannins. Drink 2017–2022, possibly beyond."	Cuvée Maclura	90	20	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château Pégau 2013 Cuvée Maclura Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Château Pégau
Italy	"This simple Nebbiolo retains a floral, strawberry character but is already losing its youthful charm and freshness. Drink now."		85	25	Piedmont	Nebbiolo d'Alba		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Negretti 2009  Nebbiolo d'Alba	Nebbiolo	Negretti
Italy	"Crushed violet, woodland berry, eucalyptus and cake spice aromas meld in the glass. The structured palate doles out dried black cherry, licorice, espresso and white pepper alongside tight, fine-grained tannins. It closes on a note of chopped sage. Drink 2017–2022."	Manzola	91	40	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Nada Fiorenzo 2011 Manzola  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Nada Fiorenzo
Italy	"Fermented in oak casks, this opens with tropical fruit, graphite and white pepper aromas. On the lively, medium-bodied palate, candied nectarine and vanilla notes back up ripe pear fruit while a flinty mineral hint marks the close."	Monte San Piero	89	24	Veneto	Soave Superiore		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Sandro de Bruno 2013 Monte San Piero  (Soave Superiore)	White Blend	Sandro de Bruno
France	"Full of raspberry fruits but also with some structure, this is a ready-to-drink apéritif wine. Lively acidity give it a crisp aftertaste."	Nuit Blanche en Provence	87	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Mas de Cadenet 2013 Nuit Blanche en Provence Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Mas de Cadenet
US	"What a powerfully lovely, lilting and blockbuster of a wine this is. Seamless in baked rhubarb and a velvety texture it never stops impressing, allowing for nuanced explosions of black cherry and Asian spice to coat the palate and become more complex the longer each sip lingers. Deliciously drinkable now, the wine will take on additional wow factor over time."	Champ de Mars	95	65	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dehlinger 2013 Champ de Mars Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dehlinger
Austria	"A full, yeasty wine, this has gentle acidity, with a touch of smokiness as well as a note of apple It feels full, without the necessary crispness."	Extra Brut	85	44	Österreichischer Sekt			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bründlmayer NV Extra Brut Sparkling (Österreichischer Sekt)	Sparkling Blend	Bründlmayer
US	"Aromas of struck match, seared lemon, roasted apples and a touch of butterscotch prove clean and not overpowering. This is a very straight-ahead Chardonnay, with lemon fruit, chalk and noticeable oak influence."		86	12	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Estancia 2013 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Estancia
France	"There's a richness to the bouquet of this rosé, with fruit-forward aromas of ripe red cherry and plum. The palate offers a pleasant seam of acidity, lifting the slightly creamy mouthfeel. It finishes fresh, with lingering hints of citrus rind and tart cherry. Drink now."		86	11	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Le Grand Noir 2014 Rosé (Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	Le Grand Noir
Spain	"Aromas of candied cherry, leather and tire rubber require some patience and swirling. This Tempranillo feels grabby and pinched, with roasted, almost burnt black-fruit flavors. Salty toasty notes carry a hard but sturdy finish."	Menguante	85	10	Northern Spain	Cariñena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viñedos y Bodegas Pablo 2015 Menguante Tempranillo (Cariñena)	Tempranillo	Viñedos y Bodegas Pablo
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon makes up half of this wine, with the balance Merlot (31%), Malbec (15%) and Cabernet Franc. Barrel notes of vanilla and baking spice are up front, followed by herb and dark fruit tones that are backed by lively acidity. It currently drinks very tight. Give it some time in the cellar or an extended decant. Best after 2020."	Apogee Pepper Bridge Vineyard	90	55	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	L'Ecole No. 41 2014 Apogee Pepper Bridge Vineyard Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	L'Ecole No. 41
US	"Stoller offers fine value across its entire portfolio. This is solidly crafted and estate-grown, from the heart of the Dundee Hills AVA. There's a gentle touch of new oak, among a flavorful mix of strawberries, cherries and oranges. The moderate alcohol signals a balanced wine with ample acidity. Drink now through 2022."		90	30	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Stoller 2015 Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Stoller
Germany	"Lemon rind and fresh, green herbs add a flash of elegance to this dry, intensely textural Riesling. It's lush and rich with stonefruit flavor, but bristles on the palate with lime pith and jasmine tea astringency. Sunny and bright, but brisk with acidity."	Piesporter Goldtröpfchen GG Trocken	92	64	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt 2010 Piesporter Goldtröpfchen GG Trocken Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Reichsgraf von Kesselstatt
France	"Meaty aromas lead on the nose of this wine, with additional supporting notes of red cherry, black pepper and curing spice. It's easy on the palate, with medium yet fleeting tannins and balanced alcohol. The finish is fully loaded with spice, ending quite peppery."	Roc Gris	87	23	Languedoc-Roussillon	Côtes du Roussillon Villages		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Les Vignerons de Tautavel Vingrau 2010 Roc Gris Red (Côtes du Roussillon Villages)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Les Vignerons de Tautavel Vingrau
France	"This organically grown wine celebrates lavender, used for perfumes and other famous products from Provence. Soft and gently fruity with attractive strawberry flavors plus a touch of spice, the wine is immediately drinkable as an apéritif."	Lavandelle	85	13	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Pierre Chavin 2015 Lavandelle Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaines Pierre Chavin
US	"Sourced from a so-called “mystery clone” that may have originally arrived in Charles Coury's suitcase back in 1964, this unique old-vine bottling offers exceptional details of dusty cocoa, baking spices, cola, minerals and iron filings. The brambly berry fruits are not at all overwhelmed, just balanced out with the structure for aging. Drink now through 2025."	Coury	92	60	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hyland 2012 Coury Pinot Noir (McMinnville)	Pinot Noir	Hyland
US	"This is spicy and varietally specific, with sharp, tight, bright red berry flavors and a peppery finish. Made in a forward, fruit-powered style, it should be enjoyed while the youthful exuberance is there in full bloom. In   the very back of the finish are hints of smoked meat."		89	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tamarack Cellars 2005 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Tamarack Cellars
France	"From the major Loire producer, this fresh and fruity wine shows the light touch of the region. With red-currant fruit sliced right through with acidity, the wine is lightly textured and ready to drink."	La Petite Perrière	85	14	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Saget la Perrière 2015 La Petite Perrière Rosé (Vin de France)	Rosé	Saget la Perrière
South Africa	"This bright and well-balanced sparkler leads with attractive aromas of fresh lemon and orange slices, lightly toasted brioche and subtle fynbos herbs. The palate is creamy and smooth, with crisp acidity and medium carbonation that lifts and refreshes the finish. Delicious now, or hold through 2017 for a more mature character and additional depth."	Premier Cuvée Blanc de Blancs Brut Méthode Cap Classique	89	26	Robertson			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Graham Beck 2009 Premier Cuvée Blanc de Blancs Brut Méthode Cap Classique Chardonnay (Robertson)	Chardonnay	Graham Beck
France	"This is a gentle and easy-going Chardonnay. It is soft, lightly buttery and conveys apricot and ripe pear flavors. The aftertaste just touches on acidity."		85	10	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Café du Midi 2015 Chardonnay (Vin de France)	Chardonnay	Café du Midi
US	"Too acidic for comfort, with a harsh bite that's almost vinegary. Too bad, because the underlying cherry and cola flavors are just fine."	Numbers	83	75	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Adrian Fog 2007 Numbers Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Adrian Fog
US	"From an extreme coastal vineyard three miles north of Cambria comes this exciting wine. Green and Kalamata olives show on the nose, along with crystallized cherry, juniper, fig, unripe strawberry and Mediterranean spice. It explodes with acidic life on the palate, where underripe cherry and tart strawberry flavors mix with green peppercorns, forest underbrush, wet gravel and thyme."	Steiner Creek Vineyard	93	48	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Presqu'ile 2013 Steiner Creek Vineyard Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Presqu'ile
US	"Simple, forward flavors of vanilla syrup and fresh-cut tobacco seem to define the Milbrandt lineup. A tart berry flavor and chocolaty tannins make for a supple, flavorful Merlot."	Traditions	87	15	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Milbrandt 2009 Traditions Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Milbrandt
US	"A blend of mostly Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot, this opaque wine is light bodied and lean, expressive in clove and toasty oak."	Tectonic	85	30	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Geyser Peak 2012 Tectonic Red (Alexander Valley)	Red Blend	Geyser Peak
France	"This wine smells yeasty, a character that follows through on the palate. It is soft and round, conveying ripe red fruits without freshness. It reveals bitter acidity at the end."		83	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Recougne 2014 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Recougne
Spain	"Bready, yeasty, oxidized aromas open this up. In the mouth, this is elegant to an extent, with residual acidity keeping things alive. Flavors of white grapefruit finish round and smooth."	Reserva Brut	88	15	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mont-Ferrant 2008 Reserva Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Mont-Ferrant
US	"Tempranlillo is not the most common base for California rosé, but this might change some minds. It veers into the orange spectrum of pink color, and smells like a grapefruit spritzer. On the palate, there's lemon bar, almond paste, and bubblegum, but any perceived sweetness is wiped away by brisk acidity and a slightly bitter quality too. The layers of flavor are impressive."	Indie	89	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	ONX 2013 Indie Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	ONX
France	"With the high alcohol typical of 2010 vintage, this is a ripe, jammy and full wine. Black plums ooze richness against a background of firm tannins and acidity that will allow the wine to age. It is dense, concentrated and powerful, needing some time. Drink from 2018."		91	39	Bordeaux	Puisseguin Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Beauséjour 2010  Puisseguin Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Beauséjour
Canada	"This includes 13% Gamay in the blend and spent 13 months in 15% new French oak. It's a modest wine, with cranberry and tart raspberry fruit. It has good focus, a dash of pepper and more substance to the finish than you might expect. Two-hundred cases were exported to the U.S."		87	20	Ontario	Niagara Escarpment		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cave Spring 2015 Pinot Noir (Niagara Escarpment)	Pinot Noir	Cave Spring
US	"Coming from one of the state's premier Syrah vineyards, this warm-vintage wine seems aromatically quiet, with light aromas of funk, earth, red berries and coffee. Flavors are generous and ripe, with the alcohol occasionally poking out."	Boushey Vineyard	89	45	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	àMaurice 2014 Boushey Vineyard Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	àMaurice
Italy	"Sleek by Amarone standards, this opens with aromas of ripe black cherry, ground pepper, raisin and a whiff of blue flower. On the palate, finely woven tannins support raspberry jam, black pepper, cocoa and a cinnamon note."		93	65	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tedeschi 2011  Amarone della Valpolicella	Red Blend	Tedeschi
Italy	"A traditional blend of Chardonnay (72%) and Pinot Nero, this luminous sparkling wine offers yeasty tones of fresh bread, mature apricot and caramel. It has good density and length and is perfect for the festive holiday season."	Gran Cuvée Brut	90	70	Lombardy	Franciacorta				Bellavista 2004 Gran Cuvée Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Bellavista
US	"This primarily barrel-fermented and barrel-aged Chardonnay offers toasty oak on the nose and a palate rounded out by expressive fruit. Soft and friendly, it has a lingering finish but is not overly complex. Pair wth game birds and seafood."	Acte 12 of Sixteen Nineteen	84	16	Virginia	Virginia		Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	The Williamsburg Winery 2006 Acte 12 of Sixteen Nineteen Chardonnay (Virginia)	Chardonnay	The Williamsburg Winery
Italy	"Made with 70% Nebbiolo and 30% Vespolina, this vibrant red offers enticing, ethereal scents of perfumed berry, fragrant blue flower, aromatic herb and a whiff of cedar. The mid-weight, luminous palate delivers crushed red cherry, raspberry, cinnamon and white pepper. Racy acidity lifts the finish while polished tannins provides support."	Barton	90	30	Piedmont	Fara		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Gilberto Boniperti 2012 Barton  (Fara)	Nebbiolo	Gilberto Boniperti
US	"Ripe, jammy fruit marks this polished young Cabernet. It's rich in cherries and red licorice, with a sweet liqueur potency and an umami intensity suggesting salty smoked meats. The tannins are considerable in this muscular wine, which suggests aging for five or six years."		92	85	California	St. Helena	Napa			Anomaly 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Anomaly
Italy	"Aromas of mature black fruit, tobacco and a hint of leather lead the nose on this structured blend of Sangiovese and 15% Alicante Bouschet, Merlot and Cabernet. The palate delivers dried cherry, licorice and espresso alongside tightly knit, chewy tannins."	Mandorlaia Riserva	88	34	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Massi di Mandorlaia 2011 Mandorlaia Riserva  (Morellino di Scansano)	Red Blend	Massi di Mandorlaia
US	"Marked by oak and thick, dark blue fruit, this wine also conveys a buoyant softness and prettiness. The study in yin and yang characteristics starts with a bang and develops complexity in the glass."	Semper Silver Eagle Vineyard	90	85	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tuck Beckstoffer 2010 Semper Silver Eagle Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Tuck Beckstoffer
France	"Bright and juicy, this is a fresh, red-fruited wine, ripe and fragrant. The tannic element is almost an afterthought."		85	33	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Ricaud 2010  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Ricaud
US	"Aaron Jackson blends extreme coastal vineyards from Cayucos, Cambria, Pismo Beach and San Simeon into this wondrous wine, which shows blackberries, black cherries, damp fennel and wisps of blood on the nose. Mashed plums and Bing cherries emerge on the palate, along with black olives, elderflowers and a coyote brush grip."	SeaFarer	93	38	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Aequorea 2013 SeaFarer Pinot Noir (San Luis Obispo County)	Pinot Noir	Aequorea
US	"With fresh, pure fruit flavors, great balance and very full body, this wine will be great at the table. It has a dry but velvety feel, moderate tannins and good acidity, all of which lift up the great cherry and boysenberry nuances and give an overall impression of freshness."	Story Vineyard	93	40	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Renwood 2013 Story Vineyard Zinfandel (Amador County)	Zinfandel	Renwood
France	"Touches of crushed purple violets add depth and interest to the brambly black berry and raspberry core of this lush wine. Hints of menthol and charred oak dance in the background, with flavors of cherry skin and blackberry taking centerstage on the solidly structured palate."	Coast Select	87	11	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Fortant 2016 Coast Select Cabernet Sauvignon (Pays d'Oc)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fortant
France	"A smooth, superripe wine, full of the sweetest fruit, big and rich. It is opulent, a powerhouse of dense Merlot fruits, rounded out with soft tannins."		92	265	Bordeaux	Pomerol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Clinet 2009  Pomerol	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Clinet
France	"From a two-acre parcel of vines planted in 1950, this is a finely perfumed, rich wine. It has generous red fruits and an equally opulent ripe character. The tannins are there—a dry layer that is supporting the spice—as is a firm solid texture. Drink this wine (which is still developing) from 2019."	Vieilles Vignes	92	65	Burgundy	Gevrey-Chambertin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roche de Bellene 2014 Vieilles Vignes  (Gevrey-Chambertin)	Pinot Noir	Roche de Bellene
France	"Smooth, perfumed and elegant, this Cabernet Franc-dominated wine has rounded tannins, layered acidity and a dark power of ripe tannins. It is both concentrated and fresh, a great combination."		94	150	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Le Dôme 2008  Saint-Émilion	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Le Dôme
US	"This is a full-bodied and full-flavored wine with rich and deep aromas, ripe fruit flavors and a texture that feels substantial but polished. It starts with black cherry and woodsy aromas, then goes to lively but broad cherry, plum and nutmeg notes. The finish stays flavorful and dry."	Charles Vineyard	90	44	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	The Withers Winery 2013 Charles Vineyard Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	The Withers Winery
US	"Diffuse and herbal, this has a slightly rustic bent, with overall herbaceousness. It smoothes out through the finish, though generally it just seems thin and under-ripe."	Hirschy Vineyard	85	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Wildewood 2013 Hirschy Vineyard Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Wildewood
US	"A seductive blend of Petite Sirah, Carignane, Zinfandel, Syrah, Barbera, Alicante Bouschet and Mourvèdre, this wine sourced from old-vine grapes conveys an old-world sensibility. Juicy berry pie and black pepper surround a soft, structured core, finishing with a sprinkling of cinnamon."	Besieged Old Vine California Heritage Varietals	88	16	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ravenswood 2013 Besieged Old Vine California Heritage Varietals Red (Sonoma County)	Red Blend	Ravenswood
US	"With flavors of black pepper, sweet charred meat, blackberry jam and toasty oak, this is a seriously good wine, reminiscent of the Northern Rhône. There's a streak of tart red cherries and cola that make this luscious wine enjoyable now."	Nefarious	89	36	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Asuncion Ridge 2010 Nefarious Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Asuncion Ridge
US	"Spicy aromas of cedar and pepper are joined by warm notes of black currant and blackberry. Velvet tannins are well integrated on the palate, with flavors of baking spice, pepper and cedar alongside fruit notes of black currant and black cherry. The tannins linger on the finish, with more baking spice and cherry balanced by ample acidity."		87	35	Colorado	Colorado		Fiona Adams	@bkfiona	Creekside Cellars 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Colorado)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Creekside Cellars
US	"Made from the classic Bordeaux varieties, this polished, supple wine is pretty tannic, but it's fine for drinking now. It shows a concentration of blackberry and black currant flavors, with a liqueur-sweet intensity that leads into a long finish."	Estate Grown	91	60	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Trefethen 2009 Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon (Oak Knoll District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Trefethen
US	"Similar to the winery's previous efforts, this is a soft, sweet and simple Chardonnay. The orange, apricot, vanilla and buttered toast flavors are good, but the wine lacks structure."		84	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Ca' Momi 2012 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Ca' Momi
Spain	"Blackberry, cherry and earthy aromas are backed by a secondary wave of oaky char. This is 80% Garnacha and 20% Carignan with raw clamp to the palate created by grabby tannins and tomatoey acidity. Briny raspberry and plum flavors finish with rubbery tannins and related grab. This is a tough wine but one with lots of life and power. Drink through 2019."	Pinyolet Selección	88	19	Catalonia	Montsant		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Compañia de Vinos del Atlántico 2011 Pinyolet Selección Red (Montsant)	Red Blend	Compañia de Vinos del Atlántico
US	"Light bodied and nicely dry, this is a lean and refreshing wine that tastes like crisp apples and raspberries, has great balance and a clean tangy finish. It's very bright and appealing."	Grenache	87	20	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Kokomo 2016 Grenache Rosé (North Coast)	Rosé	Kokomo
US	"This is made from fruit sourced from the oldest block of Syrah in Washington, which was planted in 1986. The nose expresses complex varietal character, with a mix of blue and purple berry, a dusting of earth and accents of cinnamon and incense. Subtle and expressive, this is the best vintage to date for the Patriarche."	La Côte Patriarche	94	55	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Betz Family 2010 La Côte Patriarche Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Betz Family
US	"Leather, shaved cocoa, smoked beef and purple fruit show on the nose of this wine. The palate offers touches of savory soy and smoked meat, but is dominated by sour boysenberry fruit."		85	22	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Consilience 2013 Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Consilience
US	"Sourced from select barrels drawn from five estate vineyards, the reserve spent 10 months in oak. It is only made in exceptional years, and 2012 was certainly among the best in memory. Berry, cherry and toast components are here in full measure, with a sumptuous mocha-infused finish. Still young, this wine will show best with aeration, or tuck it away for some extra bottle age."	Reserve	94	100	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Elk Cove 2012 Reserve Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Elk Cove
Chile	"At first this is aggressive, with an aromatic note of wet dog along with blueberries. But soon it finds its legs and opens to display chocolate, espresso and a big batch of black plum and blackberry. The finish has full tannins and some coffee-like flavor. Currently it's wall-to-wall big, but it should settle down in no time and become a good red to drink on any occasion."	Estate Bottled	88	12	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lapostolle 2002 Estate Bottled Merlot (Rapel Valley)	Merlot	Lapostolle
US	"Richness in the texture and a buttery vanilla-like flavor make this wine easy to dive into. It has lots of ripe apple, peach and white cherry flavor and an energetic complexity due to those pastry spices, plus a lingering, creamy finish."	Blanc de Gris	90	50	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Lichen Estate 2013 Blanc de Gris Pinot Gris (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Gris	Lichen Estate
US	"Made from 80% Syrah, 15% Grenache and 5% Riesling, this magenta-hued wine shows exuberant orange blossom and cherry flavors buoyed by moderate acidity and seaspray-like freshness. It finishes rich and fruity, bringing a creamsicle in summer to mind."	Rosé of	91	18	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ampelos 2016 Rosé of Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Ampelos
US	"Fermented in stainless steel and then aged in neutral oak, this estate-driven white is crisp and complex, with what comes off as an intensity of dark oak. Gooseberry and lychee provide an intrigue on the nose, before a concentrated finish reveals high acidity."	Dutton Ranch Kylie's Cuvee	86	23	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Dutton Estate 2014 Dutton Ranch Kylie's Cuvee Sauvignon Blanc (Russian River Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Dutton Estate
Italy	"Aromas of menthol, dried flower, ripe berry, leather and savory herb lead the nose. The rich palate delivers crushed wild cherry, stewed plum, cinnamon, anise and a hint of vanilla alongside round tannins. Despite its big, friendly structure, it also boasts finesse. Drink through 2022."	Poggiotondo	92	45	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Centolani 2010 Poggiotondo  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Centolani
US	"This provides a very good example of the varietal in a velvety-smooth style. It tastes dry but generous, nicely balanced and just tannic enough to be appetizing. Flavors are a warm combination of berries, light spices and a touch of oak."	Temper Tantrum	89	26	California	Fair Play	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Steiner Family Vineyards 2012 Temper Tantrum Tempranillo (Fair Play)	Tempranillo	Steiner Family Vineyards
Spain	"García Figuero had a great year in 2010, as did many high-end Ribera del Duero wineries. This reserva is heady up front, with malty aromas of vanilla, barrel resin, tobacco, blackberry and cassis. This is huge but holds onto its balance, while flavors of baked black fruits come with vanilla, coffee, mocha and chocolate accents. This modern marvel finishes with vanilla, pepper and chocolate flavors on top of lasting black currant and blackberry. Drink through 2025."	15 Reserva	94	66	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	García Figuero 2010 15 Reserva  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	García Figuero
Italy	"An easy-drinking blend of Merlot, Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of red berry, toast, herb and roasted coffee bean. The soft palate offers black cherry, mocha and a hint of coffee alongside bright acidity and silky tannins. Drink now."	Le Volte	87	30	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Ornellaia 2014 Le Volte Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Ornellaia
Italy	"Aromas of underbrush, mature berry, new leather, blue flower and menthol emerge in the glass. On the firmly structured palate, an intense mineral vein of iron underscores dried black cherry, white pepper, dried sage and star anise. Austere fine-grained tannins provide the taut framework."	Molsino	91	80	Piedmont	Gattinara		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Nervi 2009 Molsino  (Gattinara)	Nebbiolo	Nervi
US	"With its slightly sweet orange, pear, green apple, honeysuckle and vanilla flavors, this will appeal to the Moscato-sipping crowd. The bubbles make for easy fun. A blend of Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Muscat, Riesling and Gewürztraminer."	Ca' Secco	85	18	California	California	California Other			Ca' Momi NV Ca' Secco Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Ca' Momi
Chile	"Heavy as dead weight, with a raisiny nose. Only dried out, semisalty plum flavors work the palate."	Family Selection	80	14	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Luis Felipe Edwards 2006 Family Selection Malbec (Colchagua Valley)	Malbec	Luis Felipe Edwards
Spain	"Aromas of milk chocolate, cotton candy, bacon and sweet fruits are a lead into standard fare cherry and raspberry flavors. The feel is acidic but fresh, while the finish is thin but clean. Average wine."	Roble	84	16	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Vilano 2008 Roble  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Viña Vilano
US	"The descriptor “Sun” is apt, for this Pinot brims with the ripe, fruity flavors that only a brilliant, moderate climate can achieve. Raspberries and cherries flood the palate, brightened by crisp coastal acidity, and given structure by silky, complex tannins. As delicious as this wine is, it should gain bottle complexity over the next eight years."	Sun	92	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Hilliard Bruce 2011 Sun Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Hilliard Bruce
US	"Soft and forward, with jammy flavors of cherries, berries and herbs. Tastes a bit overripe toward the finish, with some raisins. Drink now."		85	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Beringer 2007 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Beringer
Chile	"Open-knit aromas of apple, pear, green melon and mineral are perfectly good, while the palate is high in acid and kick. Flavors of grapefruit, generic citrus and grass are solid, as is the finish, which keeps its line. A snappy, alert, easygoing wine."		85	10	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cono Sur 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cono Sur
US	"Pinot Noir pro Adam Lee shows his Rhône colors with this cool-climate bottling that offers scents of black pepper, violets, purple fruit and fried pork. It's both lush and energetic on the palate, presenting dark blackberry flavors but with acidic verve. An exciting look at the grape's varied potential."	Susan's Hill	93	34	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Novy 2012 Susan's Hill Syrah (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Syrah	Novy
France	"With three years' aging, this has developed into an almond- and toast-flavored wine that has softened and rounded the fruit. It has turned into a serious wine, its rich structure allied to the acidity. Ready to drink."	Ammonites	90	37	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Roblin 2010 Ammonites  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Roblin
US	"A dense, bombshell of a blend, this is comprised of 80% Syrah and 20% Grenache. This tannic beast is somewhat reduced and chewy, committed entirely to meat, tobacco and leathery flavor."	Proprietor's Blend	85	32	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Cosa Obra 2012 Proprietor's Blend Red (Sonoma County)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Cosa Obra
US	"This full-bodied wine has unapologetic late-harvest flavors like raisins and prunes dusted with dried herbs, and a firm texture that comes with alcoholic heat."	Henry's House	85	27	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Deaver 2013 Henry's House Zinfandel (California)	Zinfandel	Deaver
US	"Good enough to be a reserve, this includes just 4% Merlot and the rest is all Cabernet. Smooth and supple, with lovely toasty aromatics, it layers rich cherry fruit against the lush barrel spices. A companionable wine, already drinking beautifully, but perfectly fine to cellar for up to a decade."		95	44	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abeja 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Abeja
US	"A rustic, sweet Cabernet, with an irregular, mouthfeel and sharp, jammily candied blackberry flavors. The sharpness is unlikely to age away."		84	60	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Padilla Erickson 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Padilla Erickson
US	"This is a smooth, easy-drinking white, ready for the patio or picnic blanket, or to serve as an apéritif, that sings in bright acidity, a balanced body and an exuberance of lime and melon."		87	15	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	R35 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	R35
US	"A beautiful wine, sleek, crisp and ultra-dry, with the most refined flavors of petrol, white peach, kaffir lime, apricot skin and minerals. The acidity is very high and palate-cleansing. The wine was half fermented in barrels, half in stainless steel. Sommeliers, buy this by the case, if you can find it."		90	17	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Banyan 2007 Riesling (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Riesling	Banyan
US	"Estate-grown, this 100% varietal wine impresses in its total embrace of succulent blackberry, plum and mocha goodness, built upon a mountain of structured tannin and quiet oak. Touches of milk chocolate play along the palate as it rides along a velvety roadway, finishing soft and silky."		94	85	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	J. Davies 2013 Malbec (Diamond Mountain District)	Malbec	J. Davies
US	"Sweet-leaning aromas of pineapple, ripe red apples and white lilies show on the nose of this bottling. The palate starts with nice texture of Meyer-lemon pith, then settles toward ripe pears and apples, with hints of coconut and pineapple flavors."		86	11	California	Monterey County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cupcake 2014 Chardonnay (Monterey County)	Chardonnay	Cupcake
Spain	"Smoke and leather aromas come with earthy, leafy berry and floral scents. This is crisp and acidic in feel, while flavors of peppery red fruits are spicy and drawing. Raw tannins and red-fruit flavors carry the finish."	Gran Coronas	86	24	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Torres 2009 Gran Coronas Cabernet Sauvignon (Penedès)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Torres
US	"Softened by 6% Merlot, this lovely concoction opens with a waft of smoky cigar box, becoming a bold, loud expression of the variety dotted in classic notes of cassis and cedar. A luxuriously velvety texture is the standout, though, supported by great structure and length."	If Six Was Nine Reserve	93	53	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	World's End 2013 If Six Was Nine Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	World's End
Portugal	"Created to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the birth of Saint Theresa of Avila, this wine made from a special selection of fruit. Richly structured, it displays great style as well as intensity. Black fruits are beautifully integrated into the ripe body of the wine, backed by acidity and with tannins and wood-aging flavors in the background. Drink from 2018."	Santa Teresa d'Avila Homenagem	92	30	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Lapa 2014 Santa Teresa d'Avila Homenagem Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta da Lapa
Chile	"Mild, controlled aromas of peach, apple and woodspice set up a cutting palate with noticeable minerality. Flavors of white pepper, apple and lime are slightly briny, while the finish feels fresh as a whistle but shy on flavors."	Sabino	89	24	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Kingston Family 2014 Sabino Chardonnay (Casablanca Valley)	Chardonnay	Kingston Family
Chile	"Horsey aromas infringe upon basic cherry and tomato scents. This is lean on the palate, with scouring acidity. Tart, spicy plum and cherry flavors end on a crisp, dilute finish with that reverberates with sour plum and cherry notes."	Casillero del Diablo Reserva	85	11	Chile			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Concha y Toro 2013 Casillero del Diablo Reserva Pinot Noir (Chile)	Pinot Noir	Concha y Toro
US	"A splendid Syrah, black in color, dry, tannic, acidic and rich in blackberry, currant, grilled meat, black pepper and toasty oak flavors that are incredibly complex and satisfying. Testarossa has a great history with this bottling, and while the wine doesn't have the immediately dazzling luxuriousness of the 2007, it's more ageable. Drink after 2016."	Garys' Vineyard	92	56	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Testarossa 2011 Garys' Vineyard Syrah (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Syrah	Testarossa
Italy	"This ethereal expression of Nebbiolo (also called Chiavennasca) opens with rich density and ripe fruit intensity. Pretty tones of cola, dried ginger and licorice round out the back and the wine is fresh and well structured overall with firm, drying tannins."	Carterìa	90	40	Lombardy	Valtellina Superiore				Fay 2007 Carterìa  (Valtellina Superiore)	Nebbiolo	Fay
US	"Surprisingly tight for such a ripe and generous vintage; decanted if you plan on drinking it soon. The fruit is concentrated and pure: raspberry, cherry and cassis with a chaser of lemony acid. The acids are not quite integrated yet, and the oak seems unusually restrained. Looks set to evolve in interesting ways; purchase it in quantity, then check on it regularly to see what it's doing."		91	60	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Feather 2005 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Feather
South Africa	"This light and approachable wine boasts easy notes of green apple, melon rind and a touch of hay. The mouth shows more citrus dominance, with a brisk lemon-lime character staying through the finish. Drink now."		86	10	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Two Oceans 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	Two Oceans
US	"A unique blend of Viognier (50%), Roussanne (41%) and Riesling, this wine offers light notes of peach and pear. The palate is full of stone-fruit flavors backed by vibrant acidity that piques the interest."	Oriana	89	24	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Brian Carter Cellars 2014 Oriana White (Yakima Valley)	White Blend	Brian Carter Cellars
Argentina	"Chunky, ripe and fruity, with bacon and roasted berry aromas. The palate has a good feel and tannins that melt away, while the flavors of black cherry and cassis lean toward medicinal but don't fully go there. Bold like Malbec should be, with hints of rubber and latex on the finish."	Paso de Piedra	89	19	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Alicia 2007 Paso de Piedra Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Viña Alicia
US	"Hard and tannic at first, this young wine grudgingly reveals a core of very tart cherry fruit, encased in flavors of stem and wood. A coffee-infused finish does not conceal the chewy, tough tannins."	Estate	86	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Gamache 2008 Estate Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Gamache
US	"Aromas of cedar, vanilla, raspberry, coffee, herbs and barrel spice are followed by concentrated fruit flavors backed by firm tannins. It's a delicious example of the variety."	Cold Creek Vineyard	90	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2012 Cold Creek Vineyard Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Chateau Ste. Michelle
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Syrah, this opens with plush layers of black fruit, tobacco, chocolate and crushed black pepper. Full, ripe and modern, this has lingering notes of exotic spice and toasted nut on the finish."	Clemente VII Settimo	90	30	Tuscany	Toscana				Castelli del Grevepesa 2007 Clemente VII Settimo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Castelli del Grevepesa
US	"With 4% co-fermented Viognier, the aromas bring subdued notes of flowers, dark fruit and barrel spice. The cranberry and cherry flavors are tart and focused, trailing toward the finish."		89	45	Washington	Lake Chelan	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Cairdeas 2013 Syrah (Lake Chelan)	Syrah	Cairdeas
US	"Oaky flavors of caramel, honey and butterscotch dominate. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with suggestions of limes and mangoes."	Reserve	85	25	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Balverne 2012 Reserve Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Balverne
US	"With all of the buttered toast, buttered popcorn and butterscotch flavors, this Chardonnay's fruit isn't allowed to speak. It has brisk acidity and rich tangerine and mango flavors, but the winemaker's hand feels heavy."	Sierra Madre Vineyard	85	35	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Fess Parker 2011 Sierra Madre Vineyard Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Fess Parker
Chile	"Aggressive aromas include rubbery notes, iodine and a touch of dried blood. This feels raw and lean, with spiced plum and raspberry flavors coming in front of a high-acid citric finish with a grassy component."	Reserva	84	15	Leyda Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Leyda 2015 Reserva Pinot Noir (Leyda Valley)	Pinot Noir	Leyda
Italy	"This Nebbiolo by Mario Pelassa is loaded with aromas that recall Christmas spice, chopped mint and nutmeg. There's an incredibly strong balsam note here that resembles eucalyptus and peppermint. Pair this wine with lamb and mint jelly."	Antaniolo	87	28	Piedmont	Roero				Pelassa 2005 Antaniolo  (Roero)	Nebbiolo	Pelassa
Italy	"Made with from organically grown grapes, this blend of 85% Sangiovese, 8% Canaiolo and 7% Merlot has aromas of pressed flower and sour berry. The fresh, simple palate offers sour cherry and raspberry alongside vibrant acidity. Drink soon."		85	17	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Salcheto 2014  Rosso di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Salcheto
Canada	"Well along the aging curve, this feels a bit pushed, with divergent and strong flavors of cherry, plum, licorice, smoke and sweet toast. There's a lot going on, though little sense of the elegance that often typifies Pinot Noir, and the tannins have a rough, rustic quality."	Oldfield Series	86	30	British Columbia	Okanagan Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tinhorn Creek 2010 Oldfield Series Pinot Noir (Okanagan Valley)	Pinot Noir	Tinhorn Creek
US	"This is Rochioli's estate Pinot—without a vineyard designation. It's a fabulous wine, showing the winery's signature power, complexity and balance. The flavors are rich, with notes of red berries, persimmons, red currants, bacon and cola. Absolutely delicious now, and it should gain traction and change interestingly over 6–8 years."		95	75	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Rochioli 2010 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Rochioli
France	This offering from a well-known négociant is made in a lighter style and has good flavor. The essential ripeness of the vintage shows; there is some texture to the mouthfeel and it wraps up with a clean finish of good length.		88	23	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape				Barton & Guestier 1998 Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Barton & Guestier
France	"This rounded, wood-aged wine has just the right amount of structure and delicious acidity to accompany the full red- and black-berry notes. It's refreshing, while still concentrated and age worthy."		89	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Grand Jean 2009  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Grand Jean
US	"Tangy red fruit sits atop leathery texture in this dark, brooding wine, blended with 13% Petit Verdot and 4% Malbec. Violets and blueberries play on the palate while integrated oak and tannin lend body and power to the proceedings. The finish is smoky."		91	60	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Round Pond 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Round Pond
US	"A big, lusty, rich Zinfandel, packing wildly complex flavors of summer-ripe raspberries and cherries, anise, crushed pepper, dusty spices, sweet vanilla and smoky sandalwood. One of V. Sattui's best Zins of the vintage."	Crow Ridge	92	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			V. Sattui 2008 Crow Ridge Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	V. Sattui
Italy	"This opens with aromas suggesting mature berry, baking spice, menthol, scorched earth and oak. The ripe palate offers stewed prune and bitter chocolate while assertive, tightly wound tannins grip the finish."	Monserra	88	65	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Raineri Gianmatteo 2012 Monserra  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Raineri Gianmatteo
US	"Quite dry to the point of astringency, this stylish Syrah brings flavors of toast, coffee grounds and tangy berries. There is just a hint of finishing heat."		90	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rulo 2009 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Rulo
US	"This méthode Champenoise blend of 76% Pinot Noir and 24% Chardonnay impresses with its inviting mousse of peach and strawberry. It's fresh and lush, aged on the lees for three years, giving it body without an overabundance of alcohol. Dry, it finishes with a twist of candied orange peel."	Brut Rosé	92	55	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frank Family 2012 Brut Rosé Sparkling (Carneros)	Sparkling Blend	Frank Family
France	"This is a ripe, rounded and firmly tannic wine. It has weight and a dense texture, with a black plum flavor. With its fruits, sweet tannins and solid structure, it's likely to age well over several years."		88	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Larroque 2010  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Larroque
US	"Dry and tannic, this has deep blackberry-pie and spice flavors. A touch of unripeness, suggesting green peppercorns, detracts from the pleasure. Drink now."	Maple Vineyards	84	40	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Armida 2010 Maple Vineyards Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Armida
Portugal	"This is a dense wine with firm tannins and a solid structure. The black currant fruits are stalky and still developing, along with the acidity. It's a lean wine and needs to age for a few more months to fill out, so drink from 2017."	Maria Mora	88	10	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Magnum Vinhos 2013 Maria Mora Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Magnum Vinhos
South Africa	"Medium-intense aromas of pear, red apple skin and delicate sweet spice appear on the nose, while accents of toast and limey citrus unfold in the mouth. Vibrant and easy to drink with a clean, softly wooded finish. Try with grilled steak fish like swordfish or mahi mahi."	Isabella	86	24	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Muratie 2008 Isabella Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Muratie
US	"The blend includes 2% Muscat, an experiment that may not be repeated, though it worked quite well, boosting the aromatics and adding pretty floral notes at the top. The fruit is solidly anchored in citrus, pear and peach; and the barrels add a pleasing toastiness to the finish. There's a hint of anise as well. Lovely balance and fullness throughout."		91	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Forgeron 2006 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Forgeron
France	"Very mineral, textured wine, its acidity and taut green fruit flavors firmly in evidence. It has some of the richness and opulence of the vintage, with great swathes of ripe yellow fruits developing. For long-term aging."	Bâtard-Montrachet	93	299	Burgundy	Bâtard-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2009 Bâtard-Montrachet  (Bâtard-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Louis Latour
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon (88%) takes the lead on this wine, with the balance Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Syrah. Aromas of blackberry, blue fruit, flowers and barrel spice are followed by pitch-black-fruit flavors. Lightly chewy tannins provide some heft but have room to broaden."		92	75	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Col Solare 2013 Red (Red Mountain)	Red Blend	Col Solare
Uruguay	"Pinot Noir blended with Tannat? Like it or not, here it is, and this unicorn wine from Uruguay smells cheesy and murky. A linear palate is not well padded, while this tastes earthy, like saucy plum and tomato."	Reserve Collection	81	20	Canelones			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Marichal 2013 Reserve Collection Red (Canelones)	Red Blend	Marichal
Chile	"Dark and charred, with aromas of shoe polish, asphalt, coconut and blackberry. It's masculine in style, with firm tannins that bite down in support of concentrated black fruit, chocolate and spice flavors. Coffee, bitterness and heat work the finish on this tannic, full-bodied Cabernet."		88	19	Aconcagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Arboleda 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Aconcagua Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Arboleda
France	"Complex and solid, it holds rich berry fruits, a darkly tannic structure, dense texture and a juicy acidity. This firm wine has a good future, so don't drink before 2017."		90	24	Bordeaux	Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Grivière 2011  Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Grivière
US	"A clean aroma of apple that's detailed with light notes of fresh herb and barrel toast introduce this well-structured Chardonnay. It's a solid effort, buoyed by good natural acidity."	Estate Grown	87	24	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Melrose 2011 Estate Grown Chardonnay (Umpqua Valley)	Chardonnay	Melrose
France	"Proper Nuits-St.-Georges, all dry tannins powering through the dark cherry fruit flavors, and balanced with tasty acidity. There's great potential here, the ripe fruits just showing their intensity, but for the moment, the tannins are the core."	Les Chaboeufs Premier Cru	90	73	Burgundy	Nuits-St.-Georges		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Aîné & Fils 2005 Les Chaboeufs Premier Cru  (Nuits-St.-Georges)	Pinot Noir	Bouchard Aîné & Fils
US	"It's very difficult to rate this unusual bottling in a blind tasting. It's a nonvintage dry red wine blended from mature years and has few if any peers in California. It's very tasty because of traits that are usually considered flaws. A tawny color and an aroma like tawny Port lead to a very soft texture, and warm plum, raisin and nut flavors. The wine is rather full in body, light on tannins, and tastes quite mature and mellow."	Pleiades XXV Old Vines	87	24	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Sean Thackrey NV Pleiades XXV Old Vines Red (California)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Sean Thackrey
US	"An unusual blend of flavors fills this full-bodied wine. It has fruit cocktail aromas and obvious butter and butterscotch flavors as if it's trying to be a Chardonnay. The texture is rich and soft, and the butter keeps flowing on the finish."		84	13	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Steelhead Vineyards 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (North Coast)	Sauvignon Blanc	Steelhead Vineyards
US	"Sometimes a Sauvignon Blanc this dry, acidic and low in alcohol can be unbalanced, but this one hits it out of the park. With tastes of citrus zest, white peach, green apple and spice, it's just a beautiful apèritif wine, and also is ideal supporting roast chicken, bruschetta with chèvre, and grilled veggies."		90	17	California	Mendocino				Navarro 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Mendocino)	Sauvignon Blanc	Navarro
US	"A squeeze of lemony acidity gives this Chardonnay a tart bite to the ripe mango, apricot and lime fruit flavors. Oak brings complex touches of sweet buttered toast. Bone dry, the wine is flashy now, but don't serve it too cold."	Melville Vineyard	91	40	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Bonaccorsi 2010 Melville Vineyard Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Bonaccorsi
US	"Cola and Dr. Pepper both appear on the nose of this thick, dense and heavy wine, that's hugely concentrated in black olive and blackberry."	Three Dog Zin	86	29	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Wilson 2014 Three Dog Zin Zinfandel (Sonoma County)	Zinfandel	Wilson
New Zealand	"I've always thought of Seifried—perhaps because of Hermann's Austrian heritage—as a white-wine producer, but this Pinot Noir is a strong effort. The palate brings Bing cherry and faint herbal notes, with a taut, medium body and a long, mouthwatering finish showcasing fine fruit. Drink now–2018."		89	25	Nelson			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Seifried 2013 Pinot Noir (Nelson)	Pinot Noir	Seifried
US	"One of the biggest, boldest, ripest Chardonnays in California, marked as usual by intense flavors, which the winemaker has boosted with oak. Just explodes in pineapple and apricot jam, tangerine custard and buttered toast, brightened by zesty acidity. The wine will age, gradually losing fruit and picking up roasted nut notes."	Sleepy Hollow Vineyard Estate Grown	92	40	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Talbott 2010 Sleepy Hollow Vineyard Estate Grown Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Talbott
US	"Rose petals, hibiscus and shaved cinnamon show on the nose of this wine by a father and son team. The palate is sleek and tight with pomegranate, cranberry and sour cherry on the fruit end, as well as sage, lingering eucalyptus and a flash of cola on the spice side."	Fambrini Vineyard	93	42	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Rexford 2012 Fambrini Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Rexford
Argentina	"Starts with baked, candied, mildly raisiny aromas that hint at expiration, but the wine has good grab and acidity on the palate along with dry fruit flavors, licorice and spice. Persistent but not special, with a light, supple finish. It's 72% Malbec with Bonarda and Syrah."	Amado Sur	86	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trivento 2007 Amado Sur Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Trivento
France	"A pale, almost water-like color in the glass, this is a light and nuanced rosé. Scents of white cherry, melon rind, orange peel and sweet grass unfold in the bouquet and carry through to the light-bodied palate. A tart red-currant flavor and citric vibrancy linger on the close. Drink now."	Gris Blanc	86	17	Languedoc-Roussillon	Pays d'Oc		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Gérard Bertrand 2015 Gris Blanc Rosé (Pays d'Oc)	Rosé	Gérard Bertrand
France	"On some of the highest vineyards in Cahors, this estate has a history reaching back to the Middle Ages. This latest vintage from this major estate has a firm structure and cool texture. Allied to acidity and dark tannins, the rich black fruits are going to need time to mature. Drink from 2020."	Château de Haute-Serre	90	24	Southwest France	Cahors		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Vigouroux 2014 Château de Haute-Serre Malbec (Cahors)	Malbec	Georges Vigouroux
US	"Very fine, showing the class of this vineyard, at a great price. Although the wine is thoroughly dry, it's vast in pineapple and lime fruit, with a minerally tang from the terroir and rich, sweet buttered toast and vanilla notes from oak barrel aging. The minerality reprises throughout, giving the wine a steely authority."	Oliver's Vineyard	92	28	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Stephen Ross 2008 Oliver's Vineyard Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Stephen Ross
Italy	"Underbrush, intense rose petal, rosemary, grilled herbs and red berry scents leap from the glass. Polished and almost pulsating with energy, the palate displays succulent red cherry, sage, leather, cinnamon and white pepper alongside supple tannins and vibrant acidity. Drink after 2020 for more complexity."	Brunate	95	123	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Oddero 2010 Brunate  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Oddero
Spain	"This is rusty in color, with burnt leaf and dried earth aromas. Drying and hard on the palate, it has an earthy, leafy set of strained red-fruit flavors. Bitter and rough on the finish."	Diego de Almagro	81	10	Central Spain	Valdepeñas		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pagos del Rey 2010 Diego de Almagro Tempranillo (Valdepeñas)	Tempranillo	Pagos del Rey
Australia	"This tiny winery burst on the scene when its 2010 Cabernet scooped three trophies at the Margaret River Wine Show. This wine does show more weight and richness than the 2012, with a silky, satiny texture rarely found in young Cabernet Sauvignon and crisp, cassis-inflected fruit. Drink now–2030."		91	250	Western Australia	Margaret River		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Cloudburst 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Margaret River)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cloudburst
New Zealand	"Made in a crisp, dry style, this is leaner than many other New Zealand Pinot Gris, marked by its taut texture and subtle notes of almond skin, barely ripe melon and tart citrus. It makes for a refreshing sipper, or a fine foil to delicate fish dishes."	Province	89	23	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Astrolabe 2014 Province Pinot Gris (Marlborough)	Pinot Gris	Astrolabe
US	"A perennial standout, this is an exuberantly rich, classic expression of the variety, with the heady, unmistakable imprint of the producer and vineyard. Expansive and generous in style, it offers baked honeycrisp apple and a jolt of lemon pith, with aromas of honeysuckle and vanilla. The finish is lengthy and substantial, with memorable minerality."	Red Shoulder Ranch	94	52	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Shafer 2013 Red Shoulder Ranch Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Shafer
US	"Hailing from River Rock Vineyard in the Rocks District, this wine's black olive, green stem, potpourri, dark fruit and orange peel aromas are followed by silky feeling fruit and savory flavors. It keeps the interest high."	The Beautiful	93	60	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	K Vintners 2014 The Beautiful Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	K Vintners
US	"This wine offers aromas of herb, tobacco, barrel spice and plum. The palate brings plush rich textured plum flavors, showing a beautiful sense of purity along with a crazy-long finish. It's a shamelessly delicious but still impeccably balanced wine that is nearly impossible to put down."	Stone Tree	93	32	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waters 2014 Stone Tree Malbec (Wahluke Slope)	Malbec	Waters
US	"Earthy and herbal, this inexpensive Pinot offers faint cherry tones and a structured, juicy midpalate. The wine's pronounced tannins take center stage on the finish."		86	16	California	Mendocino		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Girasole 2011 Pinot Noir (Mendocino)	Pinot Noir	Girasole
US	"The aromas bring notes of dried herb, vanilla bean, wood spice and black cherry. The flavors are rich and luscious, supported by plump ripe tannins. The finish lingers."		91	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Abeja 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Abeja
France	This warm and rich wine has bold red fruit and a background of tannins and wood-derived flavors. It's full of ripe fruit and balanced acidity and has an open character that makes it drinkable soon. Drink from 2018.		88	18	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de la Vieille Tour 2015  Bordeaux Supérieur	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de la Vieille Tour
Italy	"This is a simple, fruit-forward Nebbiolo with ripe notes of strawberry and raspberry jam backed by light shadings of tobacco and spice. The wine shows bright acidity and clean, polished tannins."	Usignolo	87	27	Piedmont	Langhe				Cascina Bruciata 2008 Usignolo Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Cascina Bruciata
Spain	"Dusty apple and vanilla scents weigh in on the heavy/yeasty side. This feels cidery and a bit flat. Flavors of briny citrus don't offer much diversity or complexity, while this fades away with a simple note of orange and not much else."	Brut	85	18	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Celler Barcelòna NV Brut Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Celler Barcelòna
US	"Vintner Carr follows up on his great 2008 Reserve with this delicious bottling. In California, it's usually a cinch to get fruit this ripe and tropical, and easy to plaster on lots of new oak. What's hard is to fuse the elements seamlessly. This wine does, offering waves of Chardonnay opulence. It may have a touch of botrytis, but that's in its favor."	Dijon Clone	94	18	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Joseph Carr 2009 Dijon Clone Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Joseph Carr
US	"A fine Cabernet, dry and balanced. It's rich in blackberries, anise and currants, with an herbaceousness that grounds it. Food-friendly, and totally drinkable now."	Tribute to a Journey	88	40	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Dutcher Crossing 2007 Tribute to a Journey Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dutcher Crossing
France	"Soft and rich, with ripe fruit flavors, this is warm and opulent. Packed with notes of spice and toast, the ripe peach flavor is layered into the fine, elegant structure. Aging will make it even more delicious."	Genevrières Premier Cru	93	72	Burgundy	Meursault		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Vincent Girardin 2010 Genevrières Premier Cru  (Meursault)	Chardonnay	Domaine Vincent Girardin
US	"Tough in tannins, with a minty, green streak to the cherries and blackberries. Tasty but hard now. Could develop with some time in the bottle. Try after 2010."	Artist's Series	85	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Stratton Lummis 2005 Artist's Series Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Stratton Lummis
Italy	This is a cheerful and easygoing rosé sparkling wine that offers measured aromas of wild berry and chalky white mineral. The wine is creamy and smooth in the mouth and ends with a playful sweet-against sour-note. Made with Corvina and other grapes found near Verona.	Extra Dry Rosé	85	16	Veneto	Veneto				Monte del Frá NV Extra Dry Rosé Sparkling (Veneto)	Sparkling Blend	Monte del Frá
US	"This is quite pretty, with a soft initial entry into strawberry fruit. There's a touch of resin, a whisper of chocolate, and overall a delicate sensibility, that gains strength and length with ample aeration. It exits smoothly with a finishing lick of caramel."		91	42	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Owen Roe 2014 Pinot Noir (Chehalem Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Owen Roe
France	"Smooth and generous, this wine is soft and missing any bite. It is round and unfocused, but ready to drink now."	Le Clos Devouluet Durand-les-Verchès	84	43	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Georges Duboeuf 2014 Le Clos Devouluet Durand-les-Verchès  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Georges Duboeuf
US	"This blend of 50% Nebbiolo, 25% Barbera and 25% Syrah offers aromas of fudge, blackberry and plum that are somehow both lean and rich. It's thick and full on the palate, with pepper spice, leather, tobacco and violets, yet the acidity is quite powerful. Serve with hearty pasta."	Savoia	87	65	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Palmina 2010 Savoia Red (Santa Barbara County)	Red Blend	Palmina
France	"This vineyard, at 900 feet, gives a cool take on Chardonnay. It is tight, structured and mineral in character. Vanilla from the wood aging mingles with the taut citrus fruit. The richness will develop as the apricot flavors develop. Drink this fine wine from 2019."	Les Murgers des Dents de Chien Premier Cru	93	80	Burgundy	Saint-Aubin		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Roux Père et Fils 2014 Les Murgers des Dents de Chien Premier Cru  (Saint-Aubin)	Chardonnay	Roux Père et Fils
Portugal	"This is a rustic, soft wine. It has red fruits and acidity along with light tannins and a barnyard character that is not unpleasant. Drink now."	Terraços do Tejo	84	10	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casal da Coelheira 2013 Terraços do Tejo Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Casal da Coelheira
US	"This is a slightly leathery, medium-bodied Malbec, with tart red berry flavors and strong herbal elements. The mix of fruit, stem, saddle and leaf moves into a lightly smoky finish with sculpted tannins."	Estate	88	32	Oregon	Walla Walla Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Watermill 2009 Estate Malbec (Walla Walla Valley (OR))	Malbec	Watermill
France	"This ripe, fruity wine has soft tannins and a generous, warm character that makes it already drinkable. Better, however, to wait until its full potential is realized, from 2019."	Premier Vin	90	15	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château du Pitray 2015 Premier Vin  (Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château du Pitray
US	"This wine's plum, vanilla, milk chocolate and blue fruit aromas are followed by a palate saturated with supersmooth fruit and barrel flavors. The variety isn't immediately apparent, but it's delicious all the same."		91	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Januik 2014 Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	Januik
	"Enticing aromas of blueberry syrup open this blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Melnik, Syrah and Petit Verdot. Flavors of cherry, tart cherry pie, blueberry and red raspberry come with a burst of acidity before the persistent finish."	Getika Made With Organic Grapes	88	28				Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Orbelus 2012 Getika Made With Organic Grapes Red	Red Blend	Orbelus
France	"The wine is soft and gentle, with hints of strawberry fruits and freshness. It's light, but has a crisp and spicy aftertaste."	Passeport	85	15	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Barton & Guestier 2014 Passeport Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Barton & Guestier
Italy	"Aromas of scorched soil, toasted hazelnut, dried black cherry and an earthy whiff of game carry over to the palate along with a note of bitter sage. Firm tannins provide support."	Briccolina	87	90	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Beni di Batasiolo 2012 Briccolina  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Beni di Batasiolo
US	"Winemaker Aaron Pott saignées nearly equal parts Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon to craft this impressively complex, light-bodied and ethereal celebration of cranberry, strawberry and grapefruit. It shows more tartness on the finish as it pushes a final, refreshing suggestion of mandarin orange."	Arriviste	91	25	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Blackbird Vineyards 2015 Arriviste Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Blackbird Vineyards
US	"Aromas of plum, cranberry, wood spice and herb are followed by concentrated red and black-fruit flavors. A silky mouthfeel and firm tannins only add to the enjoyment."	Estate Grown Blue Mountain Vineyard	92	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tranche 2012 Estate Grown Blue Mountain Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tranche
France	"This wine is light and perfumed, with crisp red currants and a tangy orange-zest texture. It dances from the glass, refreshing and poised to finish."	Les Fumées Blanches	85	16	France Other	Vin de France		Roger Voss	@vossroger	François Lurton 2015 Les Fumées Blanches Rosé (Vin de France)	Rosé	François Lurton
Romania	"An aromatic, fruity nose and balanced fruity/floral flavors recommend this elegant Chardonnay from Recas. Good minerality and acid and a lingering finish add to the appeal. Pair with poultry, pork."		85	8	Recas			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Cramele Recas 2008 Chardonnay (Recas)	Chardonnay	Cramele Recas
US	"A 50-case release from Six Sigma, this Sauvignon Blanc is fleshy, dark and complex, complete with lime, lemon and guava tones. It'll stand up to creamy shellfish dishes or a platter of fresh oysters—an intense study in barrel-kissed Lake County Sauvignon Blanc."	Bootleg Limited Release	89	36	California	Lake County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Six Sigma Ranch 2012 Bootleg Limited Release Sauvignon Blanc (Lake County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Six Sigma Ranch
US	"Shows exuberant fruit flavors of raspberries and cherries, with plenty of sweet, toasty oak. It's a fine wine, brisk in acidity and softly tannic, and lovely as it tastes now, it should gradually evolve in the bottle for several years."	Melville Vineyard	90	45	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Bonaccorsi 2010 Melville Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Bonaccorsi
Italy	"This wine unfolds with aromas of underbrush, toasted sensations and black fruit with a whiff of balsamic herbs. The palate delivers vibrant black cherry, black currant and oak-driven flavors including coffee and chocolate. It finishes on an astringent note of wood tannins. The Marchetto Company, Imports Inc., Pio Imports."	Piegaia Riserva	87	25	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Calcinaia 2010 Piegaia Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Villa Calcinaia
US	"There's a sugary taste to this blend of French Columbard and Muscat that makes it pretty much a dessert wine. The orange, honeysuckle and white peach flavors are balanced with a crisp streak of green apple acidity."	Inspiration	85	13	California	California	California Other			HandCraft 2012 Inspiration White (California)	White Blend	HandCraft
France	"A rich and rounded wine whose tannins are well buried in the ripe blackberry fruits. It's a dark wine, solidly dry at the core with great swathes of juicy fruit around. It's almost ready to drink so try it out in 2014."		88	15	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Paillet-Quancard 2010  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Paillet-Quancard
US	"Sourced from the Chalice (estate) vineyard, this aromatic and seductive wine presents a compelling mix of tree fruits, racy acidity, and a rich, textural, open mouthfeel. The flavors of pears, orange peel and snappy spices linger deliciously through a long finish."		91	16	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Iris Vineyards 2012 Pinot Gris (Oregon)	Pinot Gris	Iris Vineyards
Chile	"Starts out solid enough, with notes of white grapefruit, passion fruit and mineral. Then it turns decidedly vegetal, with heavy flavors of asparagus, canned green beans and bell pepper. By the time it finishes you're firmly in the green zone."	Classic	83	11	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Leyda 2009 Classic Sauvignon Blanc (San Antonio)	Sauvignon Blanc	Leyda
US	"Concentrated, well structured and not too full bodied, this is an almost architectural wine in how it fills out the palate and clings to the taste buds. It has an appetizing texture due to fine-grained tannins, a sense of ripeness without overripeness, plus deep and layered fruit, coffee and black-pepper nuances."	Strummer	92	25	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Lynch Wines 2013 Strummer Syrah (Sierra Foothills)	Syrah	Lynch Wines
Chile	"Briary berry aromas come with notes of mint and oak-based vanilla scents. Earthy berry, prune and licorice flavors finish with rooty spice and mild herbal notes."	Tributo Single Vineyard	88	20	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Caliterra 2012 Tributo Single Vineyard Syrah (Colchagua Valley)	Syrah	Caliterra
Italy	"Aromas of underbrush, scorched earth and ripe black-skinned fruit take center stage on this bold Barolo. The generous palate is already inviting, offering ripe black cherry, crushed black plum, licorice, ground pepper and sweet pipe tobacco. Velvety tannins provide the framework and lend a polished texture. Thanks to the fruit richness and freshness, you'd never guess it contains 15% avb."	Cannubi	94	60	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Giacomo Fenocchio 2011 Cannubi  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Giacomo Fenocchio
US	"Soft, simple and a little vegetal, with modest blackberry and oak flavors. The tannins are well-sculpted."		83	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Oberon 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Oberon
Argentina	"This opens with off-putting aromas of cinnamon and air freshener. On the palate, this is chewy and creamy, with a ton of oak and jammy, baked berry flavors that finish sticky."	Estate Bottled	83	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Carmine Granata 2011 Estate Bottled Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Carmine Granata
Germany	"Honeysuckle wafts softly amidst white peach and lemon aromas on this dry, unctuous wine. Richly textured, it's almost oily in mouthfeel, but balanced by a streak of high acidity and a steely, mineral tone. Finishes long and lean on a bristling lime-zest note."	Brauneberger Trocken	93	35	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Fritz Haag 2013 Brauneberger Trocken Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Fritz Haag
US	"From a vineyard high up in the appellation, this is the strongest wine in Sweetzer's current lineup. Earthy mulberry, wild mint, sun-baked soil and dark chocolate scents show on the nose. Lively dark red fruit, bay leaf and earthy garrigue qualities arise on the hearty, spicy and lovely palate."	Rita's Crown Vineyard	94	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sweetzer Cellars 2014 Rita's Crown Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Sweetzer Cellars
US	Oak dominates with toast and caramel notes. Underneath is a simple little raspberry-flavored Pinot that's dry and crisp in acidity.	Reserve	84	14	California	California	California Other			Red Rock 2009 Reserve Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Red Rock
US	"Pronounced notes of strawberry and red cherry are laced with notes of vanilla and brown sugar on the nose. The light-bodied palate follows suit, with toasted vanilla lingering to the finish."		88	32	Michigan	Leelanau Peninsula		Alexander Peartree		Blustone 2013 Pinot Noir (Leelanau Peninsula)	Pinot Noir	Blustone
US	"With 12% Sémillon in the blend, this is a lovely, fresh, almost exuberant Sauvignon Blanc. Bracing and textural, with good varietal character but no excessive herbaceousness, it's loaded with fruit flavors of melon, grapefruit, kiwi and apple. A fine mix of precision and length."		90	11	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Chateau Ste. Michelle 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Chateau Ste. Michelle
Spain	"This smells like fresh pavement at first, with gritty black-fruit and burnt leaf notes. The palate feels edgy, with a spotty red-fruit flavor that's matched with notes of resiny oak and vanilla. It finishes in a similar fashion. Novo Imports and Aidil Wines & Liquors."	Clisos Crianza	85	14	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Federico Paternina 2008 Clisos Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Federico Paternina
Portugal	"Structured and ripe with black fruits, this wine has some firm tannins along with rich, spicy flavors and acidity. The wine was fermented in open tanks a technique that gives an extra richness and color to the wine. Wood aging has added a final, smoothing touch."	Reserva	88	17	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casal da Coelheira 2013 Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Casal da Coelheira
Israel	"While oak can commonly overwhelm Chardonnay, this is a perfect example of an appropriate balance. Toasted notes of almond and peach pit intertwine with red apple and underripe pear; crisp acidity shines through on the finish."	Kosher	86	16	Galilee			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Recanati 2006 Kosher Chardonnay (Galilee)	Chardonnay	Recanati
US	"This is a spaghetti with tomato sauce wine, high in acidity, with very ripe, sweet cherry and cured tobacco flavors and firm tannins. It's kind of like an old fashioned Chianti."	AD	86	28	California	North Coast	North Coast			Carlotta 2009 AD Red (North Coast)	Red Blend	Carlotta
US	"Lime peels and lemon pith mix it up with rain on cement, lemongrass, kaffir lime leaf, ocean-spray saltiness and a lemon-pepper spice on the nose of this wine from the appellation's first vineyard. The palate is reminiscent of a perfectly restrained margarita, with the warmth of sea salt, the pungency of squeezed caviar limes and the body of lemon curds, topped with a sprig of mint."	Sanford & Benedict	95	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sandhi 2013 Sanford & Benedict Chardonnay (Sta. Rita Hills)	Chardonnay	Sandhi
Germany	"Demure apple and pear aromas belie the intensely honeyed peach and tropical fruit flavors that burst from this feather-light nectar. A crush of lemon-lime acidity cuts through the sweetness, leading a long, laser-focused finish. Drinks well now, but will develop well through at least 2025."	Ürziger Würzgarten Kabinett	92	25	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Markus Molitor 2013 Ürziger Würzgarten Kabinett Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Markus Molitor
Portugal	"Juicy Alicante Bouschet shines in this smooth, rich wine. Dark tannins are cushioned by the ripe berry fruits and opulent texture. Wood-aging has given extra richness to this powerful and complex wine that needs time. Drink from 2017."	Rapariga da Quinta Reserva	93	26	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Luis Duarte 2012 Rapariga da Quinta Reserva Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Luis Duarte
South Africa	"A stunning Cab that's a little bit of an easy-pleaser with an assertive oaky streak througout. Hints of cigar tobacco, fresh coffee grinds and whole vanilla bean infuse the dark, jammy berry fruit flavors. The mouth is round and lush, but firm tannins and a crushed velvet texture provide structure and linger well into the spiced chocolate close."		92	65	Coastal Region			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Anthonij Rupert 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon (Coastal Region)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Anthonij Rupert
France	"Big, ripe and smoky, this wine is generous while having great freshness. It's packed with fresh strawberries and raspberries along with powerful tannins. The combination of structure and great fruit will allow this wine to age. Drink from 2022."		95	460	Burgundy	Chambertin Clos de Bèze		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Faiveley 2014  Chambertin Clos de Bèze	Pinot Noir	Domaine Faiveley
US	"Elegant purple flower, black cherry fruit, a bouquet of white sage and a touch of graphite decorate the rich and vibrant nose of this wine by Adam Lee. The palate surrounds soft red brambleberry fruits, with thyme, rosemary and Earl Grey tea spicing the edges. It's both plush and herbal."	John Sebastiano Vineyard	94	49	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Siduri 2013 John Sebastiano Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Siduri
US	"Delicious is the word that comes to mind drinking this Pinot Noir. It's young and vibrant in acidity, with waves of raspberries, persimmons, honey, cinnamon, cloves and smoky sandalwood. Good over the next five years."		90	29	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			2nd Chance 2009 Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	2nd Chance
Italy	"A friendly and informal blend of Merlot and Pinot Noir, this 3-liter boxed wine from northern Italy would make a perfect companion at outdoor picnics or baseball games. It's a light and refreshing wine with crisp flavors of red berries and pressed violets."	Merlot and Pinot Noir 3 liter BIB	84	20	Northeastern Italy	Venezie				Duca del Frassino 2009 Merlot and Pinot Noir 3 liter BIB Red (Venezie)	Red Blend	Duca del Frassino
US	"Superrich, offering waves of pineapple, mango, buttered toast and vanilla flavors. The brilliantly crisp acidity of Edna Valley makes it all clean and brisk. Not much going on below the appealing surface, so drink now. Ahi tuna tartare comes to mind."	Reserve	87	16	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast			Courtney Benham 2009 Reserve Chardonnay (Edna Valley)	Chardonnay	Courtney Benham
US	"Dusty in cocoa powder and leather, this is a dusty mountain of a Zin, from old Foothills vines. Soft and racy, enjoy with pizza or creamy lasagna."	Rio Volpe Vineyard Old Vine	85	24	California	Shenandoah Valley (CA)	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bella Piazza 2010 Rio Volpe Vineyard Old Vine Zinfandel (Shenandoah Valley (CA))	Zinfandel	Bella Piazza
Portugal	This is an aromatic wine with generous fruit and soft tannins. Its wood aging has given the wine extra richness as well as spice. The wine is ready to drink.	Alteza	84	10	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Santos Lima 2015 Alteza Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Casa Santos Lima
France	"The nose gives little away but the palate holds red, rounded fruit diffused by frothy, lively fizz. The foamy bubbles spell exuberance and easy-drinking enjoyment. Dry, light and rounded, this is a perfect party wine in a most appealing shade of coppery pink."	Rosé	89	23	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Ruhlmann NV Rosé Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Ruhlmann
US	"This is a blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Grigio, Gewürztraminer and Semillon. It's nicely crisp in acids, with sweet, jammy pineapple, apricot, peach, vanilla and cinnamon spice flavors. Good with Asian fare, or with fresh fruit."	Serenity	85	15	California	High Valley				Brassfield 2007 Serenity White (High Valley)	White Blend	Brassfield
Argentina	"Off the grid and strange smelling, with jumbled aromas that are hard to describe. Exceedingly sour and lean on the palate, with a vegetal finish."	Grand Reserve	80	20	Other	San Juan		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Graffigna 2005 Grand Reserve Malbec (San Juan)	Malbec	Graffigna
US	"Light and easy, and made for drinking now. Shows plenty of charm, with dry, crisp flavors of herbs, red currants, tobacco and spices, wrapped into scoury tannins."		87	25	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Wild Horse 2008 Pinot Noir (Central Coast)	Pinot Noir	Wild Horse
US	"Flavors of Meyer lemon, lime and grapefruit are accented with a tang of gooseberries in this wine. The finish is lively and dry, with a scour of mouthwatering acidity. Production was 2,500 cases."		86	15	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Rutherford Ranch 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Rutherford Ranch
France	"Crisp and freshly simple Riesling. There are attractive green fruits, good acidity and a bright perfumed  aftertaste. Not for aging."		85	15	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Helfrich 2009 Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Helfrich
France	This is a perfumed wine with mint flavors from the wood aging. It has black-currant fruitiness that brings out acidity as well as tannins. The aftertaste is still young and fruity and the wine needs to age until 2017.		87	24	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Carignan 2013  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Carignan
France	"This is a juicy, medium- to full-bodied blend of Grenache, Syrah, Cinsault and Mourvèdre. Berry-like fruit picks up some herbal, tea-like notes on the finish, creating mouthwatering tension. Drink now."		88	15	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Léon Perdigal 2014 Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Léon Perdigal
US	"There's an exciting array of aromas on the nose of this wine, with honeydew melon, citrus candy and barely ripe cantaloupe gaining complexity thanks to fresh scents of chive, oregano and thyme. It's light and easy on the palate, with lots of yellow grapefruit freshness, a pithy edge and a singing acidity on the finish."	SLH Estate Grown & Produced	92	25	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Hahn 2013 SLH Estate Grown & Produced Chardonnay (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Chardonnay	Hahn
US	"This wine is big and rich, with a lot of buttery, spicy oak showing in the aormas as well as the flavors, while it also brings out ripe pear, nutmeg and hazelnut accents. A toasty oak element and moderate acidity help to balance out the ripe fruit character."		90	15	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Husch 2015 Chardonnay (Mendocino)	Chardonnay	Husch
US	"From a producer with a generally good track record for off-dry Riesling comes this delightfully crisp, fruity wine. With a touch of white sugar in the background, it shows brisk flavors of limes, peaches, green apples and vanilla."	Cole Ranch	87	19	California	Cole Ranch				Esterlina 2008 Cole Ranch Riesling (Cole Ranch)	Riesling	Esterlina
US	"This bottling, which is balanced by 16% Cabernet Franc and 9% Merlot, rides the savory edge of the grape, with aromas of underbrush and dried herbs giving depth to the black-olive and black-currant aromas. The palate offers a mix of red and darker fruits, including cranberry, plum and blackberry, with touches of thyme and anise."	Reserve	92	84	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Chateau Margene 2014 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Chateau Margene
US	"This is a top bottling from one of the appellation's first superstar wineries. Aromas of baked red cherry and red plum are dusted with nutmeg, clove and a crushed-slate minerality. The palate is lively with dried fennel, white sage and an earthy mintiness, which all give spice to the underlying base of ripe raspberry fruit. It's extremely delicious and deeply layered."	Ten	95	82	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sea Smoke 2013 Ten Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Sea Smoke
France	"This progressive domaine in Tavel reaches into neighboring Lirac for this wine, which is a high 70% Cinsault (the balance is Grenache). It's fresh and citrusy despite having ample weight, ending on a zesty note."	La Fermade	86	17	Rhône Valley	Lirac		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine Maby 2014 La Fermade Rosé (Lirac)	Rosé	Domaine Maby
US	"Kunde's Reserve is all about the oak—rich buttered toast, caramel and butterscotch flavors. It overshadows the underlying fruit, but makes for a decadently pleasant sip."	Reserve	85	35	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kunde 2012 Reserve Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Kunde
US	"Falcone's fourth release of this non-vintage blend solidifies its placement as a fine, complex wine to drink over the next several years. Made from Syrah, Petite Sirah and Cabernet Sauvignon, it shows the softness and richness of a Paso red, with flavors of black cherry jam, chocolate, roasted coconut and black pepper."	Annaté IV	90	65	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Falcone 2010 Annaté IV Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Falcone
US	"This may be the quintessential site among the extensive Milbrandt vineyards that produce much of the K Vintners Syrah lineup. The Northridge bottling has amazing purity and concentration, with a beguiling mix of deep berry fruits and gravelly minerality. Supple power, muscular and dense."	Northridge Vineyard	94	35	Washington	Wahluke Slope	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	K Vintners 2008 Northridge Vineyard Syrah (Wahluke Slope)	Syrah	K Vintners
US	"A mixture of Pepper Bridge and Seven Hills vineyards, this offers aromas of orange peel, flowers and assorted blue fruit. It shows good depth and concentration of flavors with a gritty feel to the tannins."		90	47	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Reininger 2012 Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Reininger
Spain	"This is clean, fruity and appealing, with no aromas or flavors of heavy oak or weedy, roasted fruit. It offers cherry and berry flavors, with a healthy, quick finish that ends on a vanilla and mild spice note."		87	10	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Volteo 2010 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Volteo
Australia	"Hints of lemon curd and crème brûlée join peach and citrus, finishing with a surprising degree of elegance. Drink up."	Stamp of Australia	85	8	Australia Other	South Eastern Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Hardys 2014 Stamp of Australia Chardonnay (South Eastern Australia)	Chardonnay	Hardys
South Africa	"There's a pleasant and subtle chalky texture to this refreshing white, with aromas and flavors of white peach, underripe kiwi and orange peel. The cleanly fruited palate boasts great verve and liveliness, with tart gooseberry and lime flavors that unfold on the close. Drink now."	Bergkelder Selection	87	10	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Fleur Du Cap 2016 Bergkelder Selection Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fleur Du Cap
US	"This wine strikes a balance between crispness and fullness as it offers tart green apple aromas, richer, riper apple and Bosc pear flavors and a texture that's more rounded than sharp."	Big Valley	88	19	California	Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Pech Merle 2016 Big Valley Sauvignon Blanc (Lake County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Pech Merle
Australia	"A surprisingly lackluster performance for this well-known Western Australia brand. Lime and grapefruit flavors are clean and pleasant but the wine lacks much in the way of intensity or weight. It's good, but no more. Imported by Blue Water Wine Company. Imported by Howard Park Wines."		85	20	Western Australia	Western Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Howard Park 2006 Riesling (Western Australia)	Riesling	Howard Park
US	"This wine is just over two-thirds Merlot, the balance in Syrah, Malbec and Cabernet Franc. Dark plum, coffee, bittersweet chocolate and spice aromas are followed by medium-bodied fruit flavors backed by plump tannins. It goes down easy."	The Expedition	88	16	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Canoe Ridge 2015 The Expedition Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Canoe Ridge
France	"A full, structured wine, showing attractive damson and blackberry flavors along with a strong element of wood aging. The wine is rich, its juicy Merlot character joined with final acidity."		89	40	Bordeaux	Canon-Fronsac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut-Francarney 2010  Canon-Fronsac	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut-Francarney
US	"This wine's tart, high-pitched acidity greets the palate with a youthful splash of lemon and lime before revealing its true concentration of rich toasted oak and baked apple flavor. Fulsome on the palate, it ends on a taste of the tropics."	Reserve	88	45	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kunde 2015 Reserve Chardonnay (Sonoma Valley)	Chardonnay	Kunde
Brazil	"This Brazilian Merlot smells rubbery and gaseous, with saucy berry notes. In the mouth, this is severely tannic and drying. Toasty, blackened and bitter in flavor, this ends with peppery notes and hard-pounding tannins."	Agnus	85	12	Serra Gaúcha			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lidio Carraro 2014 Agnus Merlot (Serra Gaúcha)	Merlot	Lidio Carraro
US	"Simply a spectacular wine; a Napa prototype for fabulous Cabernet. Cassis, tobacco and cedar commingle on the nose, followed by luscious cassis fruit that's backed up by exemplary barrel notes—both in flavor and in texture. So smooth and deft, it's the epitome of class. Give it about five years in the cellar and then indulge."	Reserve	94	100	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Harrison 1997 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Harrison
US	"A blend from several of the producer's finest vineyards, including Georganne, Flax, Olivet Lane and Klopp, this offers complex notes of smoky lavender and licorice. Velvety texture underlies mouth-coating flavors of blackberry jam, pomegranate and cardamom, finishing tartly in acidity."		93	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Merry Edwards 2014 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Merry Edwards
Spain	"There's virtually no bouquet to this wine, and the palate follows suit with a flat feel and hollow, faded flavors of balsamic-doused cherry and herb. It seems aged and dried out."	Reserva	83	10	Central Spain	La Mancha		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Vieja 2004 Reserva Tempranillo (La Mancha)	Tempranillo	Finca Vieja
US	"This old-vine (planted 1972) Pinot offers delicate, yet complex details throughout the palate. It's elegant winemaking at its best—a pinpoint mix of herb, stone, berry and barrel—seamless and precise. Despite (or perhaps because of?) the low alcohol, this has the potential to age; try after 2018."	Maresh Vineyard	92	60	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Kelley Fox 2011 Maresh Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Kelley Fox
US	"A whiff of Graham cracker lends a warm, spicy tone to youthful black cherry and plum flavors in this bold blend that includes small proportions of Cabernet Franc, Malbec and Cabernet Sauvignon. Lush and fruity on the palate, it maintains elegance with a vein of granite minerality and grippy, mouthfilling tannins."	Reserve	89	34	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		T'Jara 2010 Reserve Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Red Blend	T'Jara
France	"This is a dense and rich wine that shows both smoothness as well as an edgy mineral texture. It's weighty on the palate with ripe white and yellow fruits and a rounded, juicy character. Fruit and wood aging are still coming together, so give it some time. Drink this stylish wine from 2016."	Cuvée Signature Les Chenevottes Premier Cru	90	78	Burgundy	Chassagne-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Bouchard Aîné & Fils 2011 Cuvée Signature Les Chenevottes Premier Cru  (Chassagne-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Bouchard Aîné & Fils
France	"This is a delicious wine that's ready to drink while keeping a good sense of its austere structure. It has weight, richness and a juicy black-fruit character. The finish is bright with acidity. Not for aging."		91	36	Provence	Bandol		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine le Galantin 2006 Red (Bandol)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine le Galantin
US	"Fresh-pressed raspberry, plums, dried sagebrush, wild thyme and a touch of mustard plant show on the nose of this wine, recalling a hike through the chaparral. Light but ripe cranberry fruit shows on the easygoing sip, alongside oregano, vanilla and rhubarb."	Estate	89	40	California	Santa Clara Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Sarah's Vineyard 2014 Estate Pinot Noir (Santa Clara Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sarah's Vineyard
France	"This is a refreshing, lemon-flavored wine. Attractive crispness comes out of the mineral texture and perfumed acidity. Light and still young, this will age to be ready to drink from late 2016."	Beaucharme	86	60	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Max 2014 Beaucharme  (Bourgogne)	Chardonnay	Louis Max
France	"Based in Vértus, at the southern end of the Côte des Blancs, Colin is a family-owned grower. The style is full-on, fruity, but with an attractive oxidative bottle-aged edge that rounds the texture out. There is some tight minerality and the wine is finely in balance."	Blanche de Castille Premier Cru Blanc de Blancs Brut	90	50	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Colin NV Blanche de Castille Premier Cru Blanc de Blancs Brut Chardonnay (Champagne)	Chardonnay	Colin
Argentina	"Graphite and lead pencil aromas mix with toasty berry scents. It's solid and textured in the mouth, with creamy oak flavors alongside sawdust, milk chocolate and sweet berry notes. Deep and solid on the finish, but it trails behind Adrianna wines from recent vintages."	Adrianna Vineyard	91	150	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Catena Zapata 2008 Adrianna Vineyard Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Catena Zapata
US	"The ??? Pinot from Ayoub is a true mystery wine, made with fruit sourced from unnameable but exceptionally high-end sources. Flavors are subtle and elegant, with lovely floral top notes over firm, well-balanced fruit and chewy tannins. Still quite young and compact, this wine needs another five years at a minimum to blossom. Drink 2020–2030."	??? Vineyard	92	55	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ayoub 2013 ??? Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Ayoub
Italy	"Bold, full-bodied and polished, this opens with aromas that recall violets, ripe plums, red berries and cake spices. The smooth, savory palate delivers juicy Morello cherries, black raspberries, cinnamon, mocha, white pepper and a hint of mint. Generous, velvety tannins provide the framework and add finesse."		93	54	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	San Rustico 2010  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	San Rustico
Argentina	"Black fruit and graphite aromas come with an earthy heaviness. This is intense, with driving tannins pushing the flavors of black plum and stewed meat. The finish is big and fruity, with a rubbery feel."		85	11	Mendoza Province	Tupungato		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Andeluna 2010 Merlot (Tupungato)	Merlot	Andeluna
Chile	"A solid wine with a good mix of herbal, cola and red-fruit aromas. It deals spanking red fruit flavors and a sprinkle of vanilla and chocolate on the racy finish. For a short, fresh and clean wine, Aresti's Cab makes the grade."	Reserve	86	14	Rio Claro			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2005 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rio Claro)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Aresti
US	"This wine gives all kind of reductive funkiness on the nose, with overpowering rubber and tar aromas. It's sour once sipped and too tannic to drink right now, but time may forgive a little bit."	Blackfoot	82	50	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wild Coyote 2012 Blackfoot Tempranillo (Paso Robles)	Tempranillo	Wild Coyote
US	"This wine is a blend of Two Blondes Cabernet Franc (50%), Benches Merlot (34%) and Dionysus Cabernet Sauvignon. Appealing scents of green herb, dark cherry and barrel spice are followed by plentiful cranberry and cherry flavors. It shows an exquisite sense of balance along with a lengthy finish."	Stage Right	91	35	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Script 2013 Stage Right Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Script
Italy	"Made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is bright and intense, and it shows notes of dark fruit, spice, leather, prune, rum cake and tobacco, plus aged aromas of black licorice and cured meat. Fine, dusty tannins mark the close."	Farnito	91	65	Tuscany	Toscana				Carpineto 2005 Farnito Cabernet Sauvignon (Toscana)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Carpineto
New Zealand	"Possibly just in a sullen phase, this reserve bottling from Craggy's home vineyard is dominated for the moment by smoke and cedar on the nose, and while there is some cherry fruit apparent in the mouth, it doesn't appear to be fully expressing itself. The impression is of a wine that's tightly coiled and may yet improve with another year or two of aging."	Te Muna Aroha	89	70	Martinborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Craggy Range 2006 Te Muna Aroha Pinot Noir (Martinborough)	Pinot Noir	Craggy Range
US	"Simple but meaty, this 100% Merlot has substantial weight in the midpalate. There are plenty of powerful herbal flavors, yet the grapes seem ripe enough, offering prune and cassis and a little pepper from aging in American oak."		86	10	Washington	Rattlesnake Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Hyatt 2005 Merlot (Rattlesnake Hills)	Merlot	Hyatt
US	"Lake Chelan is one of the few regions in Washington State that can take a whack at growing Pinot Noir. For this bottling, the winemakers elected to blend in 5% Malbec—a small percentage, but one that seems to have taken over the flavor. Not a trace of Pinot Noir character remains, just a strong Bourbon-barrel flavor and a bit of alcoholic heat."	Clos CheValle Reserve	85	34	Washington	Lake Chelan	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Wapato Point Cellars 2009 Clos CheValle Reserve Pinot Noir (Lake Chelan)	Pinot Noir	Wapato Point Cellars
US	"Packed with juicy berry flavors, this outgoing wine blends great freshness and pure grape flavors with a lip-smacking texture of tannins and acidity that keep it well balanced. It resembles black berry, raspberry and boysenberry juices, has a tangy mouthfeel and lingering, tingly finish."		91	25	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Paul Dolan 2013 Zinfandel (Mendocino)	Zinfandel	Paul Dolan
France	"This 50/50 Duras and Syrah blend from father and son Jean Paul and Nicolas Hirissou is a ripe, fruity wine that is attractively mature. It is finely integrated with berry fruits that are lifted by the acidity and given a fine shape by the gentle tannins. The wine is ready to drink."		88	12	Southwest France	Gaillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Moulin 2013 Red (Gaillac)	Red Blend	Domaine du Moulin
France	"A wonderfully aromatic nose of blossom and Conference pear is very appetizing. The palate comes in with pear-fruited generosity and an almost oily mouthfeel that speaks of the power of this concentrated wine. There is a pleasant edge of pithy bitterness that acts as a counterpoint to the inherent richness and ripeness of the fruit alongside fresh acidity. This is balanced and rounded and just off dry with a lovely, fresh structure that echoes long. There is great aging potential here. Drink 2017–2030."	Clos Saint Landelin Vorbourg Grand Cru	93	50	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	René Muré 2015 Clos Saint Landelin Vorbourg Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	René Muré
Australia	"Based on this example and a few other informal tastings, 2014 will be a top vintage for Rieslings from Western Australia. Aromas of lime sherbet and wet stone lead into a crisply focused palate loaded with citrusy tartness that lingers on the mouthwatering finish. Drink now with shellfish, and consider holding some for up to 10 years."		92	21	Western Australia	Great Southern		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Plantagenet 2014 Riesling (Great Southern)	Riesling	Plantagenet
France	"90-92 New wood aromas, and a tight palate, very toasty in character. Blackberry juice is under the wood, with the relief of final acidity."	Barrel sample	91	60	Bordeaux	Fronsac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Fontenil 2010 Barrel sample  (Fronsac)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Fontenil
US	"Penetrating notes of melon, stone fruit and white florals set apart this lavish Riesling from Anthony Road. Semisweet in style with honeyed fruit flavors, it's balanced by bracing lime acidity and crushed-stone minerality that extends the finish."	Martini Reinhardt Selection	91	30	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Anthony Road 2009 Martini Reinhardt Selection Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Anthony Road
Italy	"Aromas of wild cherry, raspberry, rose, grilled herb and a balsamic note follow through to the firm palate along with fresh mint and orange zest. Fine-grained tannins and fresh acidity support the juicy flavors."	Capotondo	90	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castelvecchi 2012 Capotondo  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Castelvecchi
Spain	"Intense up front, with potent black fruit aromas offset by a lactic creaminess. Racy and juicy in the mouth as bright, penetrating blackberry flavors hit hard and then are softened by flavors of chocolate and mocha. Feels a little acidic and strained, but should age nicely for up to five years."	Roureda Llicorella Clàssic	89	20	Catalonia	Priorat		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cellers Unió 2007 Roureda Llicorella Clàssic Red (Priorat)	Red Blend	Cellers Unió
Italy	"What a wonderful wine to pair with game hen or roasted quail. This delicate and elegant expression boasts a superripe lining of strawberry and blueberry jam that gives this wine a youthful, more approachable quality."		90	43	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Rizzi 2006  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Rizzi
US	"This is an earthy, ethereal, lighter-bodied wine. It's satisfyingly varietal and shines in blue fruit, sarsaparilla, strawberry hulls and touches of a forest floor's trove of mushrooms. Well-hewn acidity gives it a freshness and structure with a background of firm tannin."	Campbell Ranch Vineyard	92	54	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Gros Ventre 2013 Campbell Ranch Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Gros Ventre
France	"The Pfleck vineyard with its clay and limestone soil gives a rich style of Pinot Gris. This wine, with its intense spice and lychee flavors, is typical. It has a crisp edge but the ripe fruitiness and touch of pepper give weight and richness. Drink now."	Pfleck	88	28	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Barmès-Buecher 2012 Pfleck Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Domaine Barmès-Buecher
US	"Temptingly ripe aromas and flavors make this a very generous wine. It also has some complexity due to a slight earthy, savory accent in the aroma that returns on the finish. Medium to full bodied, it will pair well with robust, meaty dishes and will be perfect for sipping after a meal."	Lot 464	88	13	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cameron Hughes 2012 Lot 464 Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Cameron Hughes
Portugal	"From Crasto's new vineyards in the eastern Douro Superior, this is a hot country wine resulting in superrich, full-bodied character with a surprising richness. It is soft, the tannins comfortably embedded in the cushion of ample fruit"	Crasto Superior	89	24	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Crasto 2009 Crasto Superior Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Crasto
South Africa	"This light and approachable wine boasts easy notes of green apple, melon rind and a touch of hay. The mouth shows more citrus dominance, with a brisk lemon-lime character staying through the finish. Drink now."		86	10	Western Cape			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Two Oceans 2011 Sauvignon Blanc (Western Cape)	Sauvignon Blanc	Two Oceans
US	"I love this Sauvignon Blanc for its dryness and freshness, its acidity that cleanses the mouth so well, and its subtle complexity. The green grass, lime and ruby grapefruit flavors are enriched with dates, vanilla and candied ginger, while the long, spicy finish is just perfect."	Home Ranch	91	20	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Sbragia 2006 Home Ranch Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Sbragia
Italy	"This dark, concentrated wine offers flavors of blackberry preserves, peanuts, hickory and smoked barbecue sauce. The wine is succulent and slightly sweet."	Poggio Maestrino Annosesto	88	25	Tuscany	Toscana				Erik Banti 2004 Poggio Maestrino Annosesto Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Erik Banti
US	"This blends cool-climate Syrah (50%) from the Edna Valley with warmer-site Petite Sirah (45%) and Grenache (5%) and shows candied cinnamon, black cherry, plum and cedar aromas. Tangy black plum and raspberry notes lead the palate, underpinned by chewy tannins."	Mosaico	88	33	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Trenza 2012 Mosaico Red (San Luis Obispo County)	Red Blend	Trenza
US	"Expressively aromatic, this is sourced from the Lawrence Vineyards on the Royal Slope. It bursts from the glass with scents of body powder, lilacs and lemon oil. It gracefully weaves those accents into a rich body with floral, citrus and tree fruit flavors, rounded off with just a hint of residual sugar. Still medium dry, this is a versatile wine to sip and enjoy solo or with light picnic foods."	The Gnome	91	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Finn Hill 2013 The Gnome Riesling (Columbia Valley (WA))	Riesling	Finn Hill
Italy	"Aromas of cedar, plum, red currant, clove and menthol unfold in the glass. An easy-drinking blend of 45% Merlot, 40% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Sangiovese, the juicy palate delivers black cherry, blackberry, ground pepper and licorice alongside soft, polished tannins. Drink through 2018."	Poggio alla Guardia	88	25	Tuscany	Maremma Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rocca di Frassinello 2013 Poggio alla Guardia  (Maremma Toscana)	Red Blend	Rocca di Frassinello
Italy	"Made from Sangiovese, this savory wine opens with earthy underbrush and berry aromas, accented by a whiff of spice. The palate offers bright cherry layered with licorice and espresso notes. Pair this with pasta topped with meat sauces."		87	19	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fossacolle 2011  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Fossacolle
US	"Blackberry and cherry go toe-to-toe with a dark, savory element full of granite, dusty herbs and earth in this elegantly restrained red wine. A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot, it offers a more muted expression of black fruit lifted by bright acidity and fine feathery tannins."	Motley Cru	88	35	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Brooklyn Oenology 2012 Motley Cru Red (North Fork of Long Island)	Red Blend	Brooklyn Oenology
US	"Flavor-wise, this is a huge wine, bursting with raspberries, cherries and persimmons. The texture is pure silk and satin, as light and airy as Pinot gets, yet with a ghostly weight. Drink now with your most Pinot-friendly foods."	Orange Label	89	45	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Roadhouse Winery 2011 Orange Label Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Roadhouse Winery
Germany	"While the nose is quite neutral, the palate of this off-dry Riesling boasts ripe, concentrated peach and apricot flavors bolstered by sunny lemon acidity. Juicy and mouthwatering, it's a lively sip to be enjoyed young."		88	15	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Von Schleinitz 2014 Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Von Schleinitz
US	"Vanilla cream and a stony minerality form around a bitterness of preserved lemon and a touch of heat, that takes on an abundance of intensity on the finish."		83	26	California	Calistoga	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Vermeil 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Calistoga)	Sauvignon Blanc	Vermeil
US	"Feels harsh and angular in the mouth, with overripe raisin flavors. Not going anywhere."	Blackbird	81	30	California	California	California Other			Casa Tiene Vista 2010 Blackbird Merlot (California)	Merlot	Casa Tiene Vista
US	"This is a pretty impressive wine being offered for an almost unheard-of price, the fruit sourced largely from Russian River Valley and the Sonoma Coast. Cardamom and cinnamon figure in, with a lightness of body and high-toned strawberry and cherry belying an underlying richness that'll satisfy."	Olema	88	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Amici 2014 Olema Pinot Noir (Sonoma County)	Pinot Noir	Amici
France	"Enticingly bracing grapefruit freshness streams from the glass. The palate has a milder sort of freshness—think very ripe bright lemon notes. The flavors are pleasingly focused—sharp and clean, with dryness and a soaring freshness that lightens up everything. There is a wonderfully light touch here. It's a beautiful and totally refreshing wine. Drink 2017–2030."	Wineck-Schlossberg Grand Cru	94	44	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Jean-Marc Bernhard 2015 Wineck-Schlossberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Jean-Marc Bernhard
Argentina	"Spicy red-plum aromas are dry and gritty, but fresh. This firm feeling Cab holds its own on the palate, which is tannic and a bit sandpapery. Tight, juicy flavors of spicy plum finish long, dry and mildly salty tasting."	Estate Bottled	85	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Carmine Granata 2010 Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bodega Carmine Granata
US	"All six Bordeaux grapes make an appearance in this well-oaked spicebox of a red. It's just plain delicious, from the first sniff on through. The firm mid-palate shows pretty blue, purple and black fruits, a touch of black olive, black tea, and those oh-so-tasty baking spices."	Private Blend	91	28	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Nodland 2008 Private Blend Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Nodland
Spain	"Earthy plum and raspberry aromas are subtle. This is tight on the palate, with firm tannins and slightly elevated acidity. Earthy, lightly toasted raspberry and plum flavors finish dry. As a whole, this is well made and exceeds expectations."	Joven Made with Organically Grown Grapes	89	13	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Osoti 2013 Joven Made with Organically Grown Grapes  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Osoti
France	This is a crisp juicy wine showing the bright red fruits of the vintage. It still has its tannins intact along with plenty of black-currant acidity and a dry aftertaste that will soften over the next few months. Drink from late 2017.		87	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Bordes-Quancard 2014  Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Bordes-Quancard
France	"A rare rosé Champagne whose color comes from Pinot Noir skins rather than from added red wine, this has vivid colors of orange and onion skin. It is rich, tasting as much like wine as like sparkling wine, with a full and ripe, yet dry, feel."	Rosé de Saignée Brut	88	69	Champagne	Champagne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Tendil & Lombardi 2007 Rosé de Saignée Brut Pinot Noir (Champagne)	Pinot Noir	Tendil & Lombardi
US	"Grown on the higher ground near Anderson Valley, this wine has a rather light color with a transparent, tawny rim. It's a likeable, lean wine with vivid black tea, cranberry and red cherry in both the aromas and the flavor. Tannins are firm but light. It offers good astringency, medium body and a lingering spicy finish."	Weir Vineyard	91	48	California	Yorkville Highlands	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Baxter 2013 Weir Vineyard Pinot Noir (Yorkville Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Baxter
US	"This wine is made from a collection of vineyards dotted along mountainous ridge lines and benchlands, most of these spots along the Mayacamas Mountains. Winemaker Randy Ullom captures a classic character of dried sage, cedar and pencil shavings here, supporting the savory with bright acidity and a strong presence of tannin. This wine could stand more time in the bottle before enjoying; its youthful grip doesn't go without notice."		90	38	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Jackson Estate 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jackson Estate
US	"This big, buttery Chardonnay will especially appeal to those who like California-style flavors; here enhanced with the firm acids characteristic of Washington State. There is a generous streak of vanilla cream, a soft and very buttery mouthfeel, yet the fruit has enough precision and focus that the wine does not lose definition. Delicious now, this is a wine to drink over the next three or four years."	Conner Lee Vineyard	90	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Arbor Crest 2006 Conner Lee Vineyard Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Arbor Crest
Italy	"Cabernet Franc, Merlot and Sangiovese Grosso create a wine with thick, milky concentration, harmony and feminine elegance. The wine seems compact in its essence but reveals many delicate notes that recall forest floor, cherry cola and black currants."	Ombre	90	60	Tuscany	Maremma				Poggio Mandorlo 2004 Ombre  (Maremma)	Red Blend	Poggio Mandorlo
US	"Reduced on the nose, this wine has a nuttiness and a petrol-like quality that colors its otherwise thin dried plum flavor. Low in oak, it will pair well with traditional Italian fare."	Estate St. Helena Vineyard	85	32	California	St. Helena	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Benessere 2014 Estate St. Helena Vineyard Sangiovese (St. Helena)	Sangiovese	Benessere
Italy	"Aromas of wild cherry, raspberry, rose, grilled herb and a balsamic note follow through to the firm palate along with fresh mint and orange zest. Fine-grained tannins and fresh acidity support the juicy flavors."	Capotondo	90	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castelvecchi 2012 Capotondo  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Castelvecchi
France	There is an attractive orange-zest tang to this rounded wine. It brings out ripe yellow fruits that have acidity to add to the mineral texture of this balanced wine. It is ready to drink.	Collection	86	30	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	L. Tramier & Fils 2015 Collection  (Saint-Véran)	Chardonnay	L. Tramier & Fils
US	"This Dr. Crane vineyard has really rocked in recent vintages. Enormously rich and deep, with a fabulous compaction of black currant, dark chocolate, baking spice and cedar flavors. There's an interesting grilled meatiness, like the charred fat on a great steak, and lots of new oak, but it's perfectly integrated. The smoky, toasty barrel notes are perfect companions to the fruit's power. Drink this 100% Cab now and over the next 12–15 years."	Beckstoffer Dr. Crane Vineyard	95	145	California	St. Helena	Napa			B Cellars 2009 Beckstoffer Dr. Crane Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (St. Helena)	Cabernet Sauvignon	B Cellars
US	"Here's a light, spicy, pretty red wine, mixing juicy and sweet plum and purple grape flavors with plenty of acid. You might pick up hints of tobacco, a little white pepper; the acids keep the wine fresh and the fruit is youthful and vibrant."	Umpqua Cuvée	87	20	Oregon	Southern Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abacela 2006 Umpqua Cuvée Tempranillo (Southern Oregon)	Tempranillo	Abacela
Australia	"Complex, rich and weighty, this is a Chardonnay that avoids overt fruitiness in favor of scents of truffle, tobacco and earth, then folds in flavors of honey and spice. Drink now."	Maxwell Vineyard	90	30	New South Wales	Hunter Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Peter Howland 2005 Maxwell Vineyard Chardonnay (Hunter Valley)	Chardonnay	Peter Howland
US	"Clocking in at a lower alcohol level than most white wines in the state let alone reds, this offers gentle aromas of raspberry, cherry and woodspice. It's light bodied, soft and airy in feel, not fully standing out on its own but perfectly suited for the dinner table."	Estate	86	28	Washington	Lake Chelan	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tsillan 2012 Estate Sangiovese (Lake Chelan)	Sangiovese	Tsillan
France	"A medium-bodied, easy-drinking Côtes du Rhône, with modestly concentrated cherry fruit and some earthy elements. Drink now."	La Grivelière Tete de Cuvee	84	11	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Père Anselme 2009 La Grivelière Tete de Cuvee Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Père Anselme
US	"With fruit hailing mostly from Sonoma (83%), this Overlook also sources from Monterey (11%) and Santa Barbara counties (6%) to craft a barrel-influenced wine that's intense in caramel, lemon and vanilla sugar, rich yet balanced."	Overlook	89	23	California	Sonoma County-Monterey County-Santa Barbara County	California Other	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Landmark 2012 Overlook Chardonnay (Sonoma County-Monterey County-Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Landmark
France	"Full and ripe, the wine has smooth flavors of apricots, ripe apples and pears and a structure that includes wood tastes. It's a rich wine, hinting at spice and showing fresh, juicy acidity at the end. Drink until 2019."	Grande Fumé	91	37	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Fournier Père et Fils 2010 Grande Fumé  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fournier Père et Fils
France	"Herbal aromas give this young wine its freshness, with bright acidity and crisp texture. Green fruits are laced with a touch of minerality and freshness. Drink from 2017."	Le Grand Argentier	86	23	Loire Valley	Menetou-Salon		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Laporte 2014 Le Grand Argentier  (Menetou-Salon)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Laporte
US	"A nice wine, good and dry. It has forward peach, pineapple, apricot and oaky vanilla and caramel flavors, and a finely acidic finish."		85	20	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Bearboat 2004 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Bearboat
France	"Deep pink in color, this gently fruity wine has too much caramel flavor. It offers red currant fruit at the end and attractive acidity."	La Rosée de Ramage	84	14	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Ramage la Batisse 2014 La Rosée de Ramage Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Ramage la Batisse
US	"With fine acidity, grippy tannins and a tangy minerality, this Pinot offers complex flavors of sour-cherry candy, red currant, Dr. Pepper and spice that are laced with notes of dried herbs and white pepper. Turns dramatic on the midpalate, where the weight sinks in. Delicious now, this should develop over the next 6–8 years."	Quail Hill Vineyard Lynn's Blend	95	70	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Lynmar 2010 Quail Hill Vineyard Lynn's Blend Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Lynmar
US	"Soft and fruity, with a balanced mix of tropical fruit flavors—banana and pineapple—and juicy caramel, this appealing Chardonnay is drinking perfectly. There is just enough green apple tang to the finish to keep it fresh and focused through the finish."		88	14	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	O 2008 Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	O
Italy	"Firm and spicy, this blend of Sangiovese and 10% Merlot opens with aromas of black plum, crushed violet and kitchen spices. The juicy palate delivers ripe black cherry, licorice and clove alongside a backbone of tightly wound but refined tannins. Drink 2016–2020."	Crognolo	89	35	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Sette Ponti 2012 Crognolo Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tenuta Sette Ponti
US	"This wine is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (58%), Malbec (22%) and Merlot. Aromas of blue and red fruit and spice lead to tart, broad fruit flavors that winnow somewhat toward the finish. Still, it brings a lot of enjoyment."	Mike's Reserve	88	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Latah Creek NV Mike's Reserve Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Latah Creek
US	"Big, ripe waves of baked apple, pear and pineapple play on the palate in this rich wine, measured by a moderate helping of acidity. Quince and lime play supportive roles."		88	30	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Luke Donald 2013 Chardonnay (Carneros)	Chardonnay	Luke Donald
France	"Gascony was the birthplace of the Alexandre Dumas hero, D'Artagnan. This blended wine comes from vineyards around his childhood home. It has a wave of apples, oranges and zest fruitiness, with a crisp, fresh aftertaste."	Terres d'Artagnan Cuvée Excellence	86	7	Southwest France	Côtes de Gascogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Producteurs Plaimont 2013 Terres d'Artagnan Cuvée Excellence White (Côtes de Gascogne)	White Blend	Producteurs Plaimont
Portugal	"Earthy aromas lead to a wine that has some greenness, with dry tannins and bell pepper flavors. It is not likely to age."	Mina Velha	82	7	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta de São Sebastião 2011 Mina Velha Red (Lisboa)	Portuguese Red	Quinta de São Sebastião
US	"Rich and fine, this is extraordinarily decadent. Flavors of pineapple, mango, crème brûlée, buttered toast, honey and spicy oak are wrapped in a note of vanilla cream, and brightened with crisp acidity. A bit heavy and seemingly sweet, this is showing its best now."	River Block	90	60	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Rochioli 2010 River Block Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Rochioli
US	"From the producer's estate ranch, a coveted source of Chardonnay and Pinot Noir, this is a 100% stainless-steel wine, low in ripeness, that's enthusiastic in watermelon, cherry and strawberry, smelling like summer. Dark pink-red in color, it's crisp, light, tangy in acidity and everything you want in a quaffing wine."	Rosé of	91	19	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Charles Heintz 2014 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Charles Heintz
US	"Smooth, polished and suave describes this tenor of a wine that ranges from high notes to dark plum and fig baritone flavors that resonate through the lingering finish. It's a deft blend of Syrah, Grenache and Mourvèdre."	Dante's Inferno	91	38	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dante Robere 2014 Dante's Inferno Red (California)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Dante Robere
US	"Tastes as sweet as a granola candy bar, with raspberry and cherry fruit, roasted almond, honey and cinnamon spice flavors. Way too simple and sugary, especially at this price."	Rodgers Vineyard	85	33	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Cenay 2010 Rodgers Vineyard Pinot Noir (Oak Knoll District)	Pinot Noir	Cenay
France	"A wine that is rich in both tannins and ripe fruit. The 45% Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend gives the concentration of the wine, with spice and black berry fruits that are given an extra richness by the intense dark plums. The wine needs aging, so drink from 2018."		91	24	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Haut-Logat 2010  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Haut-Logat
US	"Perfumed with oak and smoke, this is a full-bodied, robustly built and powerful reserve-level wine, the fruit taking on a candied berry quality as it opens. Soft tannins fill out the palate, while a layering of pepper and cinnamon notes weigh in, taking full strength on the finish."	Reserve	88	55	California	Chiles Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Frank Family 2014 Reserve Zinfandel (Chiles Valley)	Zinfandel	Frank Family
Portugal	"Earthy aromas are a hallmark of the Baga grape, a component of this full-bodied, tannic blend. With weight and richness, a mint note and new wood flavors, it is a serious wine that still should develop over three years."	Quinta das Baceladas	92	29	Bairrada			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Aliança 2007 Quinta das Baceladas Red (Bairrada)	Portuguese Red	Caves Aliança
France	"This lush wine will be too oaky for purists, but there is no denying the superb quality of the underlying fruit. It's full-bodied, soft and succulent in texture, with cassis fruit framed by ample cedar and vanilla. A blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah. Drink now–2018."	Guy Louis	90	28	Rhône Valley	Côtes du Rhône		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Tardieu-Laurent 2008 Guy Louis Red (Côtes du Rhône)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Tardieu-Laurent
Chile	"This wine varies in quality and perception based on when in its lifespan you taste it. Now, toward the end of the line, it's tropical and hanging in there, with green apple, citrus and other typical SB aromas and flavors. Even with 15% Carmenère in the blend for kicks, it's standard and workmanlike."		85	11	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	oops 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Central Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	oops
US	"Baked plum, red cherries, dried sage and a touch of gingerbread show on the nose of this appellation blend. Fresh and fruity red cherry and ripe pomegranate pop on the palate, where wet dirt, black sage and thyme combine for a very complex sip."	Partners' Reserve	91	39	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Soquel Vineyards 2013 Partners' Reserve Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Soquel Vineyards
Italy	"Aromas of chopped herb, ground peppercorn, exotic spice and a balsamic note lift out of the glass. The taut palate offers dark cherry, raspberry, cinnamon and licorice alongside austere, fine-grained tannins."	Muntacc	89	28	Piedmont	Coste della Sesia		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Prevostura 2012 Muntacc Red (Coste della Sesia)	Red Blend	La Prevostura
US	"A fine, everyday Merlot, although a little rough, but nicely ripe and sweet in raspberry and cherry flavors. It's a country-style wine that will pair well with beef."		85	17	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Ancient Peaks 2010 Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	Ancient Peaks
Germany	"While 1976 in Germany was a benchmark vintage, known for ripe, intensely flavored Rieslings, this auslese feels frail and faded at nearly 39 years old. Still, it offers a fascinating glimpse at Riesling's intensely mineral character, once the ebullience of its fruit and perfume have faded. Tasting now only a touch off dry, it's intensely dusty, saline and mineral, with a lean, slightly astringent finish."	Kaseler Dominikanerberg Auslese	88	101	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		C. von Nell-Breuning 1976 Kaseler Dominikanerberg Auslese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	C. von Nell-Breuning
US	"A gigantic wine, one of the most powerful Syrahs in memory. Shows fabulously rich tannins from stem fermentation, sweet, spicy and earthy. The aromas and flavors are of mushrooms, grilled meat, blackberries, cherries, cola, black pepper and smoky cedar. Extraordinary depth and complexity, a very great California Syrah. Could soar off the charts in the next 2–3 years."	Bien Nacido Vineyard 25th Anniversary X-Block The Good Nacido	97	100	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Qupé 2006 Bien Nacido Vineyard 25th Anniversary X-Block The Good Nacido Syrah (Santa Maria Valley)	Syrah	Qupé
Chile	"A very saturated specimen, with hot, piercing aromas that soften and terminate at baked berry pie and marzipan. The palate is just as sweet and thick as the bouquet, with chunky plum, blackberry, chocolate and tobacco flavors. Finishes Porty and rich, with weight and not much tannin or structure."	Casa La Joya Gran Reserve	85	15	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Bisquertt 2007 Casa La Joya Gran Reserve Merlot (Colchagua Valley)	Merlot	Viña Bisquertt
US	"This wine starts off well with an aromatic mix of red fruit, citrus and toasted grain. The palate shows thick tannins and a stemmy finish which cut the flavors short."	Johan Vineyards	86	42	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Day 2015 Johan Vineyards Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Day
Spain	"Cool and ripe earthy berry aromas are nicely oaked and highly presentable. This feels a bit grabby and tannic, while savory salty roasted blackberry and oak flavors combine into a complex whole that finishes with minty oak and cola notes. Best from 2019 through 2023."	Selección Privada Alavesa	92	40	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Casado Morales 2011 Selección Privada Alavesa  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Casado Morales
US	"A bit jagged, but fully dry, with some nice sour-cherry candy, herb and spice flavors. A good wine for parties."		84	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Hill Wine Company 2009 Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Hill Wine Company
US	"This is a low-production wine sourced from a single block in the winery's estate vineyard. It has a modest oak influence and brisk acidity. The wine is easy to like with tart papaya, lime, peach and vanilla flavors."	Vineyard Block 4SB20	88	22	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			Kunde 2012 Vineyard Block 4SB20 Sauvignon Blanc (Sonoma Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kunde
US	"A bit weak on the nose, this shows more cement and mineral notes than fruit, though peach and red apple do arise with patience. The light red-fruit character shows on the palate, as does orange rind, orange blossom and a decently chalky grip."	Heart Note	85	27	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	LXV 2015 Heart Note Rosé (Paso Robles)	Rosé	LXV
US	"A tough, tannic wine, not showing much generosity due to the astringency. There's a great core of ripe, wild blackberries, blueberries, forest herbs and spices, but it is hard and somewhat rustic. A rich steak in blue cheese sauce will be a nice pairing. ."	Elevation	88	40	California	Rockpile	Sonoma			Paradise Ridge 2007 Elevation Cabernet Sauvignon (Rockpile)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Paradise Ridge
Italy	"Tornamira is a blend of Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot that shows dark and sophisticated aromas of cured meat, leather, Teriyaki sauce, black fruit and toasted almond. There's a modern touch of oaky spice on the finish, with soft, velvety tannins to boot."	Tornamira	91	35	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Feudo Disisa 2008 Tornamira Red (Sicilia)	Red Blend	Feudo Disisa
US	"This wine shows potent smoky aromas and big flavors that are almost more like grilled meat than fruit. It's made in an oaky, bold and obvious style with a firm, tannic texture."		85	12	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Pennywise 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Pennywise
US	"Dried herb and sage provide aromatic complexity before this full, generously styled wine takes on deeper, richer flavors of boysenberry, graphite and cedar. Soft oak and tannin provide approachability amid moderate structure."	Dollarhide Elevation	88	85	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	St. Supéry 2013 Dollarhide Elevation Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	St. Supéry
US	"Tight, juicy and tannic on the entry, this wine is medium bodied and layered in dusty oak, chocolate and black cherry. Lush and not overly oaked, it's a good choice for the table and for fans of Napa Valley ripeness."		88	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Emblem 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Emblem
France	"This light pink wine is warm, ripe and red-fruit flavored. It is soft and creamy with just the right amount of acidity. There's a refreshing, light aftertaste."	Calixte Rosé Brut	87	20	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cave de Hunawihr NV Calixte Rosé Brut Pinot Noir (Crémant d'Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Cave de Hunawihr
US	"A little sharp, with a sting throughout, but otherwise a fine, classic Cabernet brimming with flavor. Shows upfront blackberries, currants, chocolate-covered cherries, smoky vanilla and toast, wrapped into smooth, sturdy tannins. Could mellow and soften in the next several years."	Maxine's	88	33	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Bardessono 2006 Maxine's Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bardessono
US	"From two vineyards located in the warmer part of Santa Ynez Valley, this Sauvignon Blanc was mostly fermented in stainless steel, with a portion in neutal oak. The result is a nice, rich and creamy wine, slightly sweet in citrus, apricot and vanilla bean flavors, and balanced with crisp acidity."		87	12	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Rock Hollow 2009 Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Barbara County)	Sauvignon Blanc	Rock Hollow
France	"Despite incredible levels of ripeness—evidenced by notes of chocolate and dried fruit—this wine features a bit of garrigue on the nose and licorice flavors on the palate, which together impart a sense of freshness. Full bodied and richly textured, it ends in a silky dusting of cocoa powder-like tannins. Drink now–2020."	Vieilles Vignes	92	44	Rhône Valley	Gigondas		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Tardieu-Laurent 2009 Vieilles Vignes  (Gigondas)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Tardieu-Laurent
France	"Light and bright, this is a direct and easygoing rosé, with attractive aromas and flavors of red currant, ruby-red grapefruit rind, white melon and peach. The medium-weight palate is lifted by refreshing, citrus-flavored acidity, ending with an orange and strawberry-hull fueled finish."	Tête de Cuvée Grain de Gris	86	10	Languedoc-Roussillon	Sable de Camargue		Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Listel 2013 Tête de Cuvée Grain de Gris Rosé (Sable de Camargue)	Rosé	Listel
France	"This no-herbicide, hand-picked, hilltop Merlot-Cabernet Sauvignon-Petit Verdot blend is rich with attractive acidity and ripe strawberry fruits. Its tannins present a structure for fruity texture. A wine from Bordeaux wine guru Professor Denis Dubourdieu's stable, it has concentration and a dense dark aftertaste. Drink from 2017."		88	24	Bordeaux	Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Reynon 2012  Cadillac Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Reynon
US	"There is loads of freshly crushed black pepper in this dry, robust Zin. It's almost enough to make you sneeze. You'll also find good blackberry fruit and heady alcohol. Drink up."		85	17	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Dominican Oaks 2010 Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	Dominican Oaks
Portugal	"A structured wine, this reflects the granite soil of the Dão. Fruit from seven vineyards is blended to make this firm, tannin- and black-currant-driven selection. Perfumes from the Touriga Nacional lend lift to the finish."	Colheita	87	11	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa da Passarella 2009 Colheita Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Casa da Passarella
Peru	"Roasted and earthy smelling, with a pinch of iodine and even a whiff of bacon or ham. Rich, full and a touch sticky on the tongue, with baked berry and chocolate flavors. Mellow and sweet on the back end. 100% Malbec."	Halcón de la Viña	85	15	Ica			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Tacama 2008 Halcón de la Viña Malbec (Ica)	Malbec	Tacama
France	"Based in Humbligny, midway between Menetou-Salon and Sancerre, this producer has vines in both appellations. A delicate, perfumed wine, this enjoys a good balance between acidity and apple and white peach flavors. It's rounded, full in the mouth and ready to drink."		87	25	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Champarlan 2014  Sancerre	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine de Champarlan
Austria	"The faintest touch of vanilla and cream barely manages to contain the fragrance of white summer blossom. The palate offers a return to classically restrained, creamy but well-integrated oaked Chardonnay with light-footed balance."		90	19	Burgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Hannes Reeh 2013 Chardonnay (Burgenland)	Chardonnay	Hannes Reeh
Italy	"A few minutes in the glass releases quintessential Sangiovese aromas of ripe dark-skinned berry, underbrush, baking spice, tobacco, leather and a floral note. The elegant, balanced palate doles out juicy Morello cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon and white pepper alongside polished, velvety tannins and fresh acidity. It's already almost accessible but also shows staying power. Drink from 2018 through 2025."		95	46	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Il Colle 2010  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Il Colle
US	"The estate's top Bordeaux blend, it's full-bodied and inviting, a vibrant bowl-full of red and black fruits, laced with baking spices. A worthy follow-up to the winery's outstanding 2004, this fruit-driven, well-balanced and flat-out bodacious style of winemaking should have enormous consumer appeal. Can it improve in the cellar? Give it five years to find out."	Destiny	90	45	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Alexandria Nicole 2005 Destiny Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Red Blend	Alexandria Nicole
US	"There sure is a lot of ripe flavor in this Pinot, which swamps the tastebuds with raspberries, cherries, vanilla and sweet oak. It's basically a dry wine, with smooth tannins, but it is deficient in acidity. That steals some liveliness, and makes the richness taste flat."	San Remo Vineyard	87	49	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Signaterra 2009 San Remo Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Signaterra
US	"Ryan Cochrane left his San Francisco advertising gig in 2009 to make wine, and this bottling is evidence he made the right move. Wild mint shrubs, dried purple violets, elderflowers and pencil shavings show on the nose. The palate is heavily spiced with sagebrush, eucalyptus and other chaparral elements found near this increasingly amazing vineyard adjacent to Highway 101."	Solomon Hills Vineyard	93	43	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Ryan Cochrane 2013 Solomon Hills Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Ryan Cochrane
US	"This broad-textured, complex and indulgent Rhône-style blend has cedar, cola and blackberry aromas and concentrated fruit, earth and spice flavors. Milk chocolate richness emerges on the midpalate and plays through the finish."	No 735	90	35	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Terra d'Oro 2013 No 735 Red (Amador County)	Red Blend	Terra d'Oro
Argentina	"Blueberry, plum and cardamom aromas include a whiff of wood smoke. A balanced palate has energy along with brambly berry and chocolate flavors. A chewy, solid finish is good but less lively than the palate."	Icon	88	20	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Rubus 2014 Icon Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Rubus
US	"Full bodied, dry and warmly fruity, this ripe-tasting and lush-textured wine has just enough tannin to add a little grip to each sip."		86	13	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cupcake 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cupcake
France	"This wine is spicy, fruity and immediately attractiv with ripe yellow fruits as well as acidity and zesty lime. Balanced and refreshing, this lively wine is ready to drink."		88	25	Burgundy	Mâcon-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Christophe Cordier 2014  Mâcon-Fuissé	Chardonnay	Christophe Cordier
Australia	"The ample alcohol in this wine imparts a rich slightly syrupy feel to this wine that's not particularly Pinot-like, but still satisfying. Strawberry and raspberry notes carry a hint of tomato leaf, then finish with crisp acids."	The Feral Fox	88	32	South Australia	Adelaide Hills		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	D'Arenberg 2012 The Feral Fox Pinot Noir (Adelaide Hills)	Pinot Noir	D'Arenberg
US	"The storied Carneros producer dips a toe into Oregon with this new release. It's got ample herbal aromatics and bright, brambly berry fruit, with cinnamon-stick highlights. Quite young and tight, it has a few rough edges to be smoothed out with additional bottle age. This will drink best from 2020–2025."	Yamhill Vista Vineyard	91	60	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Etude 2013 Yamhill Vista Vineyard Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Etude
US	"This was one of the best Rieslings of the year last vintage, and the '07 is even better. It's absolutely dry and superbly racy. Acidity, at .82, is one of the highest I've seen in years. Balancing that is a broad, complex array of citrus, peach, apple, flower, petrol, mineral and spice flavors. If California Riesling is making a comeback, it's because of wines like this."	The Shell Mound	92	24	California	Marin County	North Coast			Pey-Marin 2007 The Shell Mound Riesling (Marin County)	Riesling	Pey-Marin
France	"An intense and concentrated wine, with dense black fruits balanced by acidity. There is ripeness here, with a firm, ageworthy structure as well as delicious juicy Pinot Noir character."	Château Corton Grancey	93	129	Burgundy	Corton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2009 Château Corton Grancey  (Corton)	Pinot Noir	Louis Latour
Germany	"Unusually lean and precise for a 2006, this shows some very floral, perfumed notes on the nose, and then delivers crisp green apple and underripe melon flavors."	Prinz Salm Felseneck Wallhausen Spätlese	88	57	Nahe			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Schloss Wallhausen 2006 Prinz Salm Felseneck Wallhausen Spätlese Riesling (Nahe)	Riesling	Schloss Wallhausen
France	"This is one of the largest volume production Chablis, and it sings. Minerality and acidity go well with the ripe fruits and fresh acidity, bright and packed with grapefruit edginess."	La Sereine	88	25	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	La Chablisienne 2008 La Sereine  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	La Chablisienne
Spain	"Dry, spicy red-fruit and sawdust aromas are elegant. This is fresh, crisp and refined on the palate, with oak, plum, raspberry and tomato flavors that dry out and narrow down on a tight, well-framed finish."	FH Castrijo Crianza	90	15	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Hispana 2011 FH Castrijo Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Finca Hispana
New Zealand	"Lightweight and fresh, with beet green overtones to the tart, pie-cherry aromas and flavors. It's refreshing and vital right now, so drink it before the delicate fruit fades."		86	20	Canterbury			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	The Crater Rim 2014 Pinot Noir (Canterbury)	Pinot Noir	The Crater Rim
US	"Young and tight, this was fermented almost entirely in stainless, with a small percentage in neutral oak. Acids are true and bright, and the fruit a mix of apple, pear and white peach. There's a little heat in the finish; an indication that this is a substantial wine that can stand up to spicier dishes—something like tandoori chicken might be just the ticket."	Lewis Estate Shirley Mays	89	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dunham 2007 Lewis Estate Shirley Mays Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Dunham
US	"This is a beautiful red wine to drink now for its rich, ripe flavors and overall balance. It's soft in acids and fine in tannins, offering heady waves of black cherries, currants and chocolate. Easy to find, with nearly 75,000 cases produced."	Los Osos	89	15	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			J. Lohr 2010 Los Osos Merlot (Paso Robles)	Merlot	J. Lohr
Italy	"With this fine Barolo, Marcarini cements its reputation for quality Barolo made with top-notch fruit. This beautiful wine shows elegant tones of black fruit, plum, cherry, spice, mesquite and smoked cedar wood. The mouthfeel is tonic and bright and the wine never seems heavy or overdone."	La Serra	92	58	Piedmont	Barolo				Marcarini 2005 La Serra  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Marcarini
US	"Vanilla, dill, pickling spice and dried-cherry aromas are followed by full-flavored black cherry and licorice notes, backed by grainy tannins. The wood and fruit tussle at times but there are still lots of good things going on."	Shameless	89	45	Oregon	Columbia Valley (OR)	Oregon Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Styring 2012 Shameless Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (OR))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Styring
US	"Light fruit flavors of apple and pear have been softened a bit with aging on the lees in neutral oak. This is a pleasant, simple, quaffable wine for every day enjoyment."		87	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Walnut City WineWorks 2012 Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Walnut City WineWorks
US	"Complex and tantalizing aromas of mint and cinnamon carry over to the palate, where bright plum, red cherry and floral tones linger through the finish. The texture is very smooth since the tannins and acidity are mild and well integrated."		92	52	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Angel Camp 2012 Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Angel Camp
US	"Surely there is no other Syrah-Tempranillo-Merlot-Dolcetto-Graciano-Petit Verdot-Nebbiolo-Cabernet Franc-Grenache-Muscat-Viognier-Tannat-Malbec-Cabernet Sauvignon in the world? What's it taste like? Well, red table wine is as good a description as can be offered. Racy red fruits, mineral, bitter chocolate, good grip, spicy tannins—bring on the burgers."	Vintner's Blend #9 Red Table Wine	86	15	Oregon	Southern Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Abacela NV Vintner's Blend #9 Red Table Wine Red (Southern Oregon)	Red Blend	Abacela
US	"There's lots of brisk, mouthwatering acidity in this Chardonnay. It shows clean, pure apricot, orange, tropical fruit and lime flavors, with a touch of honey and buttery oak."	Reserve Zanetta Vineyard	85	18	California	Arroyo Seco	Central Coast			Muirwood 2012 Reserve Zanetta Vineyard Chardonnay (Arroyo Seco)	Chardonnay	Muirwood
Italy	"This blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Sagrantino is a simple, fruit-forward wine with loads of red cherry, blueberry, cedar wood and exotic spice. It has a gritty, spicy mouthfeel and big, powerful tannins."	Riserva	86	18	Central Italy	Montefalco Rosso				Terre de Trinci 2003 Riserva  (Montefalco Rosso)	Red Blend	Terre de Trinci
Italy	"Underbrush, tobacco leaf, leather, truffle and blackberry aromas take center stage along with whiffs of toast and fig. The palate shows black cherry, carob, bitter cocoa, white pepper and sage alongside bracing tannins that leave a drying finish."	Leon Riserva	92	75	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rivetto 2008 Leon Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Rivetto
Italy	"This Amarone has aromas of ripe berry, raisin and spice. The palate delivers mature plum, prune and black licorice notes. It's soft and sweet right now, but reflecting the heat of the vintage, it also seems evolved beyond its age, so drink soon."	Acinatico	89	38	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Stefano Accordini 2009 Acinatico  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Stefano Accordini
US	"Lightly spicy and displaying a brambly character, with fruit flavors of strawberry jelly, this high alcohol (over 15%) Zin includes some high-toned, volatile notes. It is trending toward an Amador County Zinfandel style, though it is not quite that hot or volatile. All in all, it's a good effort."		86	20	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Zefina 2005 Zinfandel (Horse Heaven Hills)	Zinfandel	Zefina
US	"Plum, herb, blue fruit, vanilla and spice aromas lead to soft, plush fruit flavors in this wine. The texture and blue fruit flavors bring appeal."		88	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2015 Malbec (Columbia Valley (WA))	Malbec	Waterbrook
France	"This wine comes from the producer's home turf in Pouilly. Ripe and round, it shows good potential. Acidity and white fruits are balanced with a touch of minerality. The wine is ready to drink with its warm character and crisp final acidity."	La Moynerie	90	30	Loire Valley	Pouilly-Fumé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Michel Redde et Fils 2014 La Moynerie  (Pouilly-Fumé)	Sauvignon Blanc	Michel Redde et Fils
US	"From the site made famous by Merry Edwards along the appellation's Laguna Ridge, this wine envelops dark cherry, strawberry and herb flavors along a brooding, softly velvet and voluptuously body, weighted slightly in toasted oak and firm tannin."	Klopp Ranch	88	55	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Honor Winery 2014 Klopp Ranch Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Honor Winery
Italy	"Bardolino Chiaretto is an elegant and delicate wine with pretty highlights of rose, raspberry and sweet cassis berry. The wine shows a soft, yielding nature in the mouth with a touch of crisp acidity on the close."		84	12	Veneto	Bardolino Chiaretto				Tommasi 2009  Bardolino Chiaretto	Rosé	Tommasi
US	"Crushed earth notes juxtapose ripe lime, tangerine and melon in this refreshing easy-drinking Sauvignon Blanc. Medium bodied with a crisp tonic mouthfeel and brisk acidity, it's an appealing apéritif and summer quaffer."		87	22	New York	Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Wölffer 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Long Island)	Sauvignon Blanc	Wölffer
Spain	"Dusty spiced-apple aromas set up a stony, drawn-in palate with a mix of tart tangerine and pickled flavors. On the finish, this is fresh, almost sour in flavor, and light in weight."	Reserva Brut Nature	88	22	Catalonia	Cava		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alta Alella 2014 Reserva Brut Nature Sparkling (Cava)	Sparkling Blend	Alta Alella
US	"Sharp and candied, with Lifesaver sweet-and-sour cherries and cola softened with smoky wood notes. The tannins are sandpapery and firm. Drink now with rich beef and lamb."	Nunes Vineyard	87	39	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Zepaltas 2008 Nunes Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Zepaltas
US	"You can taste the warm sunshine in the spicy berry flavors of this Zin. It comes right up to the edge of overripe, with suggestions of bitter raisins, then pulls back to let the cassis and cherry liqueur shine through."	Quaglia Vineyard	87	33	California	Napa Valley	Napa			V. Sattui 2005 Quaglia Vineyard Zinfandel (Napa Valley)	Zinfandel	V. Sattui
US	"Rich sugar-apple and pear tart provide warmth and decadence to this wine. Despite its voluptuous nature, the wine is also layered and complex in intriguingly satisfying ways. A touch of ripe peach and salty pretzel figure into the mix quietly, yet harmoniously."	La Brisa	93	35	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Walt 2014 La Brisa Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Walt
US	"A deceptive Pinot. It shows a pale color and a very delicate, silky mouthfeel, but the impact on the palate can only be described as explosive, and the aftertaste is very rich. The flavors of cherries, cotton candy, red raspberries, orange tea, smoky vanilla, cinnamon, cloves and brown sugar are compelling. Best now and through 2010."		94	95	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast			Coup de Foudre 2006 Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Coup de Foudre
US	"Pretty tannic, with a hard edge, although it's very fruity and rich, and should soften and mellow with time in the cellar. Thoroughly dry, it shows complex flavors of wild raspberries, cherry compote, cola and spices, compounded with smoky, sweet oak. Give it until 2011 to begin to come around."	Peay Vineyard	95	54	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Williams Selyem 2007 Peay Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Williams Selyem
France	"Produced from the Clos Mireille, within sight of the Mediterranean, this fresh-faced wine shows peach and citrus flavors rounded by ripeness, although with an attractive tangy aftertaste."	Clos Mireille Blanc de Blancs	90	40	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Ott 2009 Clos Mireille Blanc de Blancs White (Côtes de Provence)	White Blend	Domaines Ott
US	"Lightly aromatic, it offers notes of pencil shavings, dark fruit, coffee and pepper. It's medium bodied with a lower alcohol feel and abundant coffee flavors backed by gritty tannins."	Prayer Rock Vineyards Winemaker's Reserve	87	39	Oregon	Umpqua Valley	Southern Oregon	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Reustle 2012 Prayer Rock Vineyards Winemaker's Reserve Syrah (Umpqua Valley)	Syrah	Reustle
Argentina	"Raspberry and cassis aromas are fresh and upright while showing wiry, grassy accents. Full bodied, this features a jammy, pulpy palate that's fresh but low on definition. Herbal, lightly green infiltrations drift onto a solid, tannic finish. Drink through 2018."	Pedernal	90	43	Other	San Juan		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Las Moras 2010 Pedernal Malbec (San Juan)	Malbec	Finca Las Moras
US	"There's a mildness to this wine that most tastes of dried cherry and cranberry, with a medium-bodied structure of moderate acidity. Forest floor and earthy compost dominate."	Landy Vineyard	86	58	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fulcrum 2014 Landy Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Fulcrum
US	"The Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend is from Howell Mountain. The Syrah is from the Hudson Vineyard, in Carneros. The wine is very fine, offering complex tiers of blackberries, black currants, cherries, raspberries, bacon, sweet Provençal herbs, spices and toasty oak. Very fine, with a sharp bite of acidity that calls for a good steak. Now and through 2014, at the very least."	Cuvée Susan	93	48	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Tor 2007 Cuvée Susan Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Tor
France	"The scent of fresh fragrant orange peel has a totally honeyed edge on the nose. The palate, however, has a wonderfully clear and clean-cut green pear and lemon note that simply sings. There is concentration and poise but also a feeling that this might be far better with a few years of cellar age. The beautifully dry palate is concentrated and has impact but is not heavy; the finish is lip-smacking and vivid. It's lovely now but better later. Drink 2017–2030."	Rangen Grand Cru	93	45	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Wolfberger 2014 Rangen Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Wolfberger
Argentina	"Matias Riccitelli keeps the hits coming with this concentrated, extracted Malbec that looks like crude oil and smells like baked black fruits. Chunky, tannic and massive on the palate, this tastes of prune, black tea and licorice. A ripe medicinal finish with controlled heat is tannic and a bit tough to wade through. Drink through 2020."	República del Malbec Partida Limitada	90	75	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matias Riccitelli 2014 República del Malbec Partida Limitada Malbec (Luján de Cuyo)	Malbec	Matias Riccitelli
US	Aromas of candied red apple and spice are followed by a lightly astringent palate backed by gritty tannins.		87	20	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Temporal 2014 Tempranillo (Washington)	Tempranillo	Temporal
US	"Ripe stone-fruit and flower notes shine on the nose and palate of this dry, medium-bodied Chardonnay. Fresh and juicy, it's an easygoing sipper to accompany an array of foods."		86	15	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Leonard Oakes 2010 Chardonnay (New York)	Chardonnay	Leonard Oakes
US	"This 100% varietal wine conveys aromas of pear, melon and ale. It drinks off dry with herb and apple flavors, needing more acidity and concentration to keep it all together."	Estate Grown	84	14	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Willow Crest 2013 Estate Grown Pinot Gris (Yakima Valley)	Pinot Gris	Willow Crest
US	"Crisp acidity and laser-pure fruit immediately characterize this as a Central Coast Chardonnay. It's not a blockbuster, but with zesty pineapple, apricot and peach flavors, it's a great buy at this price."		86	10	California	Monterey	Central Coast			Mandolin 2007 Chardonnay (Monterey)	Chardonnay	Mandolin
France	"The mellow scent of baked apple rises from the glass, cut by ripe, equally mellow freshness on the palate. This wine is mild for a Riesling but very enjoyable, clean and fruity, with a mellow apple note that really gets you in the end."	Portrait	89	16	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Domaine Zinck 2015 Portrait Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Domaine Zinck
France	"This blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah offers restrained fruit and medium body. Struck flint marks the nose, while the palate is slightly ungenerous, dominated by underripe stone fruit flavors. The finish is clean and dry."	Buti Nages	85	12	Rhône Valley	Costières de Nîmes		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Château de Nages 2015 Buti Nages Rosé (Costières de Nîmes)	Rosé	Château de Nages
US	"Lots of richness and a multi-layered personality make this deep-colored, full-bodied wine delicious and interesting too. It's a big red, with bold berry and black cherry flavors, an especially attractive texture that's velvety and firm at the same time, and a long, lingering finish."	Grandmere	92	65	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Renwood 2013 Grandmere Red (Amador County)	Red Blend	Renwood
US	"Basically a high-alcohol fruit bomb, with jammy flavors of raspberries and cherries. The heat from 15.5% alcohol gives it a chili pepper burn. Defines that style, for those who like it."	Canis Major Perotti Vineyard	84	25	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Mutt Lynch 2007 Canis Major Perotti Vineyard Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Mutt Lynch
US	"An all-encompassing and earthy richness on the nose of this wine blends dried strawberry, Bing cherry and sour cherry fruits with damp herbs like dewy sagebrush and dark chocolate bars. It's thick once sipped, with ripe raspberry and dried cherry fruits. Spicy fennel and cardamom arrives on the midpalate, finishing with a zing of Sichuan peppercorn and shiitake mushrooms."	Stone Corral Vineyard	95	48	California	Edna Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kynsi 2011 Stone Corral Vineyard Pinot Noir (Edna Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kynsi
US	"At last Failla can use this newl-approved appellation for their estate-grown fruit. The wine is concentrated in raspberry and cherry jam and sweet oak flavors. The acidity associated with this extreme western edge of Sonoma County, so near the ocean, is brisk and stimulating. The flavors are a little candied now, but you might try giving it 4–5 years to see  if it gains bottle complexity."	Estate Vineyard	90	65	California	Fort Ross-Seaview	Sonoma			Failla 2011 Estate Vineyard Pinot Noir (Fort Ross-Seaview)	Pinot Noir	Failla
US	"This hews to a leaner, minerally style remniscent of Chablis. It's bone dry and tart, with a streamlined mouthfeel, but there's nothing shy about the intense core of limes, kiwi fruits and Meyer lemons. A beautiful wine, whose modest alcohol level makes it particularly delicate."		92	32	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Senses 2011 Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Senses
US	"This concentrated Merlot is blended with smaller percentages of Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Syrah. Dense in black licorice and toasty oak, the fruit character is dominated by red plum and berry aromas and flavors."	Estate Grown	92	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ballentine 2012 Estate Grown Merlot (Napa Valley)	Merlot	Ballentine
Italy	"Splendid from the gun, and classy. Early aromas of hard spices, mineral and matchstick announce some young oak, but that shortly dissipates, revealing a tight cherry and dark-chocolate bouquet. This model Brunello is impeccably balanced through the palate and onto the finish, which features a huge mix of pepper, licorice, baked fruit and vanilla. Hold at least until 2006."		93	60	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Altesino 1999  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Altesino
US	"Despite its 15.4% alcohol, this Syrah seems light through the middle. It's got syrupy barrel flavors of bourbon and caramel that overshadow the pretty red fruit. The alcohol doesn't burn, but the wine does not have the mass to compensate. Drink up."		86	25	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tempus Cellars 2008 Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Tempus Cellars
US	"Light in color and body, this wine takes its delicacy seriously, holding back on the fruit and spice to feature woody, herbal characteristics and a slim body."		86	28	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Apriori 2014 Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Apriori
US	"This is powerful wine made at a high level, a blend of 75% Cabernet Sauvignon, 17% Malbec and 8% Cabernet Franc. Muscular and dense, it offers a rich, ripe succulence of baked plum clafoutis, coconut, blackberry and clove within a dusty, gravelly brawn of dried herb and plush chocolate."	Stagecoach Vineyard Synchrony	92	135	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Krupp Brothers 2013 Stagecoach Vineyard Synchrony Red (Napa Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Krupp Brothers
US	"Aromas of freshly rubbed mint are followed by vanilla and just-hewn wood. The plum flavors are plump yet restrained, showing a fine sense of balance, with abundant oak accents surrounding them. The oak is far out front but there is still much to enjoy."		89	24	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Copper Belt 2012 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Copper Belt
US	"Spicy strawberry and cherry hover over forest floor and a tangle of tangy acidity that keeps this wine fresh and vibrantly compelling. Full bodied and robust, it maintains a balance in the glass, making it both food-friendly and an option on its own."	The Cairn	90	39	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bougetz 2013 The Cairn Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Bougetz
US	"Concentrated aromas, generous fruit flavors and full body make this wine engaging and appealing. It has ripe fig and raspberry aromas, lush plum and berry flavors and a velvety texture that leads to to a long finish."		88	35	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Ripken 2012 Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Ripken
Italy	"Fragrant and linear, this luminous wine is perfumed with woodland berry, black tea, wild violet and a hint of spice. On the sleek, polished palate, silky tannins and fresh acidity support bright red cherry, raspberry and white pepper. Drink through 2018."		91	27	Piedmont	Roero		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Careglio 2012  Roero	Nebbiolo	Careglio
Romania	"This blend of Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, and Merlot has aromas of cherry, vanilla and a whiff of lifted eucalyptus. It conveys flavors of black cherry, red plum and dried herbs. Medium bodied, it has a persistent finish."	Origini Reserve	89	18	Dealu Mare			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Budureasca 2013 Origini Reserve Red (Dealu Mare)	Red Blend	Budureasca
US	"Everything about this wine is big and heavy—including the name, the psychedelic label and the massive bottle with wax capsule—but in spite of all that mass, it tastes great. The color is deep and dark, aromas are full of oaky spices of nutmeg and vanilla, and rich fruit flavors are layered with texture."	Genception of Giants	90	175	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Galatea Effect 2011 Genception of Giants Syrah (California)	Syrah	Galatea Effect
US	"Freshness and lively acidity balance out the ripe apple and pear flavors in this medium-bodied, well-rounded wine from Mendocino County's cool, coastal Anderson Valley. It's a breath of fresh air compared to many overly sweet, buttery oak bombs."		90	32	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	FEL 2015 Chardonnay (Anderson Valley)	Chardonnay	FEL
US	"Two-thirds of this wine comes from McKinley Springs Vineyard with the rest from Kiona and Les Collines. Coffee, pencil lead, barrel spice and high-toned herb aromas lead to full-bodied coffee and cherry flavors. The tannins show some grit and grip."	Proprietor's Reserve	87	40	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Maryhill 2012 Proprietor's Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Maryhill
Italy	"Plum cake, underbrush, dark berry, menthol and a touch of mocha unfold in the glass. The taut, full-bodied palate offers chewy black cherry, raspberry jam, licorice and sage framed in youthfully assertive, fine-grained tannins. A tobacco note closes the finish. Drink 2022–2032."	Vigna Ferrovia Riserva	94	145	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pian delle Vigne 2010 Vigna Ferrovia Riserva  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Pian delle Vigne
US	"Made with 24% Petite Sirah, this dusty, bold and highly structured wine from an historic vineyard site is intensely concentrated and extracted, exuding rich red berry. Cinnamon and black pepper dot the lengthy finish."	Barricia Vineyard	88	37	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ravenswood 2013 Barricia Vineyard Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	Ravenswood
US	"Craig has struggled to move this Paso Robles Syrah off-center and into the end zone for years. The fight continues. The wine is just too soft and simple in structure, although it does show pretty pepper-sprinkled black and blue berries and stone fruits."		85	30	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Robert Craig 2004 Syrah (Central Coast)	Syrah	Robert Craig
US	"Rich and substantial, this is potent in blackberry, cassis and dark chocolate flavors. High alcohol gives it a hot mouthfeel. It's not really representative of the Arrowood name of old."		85	30	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			Arrowood 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma County)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Arrowood
US	"This combines nearly proportional percentages of all five Bordeaux varieties, grown on the founder's estate, allowing each room to speak. The Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot together make up the majority, paving the road to full-bodied ripeness with supportive acidity, the highlights being smoky plum, blackberry and mocha."	Founder's Reserve Estate Grown	93	150	California	Calistoga	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Kenefick Ranch 2012 Founder's Reserve Estate Grown Red (Calistoga)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Kenefick Ranch
US	"Far richer and more concentrated than the winery's regular '05 Pinot, this is a true reserve. It shows the same dryness and silky texture, but the spicy fruit is more intense in cherries and black raspberries, veering into cassis and anisette. Drink now for its extravagent flavors."	Dionysus	90	55	California	Arroyo Grande Valley	Central Coast			Perbacco Cellars 2005 Dionysus Pinot Noir (Arroyo Grande Valley)	Pinot Noir	Perbacco Cellars
Chile	"A big and heavy style of Cabernet, with earth, leather, oak, raisin and blackberry aromas. The palate is a touch flat and reduced, but the flavors are sweet and suggest black currant, black cherry, spice and herbs. No shortage of ripeness here; if anything, it's a bit overripe."	Puerto Viejo Reserve	85	10	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Requingua 2010 Puerto Viejo Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Curicó Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viña Requingua
US	"Soft and dull, with cherry, mint and spice flavors."		82	7	California	Lodi	Central Valley			Barefoot NV Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Barefoot
Germany	"Hugely ripe, with 14.5% alcohol and a touch of residual sweetness, but also a richly textured mouthfeel and layers of honey, apricot preserves, slate-driven minerality and spice. It may be a bit precariously balanced, so opt for drinking it over the near term."	Rüedesheim Berg Rottland Erstes Gewächs	92	44	Rheingau			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Johannishof 2006 Rüedesheim Berg Rottland Erstes Gewächs Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Johannishof
Argentina	"Warm, sweet aromas of pear, apple and buttered toast crawl all over the nose. Like most Argentinean Chardonnays, this shows creamy white-fruit flavors and noted sweetness. It's fairly rich but not complex or layered. Drink soon for maximum freshness."		85	14	Mendoza Province	Maipú		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pascual Toso 2008 Chardonnay (Maipú)	Chardonnay	Pascual Toso
Portugal	"Firm and tannic, this powerful wine is solid, foursquare and dense in structure. There is plenty of fruit as well, with the typical juiciness of Alicante Bouschet to give a ripe fruity character under the tannic structure. Drink this concentrated wine from 2017."	Dornas	90	22	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Espaço Rural 2011 Dornas Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Espaço Rural
US	"Baked black cherry, rare roast beef and light sage aromas show on the dynamic, earthy nose of this bottling by Winemaker Paul Clifton. Garrigue is prominent on the tip of the sip, with strong but not overripe black cherry and plum flavors. These lead into forest floor, juniper, pine needle and mulling spice on the finish."	Smith Vineyard	92	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Lucienne 2014 Smith Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Lucienne
US	"Too much acidity in this dry wine, making it almost sour. Yet it has an enormous core of red and black cherry fruit, with a tasteful application of smoky oak, and a lovely, silky texture. Seems too unbalanced to age, so drink up."	Regan Vineyards Reserve	84	40	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast			Bargetto 2008 Regan Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Bargetto
Portugal	"A ripe, soft wine that is packed with strawberry fruits. It is smooth with a creamy caramel texture that contrasts with the fruity acidity and crisp aftertaste. Drink now."	Lagoalva	86	20	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Lagoalva de Cima 2016 Lagoalva Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Quinta da Lagoalva de Cima
US	"The nose is subdued, with aromas of crisp red plum, herb and bramble; but the palate is lush, with loads of ripe strawberry, peach and cherry flavors. This is dry in style but soft and juicy on the palate."	Rosé	87	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Glenora 2011 Rosé Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Glenora
Chile	"Baked earthy black-fruit aromas are followed by a blocky palate with jagged tannins and bold acidity. Blackberry, chocolate, coffee and raw-oak flavors finish with black cherry and plum notes as well as some hollowness."	Trisquel Series Altitud	89	21	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Aresti 2015 Trisquel Series Altitud Merlot (Curicó Valley)	Merlot	Aresti
Spain	"Mild raisin, black cherry, anise and burnt tire aromas lead to a plump, balanced palate that's full but not overloaded. Earthy baked black-fruit flavors show a hint of oaky coconut, while this Tempranillo finishes with depth and density."	Parcela 23	90	20	Central Spain	Vino de la Tierra de Castilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Constancia 2011 Parcela 23 Tempranillo (Vino de la Tierra de Castilla)	Tempranillo	Finca Constancia
US	"A fresh, fruity nose with hints of spice lend an alluring start to this Chardonnay, but on the palate, flavors run a little thin.  That said, an appealing toasted oak spice character adds dimension."	Reserve	83	17	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Swedish Hill 2006 Reserve Chardonnay (Finger Lakes)	Chardonnay	Swedish Hill
Italy	"This expression of Sangiovese and 5% Merlot opens with aromas of plum, red berry, toast, grilled herb and a whiff of mocha. On the savory palate, hints of exotic spice, mint and cocoa accent a core of wild cherry. Chewy but fine-grained tannins hold up the juicy flavors."		90	25	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Setriolo 2012  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Setriolo
South Africa	"This wine boasts a lot of character and evolution, and is layered and complex. The bouquet leads with aromas of hay, beeswax, orange oil, wood-grilled apple and sweet spice. Medium weight, but with ample acidity to keep it balanced, rich fruit flavors are accented by notes of toast and wood that carry through the long finish. It's drinking perfectly now, but should last well through 2015."	Kaaimansgat Limited Edition	91	37	Overberg			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Bouchard Finlayson 2010 Kaaimansgat Limited Edition Chardonnay (Overberg)	Chardonnay	Bouchard Finlayson
US	"Tastes unevenly ripened, with some wintergreen flavors side by side with raisins, although the middle is rich in cherries. On the plus side is silkiness and dryness. Drink now."	Tondre	85	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Bernardus 2006 Tondre Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"Barrel notes of toast, butterscotch and spice are at the fore along with melted butter and peach on this 100% Canyon Vineyard Ranch wine. It's full bodied with a rich, creamy feel, wanting a bit more concentration and acidity to keep it together."	Reserve	87	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Waterbrook 2012 Reserve Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Waterbrook
Germany	"Whiffs of earth and musk add a dark complexity to sweet peach and blossom aromas on this superconcentrated spätlese. On the palate, unctuous marmalade is laced with saffron and honey, finishing long and with a streak of tangerine acidity and a murmur of astringency."	Ürziger Würzgarten Spätlese	90	32	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Hermann 2012 Ürziger Würzgarten Spätlese Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Dr. Hermann
US	"This is 96% Merlot, with just a splash of Cabernet Sauvignon. Firm and focused, it sports a toasty nose, with rich blackberry and cherry fruit. The oak treatment brings in generous flavors of coffee and mocha."	Foreshadow	92	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	J. Bookwalter 2009 Foreshadow Merlot (Columbia Valley (WA))	Merlot	J. Bookwalter
US	"From 30-year-old vines, this is beautifully built and already showing the complexity that predicts a long life ahead. The old-vine grapes create a skeleton of mineral and acid upon which just-ripe fruit flavors of mulberry, plum and blueberry are placed. Drink now with pleasure, or put a few bottles away to enjoy through 2027 or longer."	Elton Vineyard	93	75	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lavinea 2014 Elton Vineyard Pinot Noir (Eola-Amity Hills)	Pinot Noir	Lavinea
Greece	"A memorable array of black cherry, cocoa, raspberry and currant starts this Cabernet from Greece. On the palate, lots of hickory smoke, pepper and coffee are rounded by blackberry. Rich, savory and lingering, the wine has a serious edge that will pair well with serious dishes: think steak, lamb."	Cava Amethystos	88	36	Drama			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Domaine Costa Lazaridi 2005 Cava Amethystos Cabernet Sauvignon (Drama)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Domaine Costa Lazaridi
Italy	"This vineyard-designate blend of Trebbiano and Grechetto opens with a luminous golden color and elegant aromas of stone fruit, citrus, Golden Delicious apple and mature pear. There's a pretty hint of vanilla and almond butter at the back."	Torre di Giano Vigna il Pino	89	40	Central Italy	Torgiano				Lungarotti 2007 Torre di Giano Vigna il Pino White (Torgiano)	White Blend	Lungarotti
US	"This substantive Pinot shows definite toasted oak character along with ripe fruit, full body and firm tannins. Hints of oak smoke and caramel waft over the ripe plum aromas. The flavors go to dark cherries and coffee, the texture is attractively astringent from tannins, and the finish carries a little bite. Well done but not overdone."	Outland Ridge	91	35	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Kendall-Jackson 2012 Outland Ridge Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kendall-Jackson
Austria	"Tar and smoke add a note of intrigue to dark, dense plum, blueberry and black cherry fruit. Everything is still held back, still taut, still tightly coiled. There is fine structure and smoky-tinged spice. Medium-bodied midpalate weight is countered by freshness and an elegant structure, what echoes is spiced blueberry. A very classy bottle indeed."	Steinberg	93	35	Südburgenland			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Jalits 2012 Steinberg Red (Südburgenland)	Red Blend	Jalits
US	"Always reliable, and often a value, this vintage William Hill hits paydirt with well-etched blackcurrant flavors wrapped in a shroud of toasty oak. The dry tannins are dusty and complex, and the wine feels velvety on the palate."		90	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa			William Hill Estate 2000 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	William Hill Estate
US	"Polished and varietal, this shows the skills of winemaker Chuck Reininger. The 2006 vintage produced tight, hard-edged, herbal wines, ageworthy but unyielding. But here it has been honed and softened, so that its Bordeaux-like traits are emphasized, with plenty of herbal character and spicy purple fruits. Still coming out of its shell, this is a wine to cellar and drink with a big, grilled steak."		90	38	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Reininger 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Reininger
Australia	"An unoaked Chardonnay, Marlargo's Gypsy Spirit shows plenty of fruit, ranging from melon to nectarine and pineapple. It even shows decent texture for an unoaked Chardonnay, something that's not always easy to accomplish. Drink now."	Gypsy Spirit	87	16	Victoria	Yarra Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Marlargo 2005 Gypsy Spirit Chardonnay (Yarra Valley)	Chardonnay	Marlargo
Italy	"This plump and fruit-driven Barbaresco offers nuances of ripe cherry and forest berry backed by lingering tones of licorice, vanilla, dark chocolate and clove. The wine is distinguished by a precise and focused mouthfeel that is shaped by acidity and firm tannins."	Bricco Rio Sordo	91	40	Piedmont	Barbaresco				Musso 2005 Bricco Rio Sordo  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Musso
US	"This Pinot Noir-dominant sparkler is nutty and perfumed, its honeysuckle scents bringing lightness and brightness to a meaty core of body and weight."	Devaux Ranch Blanc de Noirs	88	45	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mumm Napa 2012 Devaux Ranch Blanc de Noirs Sparkling (Napa Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Mumm Napa
US	"Pricey for a blush wine, but this is an excellent one, among the best rosés of the year. It's fairly dark in color and full-bodied, but very rich in strawberry and spice flavors, and the finish is smooth and dry."	Chiara Rosé of Zinfandel	90	35	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Chiarello Family Vineyards 2012 Chiara Rosé of Zinfandel Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Chiarello Family Vineyards
Argentina	"Saucy, scratchy aromas suggest road tar and compost. This wine is wide in feel, with peppery, spicy raspberry and plum flavors. A minty, herbal tasting finish is neither overbearing nor oaky."	Callejon del Crimen Gran Reserva	87	28	Mendoza Province	Uco Valley		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca La Luz 2012 Callejon del Crimen Gran Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon (Uco Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Finca La Luz
Italy	Sperss (the name is inspired by the local word for “nostalgia”) is a vineyard located in the Barolo territory of Serralunga. Angelo Gaja adds 6% Barbera to the wine for brightness and freshness but the overall ensemble shows so much more than that. It delivers sophisticated softness and a velvety texture that is backed by exotic spice and loads of wild berry and licorice. Add huge depth and intensity and you have the criteria for a cellar-worthy wine. Will be ready to drink after 2020.	Sperss	98	255	Piedmont	Langhe				Gaja 2006 Sperss Nebbiolo (Langhe)	Nebbiolo	Gaja
France	"Ripe, smooth and toasty, this has the feel and texture of Chardonnay. It is full and rounded, yet its acidity and red fruit character lend elegance."	Les Clans	89	70	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château d'Esclans 2010 Les Clans Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Château d'Esclans
US	"Very ripe and fruity, this is sort of a second wine from Malibu Estate, with good acidity that makes it crisp. It's an easy sipper with enough peach, pear, pineapple and spicy creamy flavors to satisfy Chard aficionados."		85	20	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Surfrider 2006 Chardonnay (Central Coast)	Chardonnay	Surfrider
France	"This serious wine is young and still has prominent wood-aging flavors. That toastiness masks the ripe blackberry fruits that are underneath the tannins and wood. The wine will be fine as it matures, giving richness and dense fruits. Wait to drink until 2019."	Les Cèdres	89	20	Bordeaux	Côtes de Bourg		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château l'Espérance 2014 Les Cèdres  (Côtes de Bourg)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château l'Espérance
US	"This 100% Syrah is rich and ripe in blackberry jam and new oak flavors. It's dry, with a fruity sweetness, and the tannins are strong but yielding. High alcohol gives it a hot feeling. Barbecue is your best bet."	Anna's Estate Vineyard	86	32	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Adelaida 2011 Anna's Estate Vineyard Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Adelaida
US	"Given that this is where Santa Barbara County's first Syrah was planted, it's no wonder that Zaca Mesa makes well-balanced expressions of the grape with stunning consistency. This bottling shows blackberry, black pepper, cola and purple flowers on the nose, leading into a tightly structured palate packed with tart black-plum skins, beef char and more black-pepper dust."	Mesa Reserve	91	48	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Zaca Mesa 2013 Mesa Reserve Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Zaca Mesa
Italy	"This bright, medium-bodied red offers aromas and flavors of ripe black cherry, ripe plum, ground black pepper, clove, grilled herb and a hint of anise. Firm, fine-grained tannins provide the framework. Drink 2016–2020."	Torcalvano	90	26	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Folonari 2012 Torcalvano  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Folonari
Spain	"Cassis and raisin aromas lead to a rubbery, grabby and pinching palate. This wine tastes of herbal, leafy berry and plum, while the savory finish lingers."	Cepas Antiguas Selección Privada	84	12	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Martinez Corta 2015 Cepas Antiguas Selección Privada  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Martinez Corta
US	"Lush and fruit forward, Rapture, whose motto is “Don't be left behind!” is full bodied but soft, with leather and herb tones and a smoky finish. Blended with a smidgen of Petite Sirah and reaching 14.9% abv, it tastes every bit of that, with a smoky finish of oak."	Rapture	87	59	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Michael David 2010 Rapture Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Michael David
France	"Produced from 25-year-old vines, this is a delicious, crisp and clean wine. It has attractive apricot and melon flavors that are cut with lime acidity. Drink this fruity wine now."	Cuvée PHI	87	13	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine du Vieil Orme 2016 Cuvée PHI Sauvignon Blanc (Touraine)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine du Vieil Orme
US	"Soft and rich, this Chardonnay shows intricately layered flavors of buttered toast, grilled peaches, orange jam, honeysuckle flowers and cinnamon. An opulent wine to drink now."	Red Hen Ranch	90	35	California	Oak Knoll District	Napa			Laird 2008 Red Hen Ranch Chardonnay (Oak Knoll District)	Chardonnay	Laird
Argentina	"This is another excellent Malbec in Trapiche's single-vineyard series. Aromas of anise and licorice are exotic and a bit unusual, while blueberry, blackberry and herbal hints fill out the bouquet. The palate is full and jammy, maybe a touch soft, with layered flavors of black fruits, pepper and toast. A stocky finish with a licorice reprise shows a spot of heat. Drink through 2017."	Suarez Lastra Terroir Series Single Vineyard	92	50	Mendoza Province	La Consulta		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trapiche 2010 Suarez Lastra Terroir Series Single Vineyard Malbec (La Consulta)	Malbec	Trapiche
New Zealand	"Light in weight and lacy in texture, this is a savory, subtly flavored Pinot Noir that's ready to drink. Notes of smoke, mushrooms and dried herbs intertwine with tart fruit."	Old Coach Road	86	20	Nelson			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Seifried 2009 Old Coach Road Pinot Noir (Nelson)	Pinot Noir	Seifried
US	"A blend of Syrah, Grenache and Mourvèdre, it's an immediately appealing wine with notes of coffee, black olive, blueberry and smoked meat. There's a pleasing texture and richness running from head to tail with coffee and chocolate flavors that linger on the finish."	Tres Cruces Red Wine Coyote Canyon Vineyard	91	25	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Coyote Canyon 2011 Tres Cruces Red Wine Coyote Canyon Vineyard Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Coyote Canyon
US	"This wine smells smoky, minty and almost meaty. It tastes rich and complex, brightened and spiced by lavish use of new oak, yet built on enough ripe blackberry flavors to achieve a robust balance. It's well made in a deliberately oaky style."	Amber Knolls	89	55	California	Red Hills Lake County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Cinnabar 2012 Amber Knolls Malbec (Red Hills Lake County)	Malbec	Cinnabar
France	"Always an impressive vineyard, it has produced a dense wine in this vintage. It's full of both intense, perfumed red fruits and smoky, dusty tannins that give an elegant structure. Drink from 2020."	Les Vergelesses Premier Cru	92	68	Burgundy	Pernand-Vergelesses		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2013 Les Vergelesses Premier Cru  (Pernand-Vergelesses)	Pinot Noir	Chanson Père et Fils
US	"An absolute joy and triumph. Just superb, showcasing the best of Oakville. Perfect tannins, as pure as velvet and sweet, and perfect oak, too, with beautifully applied char and wood spice. That the oak is 100% new is in keeping with the wine's volumetrics. The wine's flavors are a profound, heady expression of blackberries, blueberries, cassis and dark, barely sweetened chocolate. Just spectacular, a real achievement by any world class standard. Production was a scant 275 cases."	Family Reserve	99	125	California	Oakville	Napa			Venge 2008 Family Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Venge
US	"From two vineyard sites, Martaella and Martinelli Frei Road, this lovely wine is built from the ground up, with elements of rich vanilla, toasted oak and baked pear. Big in style on the nose, it finishes crisp and focused, a mixture of complexity and lightness of being."		91	36	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Benovia 2013 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley)	Chardonnay	Benovia
Austria	"A complex blend of Chardonnay, Pinot Noir and Weissburgunder, this is a rich, spicy wine, dry in style and with some tannins. It has weight and density, but doesn't lose its creamy, fresh texture and acidity. It should age another year in bottle to get the best out of this serious wine."	Burgunder Sekt	90	32	Österreichischer Sekt			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Steininger 2010 Burgunder Sekt Sparkling (Österreichischer Sekt)	Sparkling Blend	Steininger
US	"A unique blend of Pinot Gris, Muscat, Riesling and Gewürztraminer, it is—as its name suggests—quite floral, along with notes of lychee and white grapefruit. It drinks off dry, with a medium-bodied feel. Citrus and spice flavors carry through the finish."	Aromatic Blend	88	12	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Eufloria 2014 Aromatic Blend White (Washington)	White Blend	Eufloria
US	"This rosé is dry, crisp, tart and complex, offering raspberry, cherry, herb, white pepper and vanilla flavors."		87	20	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma			St. Francis 2011 Rosé (Sonoma County)	Rosé	St. Francis
US	"A pliant, medium- to full-bodied wine, this deals ripe stone fruit and golden raisin flavors, plus toasty, oxidative tones."	Blanc	86	14	Virginia	Shenandoah Valley				Shenandoah Vineyards 2011 Blanc White (Shenandoah Valley)	White Blend	Shenandoah Vineyards
US	"Enormously ripe, with jammy blackberry, cherry, plum, mocha and peppery spice flavors that finish dry. Feels heavy and soft in the mouth, and could use greater elegance and brightness."	Keefer Ranch Vineyard	86	48	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			A.P. Vin 2007 Keefer Ranch Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	A.P. Vin
Portugal	"A year in the barrel has given this powerful wine structured, yet polished tannins. While still young, it is powered by ripe red berry notes and driving juicy acidity. It's a wine for further aging, so drink from 2016."	Quinta da Garrida	90	10	Dão			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Caves Aliança 2011 Quinta da Garrida Red (Dão)	Portuguese Red	Caves Aliança
US	"Subtly delicious flavors merge with a creamy, luxurious texture in this deceptively light-bodied and graceful wine blended from Marsanne, Roussanne and Viognier. It starts with butter and almond aromas then doles out light marzipan and vanilla flavors. While rich in mouthfeel, it has enough crispness for balance."	Mother of Invention	91	25	California	Sierra Foothills	Sierra Foothills	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Kivelstadt Cellars 2016 Mother of Invention White (Sierra Foothills)	White Blend	Kivelstadt Cellars
Portugal	"A fruity and aromatic wine that is a blend of Syrah and Castelão. It has bright red fruits and a soft, ripe character. Berries and acidity complement the round finish."	Samora	84	13	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2012 Samora Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Wines & Winemakers
France	"This is a lightly herbal wine with crisp citrus and a tight texture. The wine with its mineral edge and chewy green-fruit flavor is dry, packed with acidity and ready to drink."		84	12	Loire Valley	Touraine		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Remy-Pannier 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Touraine)	Sauvignon Blanc	Remy-Pannier
US	"Made by Cathy Corison, this wine is now in its second vintage, where it shows black-cherry fruit touched up by leather and spice. A big wine needing some time to come together; it is stylish for sure, with a vivid, exciting finish."		90	50	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Long Meadow Ranch 1997 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Long Meadow Ranch
France	"Earthy, soft and ripe, this wine shows the richness of the vintage. It is full of red plum and red jelly flavors, and the tannins are dusty in the background. The acidity holds it all together, and the finish is juicy and fruity."		88	42	Burgundy	Volnay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jaffelin 2009  Volnay	Pinot Noir	Jaffelin
US	". The winery's above-the-fog vineyard has been kind to Merlot, nearly always producing an interesting wine. The '05, from such a cool vintage, has given crisp, firm tannins, but long hangtime allowed the grapes to develop luscious blackberry flavors, which smoky oak perfectly accents. A wine of charm and depth; should develop bottle complexity over the next 6 years."		91	25	California	Mendocino Ridge				Greenwood Ridge 2005 Merlot (Mendocino Ridge)	Merlot	Greenwood Ridge
Italy	"This opens with aromas of black berries, toasted oak and spice. On the palate, notes of espresso, roasted coffee bean and vanilla back up ripe black cherry but drying wood tannins give it an abrupt finish."	San Cristoforo	87	52	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pietro Rinaldi 2011 San Cristoforo  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Pietro Rinaldi
Chile	"Solid but generic berry fruit aromas are clean and come with herbal, minty edging. There's no shortage of acidity, so the palate has a sharp, crisp feel and tart, oaky flavors of berry and plum. Sheer, hard, tart and dry on the finish."	Reserva	85	12	Colchagua Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	TerraNoble 2009 Reserva Syrah (Colchagua Valley)	Syrah	TerraNoble
US	"There are good Cabernet flavors in this dry, rugged wine. Blackberries, cherries, currants and oak work their way to a briary finish. Drink now."	Wilson Vineyard	85	13	California	Clarksburg	Central Valley			The Crusher 2007 Wilson Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Clarksburg)	Cabernet Sauvignon	The Crusher
Chile	"Except for some resiny oak, this wine is limited on the nose. It feels fleshy but balanced by citric acid, while the flavors include melon, pear and oak-driven spice. It's not too fruity, exact or minerally, but it will likely please fans of basic, casual Chardonnay."	Classic Series	85	12	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Montes 2011 Classic Series Chardonnay (Curicó Valley)	Chardonnay	Montes
US	"Honeysuckle and violet notes add a lavish touch to nervy pineapple and stone-fruit flavors in this light-bodied, but lushly textured, Riesling. Dry in style and intensely minerally."		89	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Sheldrake Point 2011 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Sheldrake Point
Australia	"Palate offers sweet but simple yellow fruit flavors, particularly peach and banana. Finishes with peach pit and caramel flavors. What's here is fine, but better concentration would have merited it a better score."		84	16	Victoria	Yarra Valley				Yarra Burn 2000 Chardonnay (Yarra Valley)	Chardonnay	Yarra Burn
US	"Superripe in flavors of cherry pie filling and spice, this Pinot Noir is nice and dry. Brisk acidity accompanies the richness, balancing it and brightening the mouthfeel. It seems best now, so drink up."	Wildcat Mountain Vineyard	89	46	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Bruliam 2010 Wildcat Mountain Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Bruliam
US	"This unusual Walla Walla Valley-designated Sangiovese offers notes of vanilla, coffee and cranberry. It brings a rich, textured mouthfeel full of sweet cherry and plum flavors backed by a light grip of tannins. It doesn't seem varietally correct but it's undeniably delicious."	Danger Buoy	88	19	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Genoa 2012 Danger Buoy Sangiovese (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Sangiovese	Genoa
US	"This new entry into the value-wine sweepstakes is a pretty rose color, offering clean, light scents of wild berry and milk chocolate. Flavors are gently spicy with a malty finish."		87	25	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Portlandia 2011 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Portlandia
France	"Yes, this wine comes from a village of Chardonnay in the Mâcon region of Burgundy. It's a typical, crisp, freshly green Chardonnay that zings on to the palate. No wood here, just light grapefruit and citrus flavors, rounded with a touch of apple. Screwcap."	Chardonnay de Chardonnay	85	16	Burgundy	Mâcon-Chardonnay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cave de Lugny 2007 Chardonnay de Chardonnay  (Mâcon-Chardonnay)	Chardonnay	Cave de Lugny
Portugal	"French oak aging has given this still-young wine a firmly structured character, with dark tannins and a firm texture. It's still very dry, structured and dark and needs a good few years to age and round out. For now, the ripe fruit and acidity are both showing great promise. Drink from 2018."	Reserva	93	18	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Rede 2012 Reserva Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Quinta da Rede
US	"Randy Dunn's Feather has an intriguing floral component, and the aromas are complex and intense, though the wine is wound up tight. Let it breathe and it delivers elegant, focused flavors, precisely defined berry and cassis fruit, with a long and harmonious finish."		94	55	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Feather 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Feather
US	"A wine of this size and weight has nowhere to go on the palate, remaining massive, sour and puckering. A 100% Cabernet Sauvignon given plenty of time in oak, it's cranked too high."		81	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Concrete 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Concrete
Chile	"This is an interesting six-grape blend that's not like most other Chilean specimens. It starts with a leathery note as well as eucalyptus, licorice and lightly minty fruit aromas. It feels cheeky and tannic but mature, with baked berry, raisin and chocolate flavors. Dark, spicy and chocolaty until the last remnants of the finish conclude; this needs lots of air to show its best."	Anka	91	22	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pargua 2008 Anka Red (Maipo Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Pargua
US	"This well-made wine offers cherry pie flavors, evoking fruit but also crust, with excellent concentration and length. Despite its modest alcohol, it's a persistent, powerful rosé with enough concentration to stand up to entrées as rich as roast pork or chicken."	Pinot Noir	91	20	Oregon	Eola-Amity Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Paetra 2016 Pinot Noir Rosé (Eola-Amity Hills)	Rosé	Paetra
US	"This comes from a mountain-high vineyard atop a relatively new Sonoma County AVA that straddles into Mendocino County, too. Savory and herbal, the 100% Cab offers dark sour cherry and blackberry and plenty of tannin."	Silverwood Vineyard	87	28	California	Pine Mountain-Cloverdale Peak	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Miro 2011 Silverwood Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Pine Mountain-Cloverdale Peak)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Miro
US	"St. Helena is the source of this blend of Merlot and Cabernet Franc. Entirely unoaked, it's a dry, crisp, rustic wine, and full-bodied for a rosé, with heavy flavors of cherry pie filling."	Home Vineyard Dry Rosado	83	23	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Casa Nuestra 2007 Home Vineyard Dry Rosado Rosé (Napa Valley)	Rosé	Casa Nuestra
US	"Bright and plump fruits of black plum and boysenberry are drizzled with tar and dusted with savory peppercorns on the nose of this bottling, which also has a gamy hint of roast lamb. The palate is a tad thin but full of flavor, with boysenberry, lavender and thyme flavors."	Flood Family Vineyards	88	25	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Rancho Sisquoc 2015 Flood Family Vineyards Syrah (Santa Barbara County)	Syrah	Rancho Sisquoc
Chile	"Dry, spicy aromas of tobacco, cedar, vanilla and berry fruits come together nicely. This Maule Valley Cab is fresh and harmonious across the palate, with nothing too pushy. Complex, balsamic flavors of olives, herbs, dried berries, turned earth and cocoa finish dry, peppery and elegant. Drink through 2019."	The 7th Generation Gran Reserva Estate Bottled	91	20	Loncomilla Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	G7 2012 The 7th Generation Gran Reserva Estate Bottled Cabernet Sauvignon (Loncomilla Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	G7
Italy	"The Maremma is a paradise for horseback riders and hunters and there's something about this juicy red that makes you crave a hearty game dish by an open hearth. Its aromas are very mature and include cracked white pepper, ripe blackberry, and smoked meat."	Avvoltore	90	50	Tuscany	Toscana				Morisfarms 2004 Avvoltore Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Morisfarms
US	"This is a late release wine, but a bit of a boon for wine drinkers, who may open and consume it at will. Light cranberry, licorice, root beer and coffee flavors meld, with plenty of supporting acidity. It's a modest wine, with a quick finish, but drinks nicely at the moment."	Sams Valley Vineyard	87	25	Oregon	Southern Oregon	Southern Oregon	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Cliff Creek 2011 Sams Valley Vineyard Syrah (Southern Oregon)	Syrah	Cliff Creek
Austria	Hints of wet earth marry lemony flavors with ripe and generous overtones of peach. The lemony center lends structure to the entire wine and makes for a bracing but ripe and earthy mouthful.	Gaisberg Reserve	89	65	Kamptal			Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Hirsch 2013 Gaisberg Reserve Riesling (Kamptal)	Riesling	Hirsch
US	"For 40 bucks, this is a sumptuous, lush young wine that offers all the fancy fruit and oak you expect from an upscale Napa Cab."		91	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Whitehall Lane 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Whitehall Lane
US	"This is tremendous in blackberries, currants and plums, with grilled meat and black pepper notes, and the tannins are rich and profound. Right out of the screwtop, however, there's a tinny, metallic taste that detracts. Your best bet is to decant this fresh young wine and hope it blows off."	Garys' Vineyard	87	32	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Novy 2010 Garys' Vineyard Syrah (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Syrah	Novy
US	"A really wonderful wine. It seems classic Dry Creek Valley, in terms of bright, spicy fruit, as polished as marble on the surface, with maybe less stuffing than, say, Napa. But that's not to put it down. Racy tannins and dry acids make it competitive in a worldwide market."	Crane Creek Cuvee	92	50	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma			Lambert Bridge 1998 Crane Creek Cuvee Red (Dry Creek Valley)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Lambert Bridge
France	"Like many of Denis Pommier's wines, this comes from old vines, and the concentration is testament to that. The texture is rich, touched by honeyed wood, with peaches in syrup ripeness. As a contrast, there is also a fresh, red apple acidity, which gives a lift to the aftertaste."	Croix aux Moines	86	34	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Pommier 2007 Croix aux Moines  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Domaine Pommier
France	"This has a minerally, tense structure as well as green fruit and citrus flavors. As the texture is quite dominant, let this age for two years to allow  the opulent fruit to surface."	Bois Seguin	87	25	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Luquet 2011 Bois Seguin  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Domaine Luquet
France	"Almost black in color, this is a solid, firm and ripe wine. It has a smooth wood character that is round and rich with black plum and berry fruit flavors. With its dark underlying texture, it will age, so drink from 2017."		91	40	Bordeaux	Haut-Médoc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Larose Perganson 2011  Haut-Médoc	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Larose Perganson
US	"Blossom and berry notes are accented by hints of smoked nut in this refreshingly light-bodied wine. Zesty and lithe on the palate, it's an ideal summer-to-fall apéritif or porch sipper. The moderately long finish is marked with a hint of waxy florals."	Bridge Lane	89	18	New York	New York	New York Other	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Lieb 2015 Bridge Lane Rosé (New York)	Rosé	Lieb
US	"From coastal hills near Jenner, this is true Sonoma Coast fruit, and it shows in its cool-climate embrace of red fruit and white pepper. Leather saddle marks the personality of the texture and soft acidity keeps it full-bodied and relatively dense."	Coryelle Fields Vineyard	88	27	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Tin Barn 2013 Coryelle Fields Vineyard Syrah (Sonoma Coast)	Syrah	Tin Barn
Italy	"Aromas of rose petal, violet, red berry and a whiff of baking spice lead the nose on this luminous red. On the accessible palate, notes of clove and chopped herb accent the wild cherry core. It's balanced, with bright acidity and velvety tannins. Drink through 2022."		90	39	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Massucco 2010  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Massucco
US	"Incredibly rich and sweet with honey, apricot and orange flavors, this intense dessert wine is balanced with citrusy acidity. It's super-delicious, long and gooey sweet on the finish."	Vin de Paille Estate	89	65	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Balletto 2009 Vin de Paille Estate Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	Balletto
Portugal	"This wine is so soft, gently fruity and easy to drink, but without much character or freshness. It's a gentle ramble that takes no effort."	Portada	83	7	Lisboa			Roger Voss	@vossroger	DFJ Vinhos 2013 Portada Rosé (Lisboa)	Rosé	DFJ Vinhos
US	"Tasty and toasty, young and compact, this is a wine to cellar for a few more years at least. The bright fruit flavors run from berry to Bing cherry, not as dark as in some years, but vibrant and crisp. The new oak is not yet fully integrated, so give it some extra bottle age for optimal enjoyment."	Lewis Vineyard	92	75	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dunham 2008 Lewis Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dunham
US	"An earthy, black-pepper aroma and classic blackberry, raspberry and brambly spice components make this a fine example of Zinfandel. It is full bodied, mouthfilling and generous in flavor, benefitting from good acidity and moderate, fine-grained tannins for structure."	Old Vine	91	17	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Black Saint Peter 2014 Old Vine Zinfandel (Lodi)	Zinfandel	Black Saint Peter
US	"This old-vine Riesling matches medium sweetness (25g/L) to ample acidity. It's a dense and flavorful style, taut and fleshy at the same time. The peachy fruit hints at ripe banana as well, with a lick of butterscotch adorning the finish. Drink now through 2022."	Estate	91	18	Oregon	McMinnville	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Yamhill Valley 2014 Estate Riesling (McMinnville)	Riesling	Yamhill Valley
France	"This is a warm rounded wine, very approachable with raspberry and damson flavors and crisp acidity. Well balanced, with a lively fruity aftertaste, it is ready to drink now."	Breezette	87	16	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Sanglière 2016 Breezette Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine de la Sanglière
US	"Richness and breadth are the strong suits of this full-bodied, deep-colored and ripe-tasting wine. Showing little oak character, it smells like blackberries and tastes like black cherries and clove. Moderate tannins balance against the fruitiness."	Alder Springs Vineyard Reserve	90	38	California	Mendocino		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	City Winery Chicago 2013 Alder Springs Vineyard Reserve Syrah (Mendocino)	Syrah	City Winery Chicago
Italy	"This opens with aromas of ripe plum, coffee, Mediterranean brush and a whiff of exotic spice. The palate offers dried cherry, anise, oak and black pepper alongside drying, woody tannins, yet it lacks fruit richness."	Riserva	87	33	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Podere Capaccia 2011 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Podere Capaccia
US	"A 100% Cabernet Sauvignon that offers cherry, plum and earthy spice, the tannins soft and supple. This is a wine to enjoy now, aged close to two years in French oak, 20% of it new."		88	48	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bonneau 2011 Cabernet Sauvignon (Sonoma Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Bonneau
Italy	"Winemaker Elisabetta Geppetti is a beautiful and dynamic woman, with a firm grasp on Sangiovese and Scansano. Her riserva offers ripe fruit, wonderful softness and hints of wild brush and scrub oak in the background."	Poggio Valente Riserva	92	50	Tuscany	Morellino di Scansano				Fattoria Le Pupille 2008 Poggio Valente Riserva  (Morellino di Scansano)	Sangiovese	Fattoria Le Pupille
New Zealand	"Possibly just in a sullen phase, this reserve bottling from Craggy's home vineyard is dominated for the moment by smoke and cedar on the nose, and while there is some cherry fruit apparent in the mouth, it doesn't appear to be fully expressing itself. The impression is of a wine that's tightly coiled and may yet improve with another year or two of aging."	Te Muna Aroha	89	70	Martinborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Craggy Range 2006 Te Muna Aroha Pinot Noir (Martinborough)	Pinot Noir	Craggy Range
US	"Notes of caramel apple are juxtaposed with touches of saltwater and dusty mineral in this unusually savory-yet-sweet wine. Lithe and lean on the palate, it finishes briskly."	Late Harvest	85	35	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Jamesport 2010 Late Harvest Riesling (North Fork of Long Island)	Riesling	Jamesport
Turkey	"This Bordeaux-style blend is colored like inky violet and has matching aromas of black plums, cassis and violet. It offers a nice interplay of firm tannins and zesty acidity among flavors of blackberry, black cherry, violet, anise and toffee. The finish is characterized by an impressive burst of brightness and a lingering caramel note."	K2	90	28	Aegean			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Pasaeli 2012 K2 Red (Aegean)	Red Blend	Pasaeli
US	"An outstanding Cabernet that shows its pedigreed origin in every respect. The aroma is profound with black currants, flavors deep and concentrated, and tannins as smooth and complex as Napa can produce. So beautiful now, it's hard to resist drinking it, but this lovely wine should improve for a decade, slowly developing in the bottle."	Beckstoffer To Kalon Vineyard	95	165	California	Oakville	Napa			B Cellars 2009 Beckstoffer To Kalon Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	B Cellars
France	"The wine is seriously structured for the vintage: that means a wine that is full of tannins, dark and firm. It has concentration and black fruits, shot through with acidity. Drink this dense wine from 2018."	Vin No 1	88	18	Bordeaux	Montagne-Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Maison Givas 2014 Vin No 1  (Montagne-Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Maison Givas
US	"Shows its cool-climate origins with a certain austerity that accompanies the exotic wild cherry, currant, Mandarin orange and root beer flavors, accented with sweet smoky oak. A rush of acids and tannins takes over the palate, strongly suggesting modest ageability. Give this Pinot Noir a year or two in the cellar."	Split Rock Vineyard	90	43	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Saudade 2007 Split Rock Vineyard Pinot Noir (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Noir	Saudade
Germany	"A sweet trail of orange marmalade percolates through this succulently sweet wine. On the midpalate, savory tones of smoke, nuts and bruised apple add shades of complexity, but the finish is pure and pristine, a shower of lemon and honey that goes on endlessly."	Kiedrich Gräfenberg Beerenauslese	94	365	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Robert Weil 2012 Kiedrich Gräfenberg Beerenauslese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Robert Weil
Chile	"Fresh on the front end, this offers lean, citrusy aromas suggestive of grapefruit and lime. A citric, cutting palate brings lime, green apple and pickled mango flavors in front of a zesty but basic finish. Drink now."	Reserva	85	9	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Echeverria 2014 Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Echeverria
Italy	"Aromas of toast, mocha and baked plum lead the nose of this blend of Sangiovese and 10% Colorino. The taut palate offers dried wild cherry, raspberry, mint and ground pepper alongside fine-grained tannins. Drink 2016–2021."	Riserva	89	35	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Villa Cerna 2011 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Villa Cerna
Chile	"Gritty white-fruit and green aromas are more neutral than loud. This has a sharp, citric mouthfeel that's all about acidity. Tart flavors of citrus and mixed greens finish salty."	Reserva Premium Blend	85	17	Chile			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Trio 2015 Reserva Premium Blend Sauvignon Blanc (Chile)	Sauvignon Blanc	Trio
Chile	"Basic but in the best possible way. The nose is familiar, clean and inviting due to licorice, sweet black fruit and smoky aromas. Fresh in the mouth, with bright acidity pumping up berry, cassis and herbal flavors. Composed on the finish, with a high level of competence."		88	12	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Asunto de Vino 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Asunto de Vino
Argentina	"Foresty earthy aromas of raisin, tobacco and dried leaves are particular to this San Rafael wine. In the mouth, this shows gaps and holes. A flavor profile driven by oak and tobacco doesn't allow for much fruit. Spice, cocoa and earthy notes control the finish."	Reserva de Familia	88	33	Mendoza Province			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Alfredo Roca 2012 Reserva de Familia Malbec	Malbec	Alfredo Roca
Spain	"Grilled aromas of fresh asphalt and slightly murky berry fruits improve with airing, as does a full-bodied palate with big tannins. Toasty, spicy flavors of herbal berry and cassis show good complexity but are far from tame. Finishing flavors of chocolate and pepper are dry and woody. Drink through 2027."	12 Crianza	92	32	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	García Figuero 2011 12 Crianza  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	García Figuero
Spain	"Berry aromas with a hint of pine and juniper form the opening on this fresh-style Rioja. A quick wash of red plum and raspberry flavors comes with an herbal leaning and minty notes. This finishes firm but light in weight, with a minty aftertaste."	Tinto	85	10	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Bujanda 2011 Tinto  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Viña Bujanda
US	"This expertly structured wine will last for ages. It begins with dense blackberry jam, caramel, vanilla, fresh licorice and chocolate-ganache aromas. There is a density of flavors on the sip, but not an overwhelming weight, with black cherry, chocolate syrup and asphalt tones hung on chalky tannins that are a little firm right now. Drink 2018–2033."	Passing By	93	60	California	Paso Robles Willow Creek District	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Jada Vineyard & Winery 2013 Passing By Cabernet Sauvignon (Paso Robles Willow Creek District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jada Vineyard & Winery
US	"A bit soft and sweet, with a candied taste reminiscent of a pineapple and hazelnut fruit and nougat bar. The '06 Reserve is far better, though at twice the price."		84	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Robert Mondavi 2006 Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Robert Mondavi
US	"There's a very focused darkness to the nose of this blend of 58% Cabernet Sauvignon, 28% Cabernet Franc and 14% Merlot, with black olive, char and graphite adding to the depth. That midnight sensation continues to the palate, where blackberry and blueberry flavors benefit from touches of vanilla, star anise and more slate-driven minerality."	Mitigation	92	42	California	South Coast	South Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Eli Madyson 2013 Mitigation Red (South Coast)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Eli Madyson
Germany	"Lusciously ripe white-peach and blossom notes perfume this pretty off-dry Riesling. It's rich, plump and round on the palate, but brightened with a kiss of lime zest on the finish."	Devon	89	22	Mosel			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Richard Böcking 2012 Devon Riesling (Mosel)	Riesling	Richard Böcking
Spain	"Mulchy and gaseous on the nose, this subsequently turns scouring and acidic on the palate, with a leafy, dry red-plum flavor. Herbal, dry and not very fruity overall."	Royal	80	10	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Franco-Españolas 2010 Royal  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Bodegas Franco-Españolas
France	"A commanderie was a castle erected by the Knights Templar in the Middle Ages. The vineyard based around this fortress has produced a soft rounded wine that has great balance between fruit and acidity. It is stylish wine, light while having plenty of red fruits. Drink now."	Commanderie de Peyrassol	88	22	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chateau Peyrassol 2016 Commanderie de Peyrassol Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Chateau Peyrassol
Spain	"Wiry, narrow aromas of red fruits and bell pepper lead to a grabby, tight palate. Flavors of spicy plum and green herbs are slightly bitter, while the finish feels raw and tannic."	Castillo Ducay	83	9	Northern Spain	Cariñena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas San Valero 2013 Castillo Ducay Red (Cariñena)	Red Blend	Bodegas San Valero
France	"This crisp, fruity wine is fresh with citrus, grapefruit and an attractive zesty texture. Aromatic and bright, it is ready to drink now, clean and fragrant."		84	12	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Blanc		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cap Royal 2014  Bordeaux Blanc	Sauvignon Blanc	Cap Royal
Germany	"Lavish aromas of honeysuckle, peach and lemon abound in this vivacious, zippy Riesling. Dry in style, the palate is a bracing crush of white grapefruit and lime flavors that intensify through the long finish, accented by ripples of slate-like mineral."	Volratz 1573	90	17	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Schloss Vollrads 2013 Volratz 1573 Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Schloss Vollrads
US	"After the initial hit of intensely sweet blackberries and oak, there's not a whole lot going on in this 100% Cab. It's high in alcohol, with sweet glycerine and some heat co-starring. The tannins are thick, so you have to wonder if the wine has a future. Yes, but not a long one. Drink now–2017."		86	55	California	Oakville	Napa			Liparita 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Oakville)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Liparita
US	"A pungent, sappy Riesling, with a strong scent of rock and rind. This is powerful stuff—dry and a bit lean, but packed with texture and flavor. Subtle hints of citrus, pear and honey weave through. This needs more time to develop in the bottle."	Dry	91	20	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lemelson 2009 Dry Riesling (Willamette Valley)	Riesling	Lemelson
US	"Novelty Hill's estate-grown Cabernet Sauvignon displays notes of brambly berry and plenty of barrel spice. The sweet-tasting spice accent rolls into streaks of licorice, earth and herb on the peppery finish."	Stillwater Creek Vineyard	89	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Novelty Hill 2009 Stillwater Creek Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Novelty Hill
US	"This is a blend of Testarossa's far-flung vineyards across California, hence the statewide appellation. It's extraordinarily rich and explosive in apricots, pineapples, guavas, nectarines, buttered toast and smoky, caramelized oak. So muscular that you might want to age it for a year or two, to let it calm down."	Diana's	92	55	California	California	California Other			Testarossa 2007 Diana's Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Testarossa
US	"Dry and intricate, with Zinny flavors of wild raspberries, nettles, thyme and pepper. Yet there are some overripe notes of raisins that give this dry wine a Porty taste."	Century Vines	87	35	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Sausal 2006 Century Vines Zinfandel (Alexander Valley)	Zinfandel	Sausal
US	"Earthy dried herb and truffle provide a rough-and-tumble point of view in this wine, a mix of complexity and contoured acidity. The shy, juicy red fruit is cradled in integrated oak."		91	24	California	Dry Creek Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Quivira 2013 Zinfandel (Dry Creek Valley)	Zinfandel	Quivira
Australia	"Fleeting hints of rose petals add allure to this wine's aromas of black cherries, cola and spice. Unlike some Tasmanian Pinots, it's generous and round in the mouth, with warm spice notes combining with plum and cola on the finish. Drink now."	Avancé	90	38	Tasmania	Tasmania		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Glaetzer-Dixon 2013 Avancé Pinot Noir (Tasmania)	Pinot Noir	Glaetzer-Dixon
US	"A great wine that combines the modern, ultraripe winemaking style with Rutherford's fine, complex tannins and herbs. Feels plush and velvety in the mouth, exploding in blackberry, cherry, cassis and chocolate flavors grounded with sweet sage. An ager. Beautiful now through 2012, at least."	Reserve	93	85	California	Rutherford	Napa			Frank Family 2005 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Frank Family
Chile	"Berry and cherry aromas register as soupy and flat. Like the nose, this feels flat, chewy and dense. Stewed, rubbery prunes and plums finish with a fig-like note and rubbery tannins."		84	8	Central Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Rayun 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Central Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Rayun
Portugal	"This wine is full of the ripe fruit as well as the mineral tannins typical of the Douro. It is a blend of typical grapes with a dominance of Touriga Franca. The wood aging has given the ripe black currant flavors a smooth, rounded character as well as adding spice. Drink this wine now."	Contraste Tinto	87	19	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Conceito Vinhos 2013 Contraste Tinto Red (Douro)	Portuguese Red	Conceito Vinhos
US	"This is a thin, water wine with delicate grapefruit flavor. The finish is brightened by a burst of citrusy acidity."		82	12	California	California	California Other			Mirassou 2012 Sauvignon Blanc (California)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mirassou
Chile	"Aromas of vanilla and pear are mild on the nose. This feels heavy and chunky, with low acidity. Vanilla, melon and papaya flavors taste as though they're on the way out, while this soft Chardonnay feels oily on the finish."	Reserva de Familia	85	20	Limarí Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Carolina 2013 Reserva de Familia Chardonnay (Limarí Valley)	Chardonnay	Santa Carolina
US	"Sourced from vines over 103-years old, this wine has unusual concentration of flavor, in the form of black and red raspberries and Dr. Pepper. The wine showcases Zin's briary, brambly spiciness, as well as firm but drinkable tannins. Drink now–2016."	Dolinsek Ranch Old Vine	90	46	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Portalupi 2011 Dolinsek Ranch Old Vine Zinfandel (Russian River Valley)	Zinfandel	Portalupi
US	"Created only in exceptional years like 2010, this is a beautiful example of New York Chardonnay. Elegant on the nose and palate, with penetrating notes of Meyer lemons, honey and waxy white flowers, this is an opulent, full-bodied wine that's judiciously oaked and concentrated through the finish. Drinks gorgeously now, but could easily hold 3-5 years."	Grand Vintage	90	36	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Paumanok 2010 Grand Vintage Chardonnay (North Fork of Long Island)	Chardonnay	Paumanok
US	"A very pretty pale salmon color, cherry and spice aromas are followed by light, tart, dry, mouthwatering fruit flavors. The concentration seems light but there's still much to enjoy."	Rosé	86	12	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Vino 2015 Rosé Sangiovese (Washington)	Sangiovese	Vino
Portugal	A strange orange-pink color for a wine that is somewhere between fruity and sweet and acid and bitter. This one hasn't found a balance.	Companhia das Lezírias Herdade de Catapereiro	82	12	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2014 Companhia das Lezírias Herdade de Catapereiro Rosé (Tejo)	Rosé	Wines & Winemakers
France	"This is a rich and rounded wine, full of yellow fruits that shine through the tense texture. It is ripe, showing minerality as well as tropical fruits and red apples. The wine is going to age relatively quickly, so drink from 2019."	Les Preuses Grand Cru	93	91	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2013 Les Preuses Grand Cru  (Chablis)	Chardonnay	Chanson Père et Fils
Spain	Aromas of apple juice and melon are pleasant. This wine shows adequate balance. Peach and melon flavors finish with creamy weight and a mild note of pyrazines.		84	15	Northern Spain	Somontano		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Batán de Salas 2015 Chardonnay (Somontano)	Chardonnay	Batán de Salas
US	"Sourced from the Dineen Vineyard in the Rattlesnake Hills, this pure Cabernet sports generous plum and berry flavors that are lushly coated in dark notes of espresso, cacao and licorice. There is an underpinning of rock, adding structure and suggesting that this wine could be cellared for another decade."	Red Satin	90	39	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Palouse 2009 Red Satin Cabernet Sauvignon (Washington)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Palouse
US	"This top tier effort captures all the most distinctive characteristics of good Oregon Pinot Noir. Black cherry fruit, a liberal dash of cola, a touch of sassafras and a dusting of baking spice combine in a burst of flavor. Delicious already, it will drink well for another half decade or longer."	Bella Vida Vineyard	92	65	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Fullerton 2015 Bella Vida Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Fullerton
US	"This pretty, aromatic Riesling is lush with cherry-blossom and berry scents that mingle lusciously into layers of wax and lanolin. By contrast, the palate is crisp and bracing with tones of lemon and lime acidity."	Round Rock Vineyard	86	20	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Lamoreaux Landing 2013 Round Rock Vineyard Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Lamoreaux Landing
US	"The Freestone Hill bottling is one of Dutton Goldfield's biggest and most powerful Pinot Noirs, and the '06 is nearly as stunning as the magnificent '05. It just explodes in the mouth with succulent cherry and raspberry pie, mocha and spicy anise and pepper flavors, with fabulous complexities from smoky oak. Terrific now, but the tannins will hold it for a decade."	Dutton Ranch Freestone Hill Vineyard	94	58	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Dutton-Goldfield 2006 Dutton Ranch Freestone Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Dutton-Goldfield
US	"This Malbec shows massive amounts of barrel influence and a strong element of diesel fuel, which takes a while to blow off."	The Heritage Collection	80	12	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peirano 2012 The Heritage Collection Malbec (Lodi)	Malbec	Peirano
Chile	"The nose on this average SB is bland and neutral, but inoffensive. A fleshy, normal feeling palate leads to slightly dilute flavors of scallion, mustard green and apple. This finishes mellow and slightly pithy, with nothing in particular standing out."	Cuvée Tradition	85	13	Rapel Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Château Los Boldos 2012 Cuvée Tradition Sauvignon Blanc (Rapel Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Château Los Boldos
US	"This has a rather noticeable candy cane scent, leading into a beery, yeasty, flat-feeling wine."	Stillwater Creek	83	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Matthews Estate 2008 Stillwater Creek Sauvignon Blanc (Columbia Valley (WA))	Sauvignon Blanc	Matthews Estate
South Africa	"Aromas and flavors of ripe stone fruit, mango and yellow apple abound on this ripe, rounded wine. It's full and weighty, and should be drunk now."		84	10	Robertson			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	Robertson Winery 2013 Chardonnay (Robertson)	Chardonnay	Robertson Winery
Italy	"It leads with dense aromas of black fruit, plum, spice and dried rose petals. The rich palate offers juicy black cherry and red raspberry accented with notes of white pepper, cinnamon clove and cocoa alongside bracing tannins. It closes on a note of black licorice. Drink 2020–2030."	Olo	91	25	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Clavesana 2010 Olo  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Clavesana
France	"While it is not a powerful wine, it is elegant, balanced, with density of flavor and tannns, freshened by fruit acidity and red cherry and black currant fruits. Like many wines from 2007, this is for the medium term, and can even be drunk now."		89	30	Bordeaux	Pessac-Léognan		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Carbonnieux 2007  Pessac-Léognan	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Carbonnieux
Italy	"This single-vineyard Barbaresco Riserva shows lovely floral and fruit scents of violet, iris, ripe berry and pressed powder. The palate is delicious, with black cherry, plum and spice uplifted by freshness and energizing mineral notes. It has ample depth and balance, and while it's drinking well now, it will also age for years."	Vigneti in Muncagota Riserva	94	68	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Produttori del Barbaresco 2008 Vigneti in Muncagota Riserva  (Barbaresco)	Nebbiolo	Produttori del Barbaresco
US	"A light, clear and bright wine from the heart of the appellation, this bottling exudes juicy layers of earthy cardamom spice and dark black cherry. It's well integrated and varietally consistent, offering jolts of minerality that buoy the texture."	Balletto Vineyard	91	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	WesMar 2013 Balletto Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	WesMar
France	"This has the great aromatic complexity you expect from Rugiens. Generous and full textured, this is a full-bodied, rounded wine. Sweet red fruits, touched by spice, are well balanced with a streak of acidity. Wait for four years, at least."	Les Rugiens Premier Cru	94	80	Burgundy	Pommard		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de Courcel 2007 Les Rugiens Premier Cru  (Pommard)	Pinot Noir	Domaine de Courcel
France	"This wine has a crisp, steely texture. The apple and citrus flavors and the wood underlay make this a food-friendly selection."		88	35	Burgundy	Saint-Romain		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Olivier Leflaive 2010  Saint-Romain	Chardonnay	Olivier Leflaive
France	"Big and densely tannic, this wine's fruit is still firmly buried in the structure. It has wood, spice and ripe plum notes. With its concentrated texture, it is still capable of aging."	Cuvée Terre Blanche	88	48	Bordeaux	Saint-Émilion		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Tourans 2006 Cuvée Terre Blanche  (Saint-Émilion)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Tourans
US	"Subtle smoke notes accent tangerine, lemon and lime in this invigorating dry Riesling. Fermented via ambient yeast, its refinement and restrained elegance sets it apart from Casa Larga's other Rieslings. The finish is lingering yet fresh."	Wild Ferment	89	25	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Casa Larga 2014 Wild Ferment Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Casa Larga
US	"Juicy on the nose and palate, with loads of sweet peach and melon, this semidry Riesling is balanced by brisk lime-tinged acidity and crisp starfruit flavors that shine on the midpalate. Finishes on a pleasantly drying jasmine-tea note."		87	15	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Knapp 2010 Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Knapp
US	"This is a broad-shouldered, full-bodied wine that shows true varietal character in its mix of earthy, spicy strawberry and cherry notes."		90	38	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	David Bruce 2014 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	David Bruce
US	"This wine combines Merlot, Petite Sirah, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Zinfandel from multiple appellations, including Atlas Peak, Coombsville and Mount Veeder. Funky in cinnamon stick and clove, it features a silky, medium-sized build and soft, generous tannin, with a dry, spicy finish."		89	39	California	Napa County	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bootleg 2012 Red (Napa County)	Red Blend	Bootleg
Argentina	"Seemingly more candied and sweet than prior years, but still a reasonably good generic-style Cabernet if you don't mind a little sucking candy and gumball along the route. Flavors of strawberry and cassis are sticky but ripe, while the finish is chewy and sweet."	Organica	84	10	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Julia 2007 Organica Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Santa Julia
France	"This is a taut wine that's full of zest, acidity and delicate wild strawberry fruit. It has a hint of orange and almond, with a great crisp feeling."	L'Alycastre	87	14	Provence	Côtes de Provence		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine de la Courtade 2011 L'Alycastre Rosé (Côtes de Provence)	Rosé	Domaine de la Courtade
US	"Freshly scented of apple and yellow peaches, this fairly dry Riesling gains softness from a sweet white grapefruit juice note. Brisk with a lemon pith astringency and notes of slate and chalk that linger through a clean, minerally finish."	Dry	86	14	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Lucas Vineyards 2009 Dry Riesling (Finger Lakes)	Riesling	Lucas Vineyards
France	"This is a blend from several Grand Crus on the Corton hill. It is rich and spicy, with great black fruits and solid tannins. A powerful wine, it's shot through with acidity and black-plum fruits throughout the structure. Drink from 2023."	Château Corton Grancey	95	170	Burgundy	Corton		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Louis Latour 2014 Château Corton Grancey  (Corton)	Pinot Noir	Louis Latour
US	"The 2011 Estate Selection brings flavors of rhubarb, citrus and tart raspberry, along with suggestions of pine needles and chocolate. It's well structured and proportionate—a good reflection of the vintage and Willamette Valley-style Pinot Noir."	Estate Selection	89	34	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Erath 2011 Estate Selection Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Erath
US	"A pretty good Merlot for the price, it's dry and full-bodied, with cola, black cherry, oak and baking spice flavors. Easy to drink with everything from burgers to a char-broiled steak."		85	15	California	Monterey County	Central Coast			Lockwood 2012 Merlot (Monterey County)	Merlot	Lockwood
France	"From the oldest vines owned by the producer, this wine is intense and concentrated. Packed with citrus and still-bright herbal flavors it has layers of minerality and perfumed acidity. It still has its freshness which is in the process of changing into a rich maturity. Drink now and until 2024."	La Bourgeoise	93	40	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2014 La Bourgeoise  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Henri Bourgeois
Argentina	"A bit sweaty smelling, with pinched grapefruit aromas and distant citrus. The flavors say generic apple and lime, and there's a flatness to it. It's a little sugary as well. OK for a wine with pronounced low acidity."	Vástago de Gea	83	15	Other	Argentina		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Staphyle 2009 Vástago de Gea Sauvignon Blanc (Argentina)	Sauvignon Blanc	Staphyle
Italy	"Produced by probaby the most popular brand found in the many trattorie of Rome, this creamy Chardonnay delivers aromas of peach, apricot and vanilla cream."		88	20	Central Italy	Lazio				Casale del Giglio 2011 Chardonnay (Lazio)	Chardonnay	Casale del Giglio
US	"Country style, with its rough, earthy tannins and brambly berry flavors. Yet it's clean and likeable, with intensely jammy, berry and stone fruit flavors. It also has a nice, round, supple texture. A versatile wine with lots going for it."		86	16	California	El Dorado	Sierra Foothills			Granite Springs 1999 Syrah (El Dorado)	Syrah	Granite Springs
Spain	"Toasty, oaky aromas of graphite, pepper, barrel char and black fruits properly announce a palate of chewy tannins and several layers of blackberry, cassis, barrel-spice, toast and chocolate flavors. Chocolaty depth on the finish only adds to the package. Drink through 2030."	Reserva	92	59	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Lleiroso 2011 Reserva  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Lleiroso
Chile	"Aromas of mango, pineapple and petrol are pure Riesling. Plump on the palate, with citrusy acidity, this tastes of green melon, lime and tarragon. On the finish, a simple, sweet melony flavor blends into a sharper grapefruit note."	Single Vineyard Block no.23 Rulos del Alta	89	20	Bío Bío Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cono Sur 2014 Single Vineyard Block no.23 Rulos del Alta Riesling (Bío Bío Valley)	Riesling	Cono Sur
US	"This is sourced from a longstanding, well-respected vineyard, and it does the windswept, foggy site justice. Tightly woven and youthful, it shows broad, juicy black cherry, wild strawberry, baking spice, compost and brawny oak flavors."	Las Brisas Vineyard	91	48	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Anaba 2014 Las Brisas Vineyard Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Anaba
US	"This wine offers notes of woodspice, butterscotch, coffee and blackberry. The fruit flavors are lighter in style with mouthwatering acids and firm, grippy tannins that need some time or perhaps a big, juicy steak to tame them."	Reserve	89	45	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Henry Earl 2010 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Henry Earl
US	"Bold and very woody, this full-bodied wine takes charred oak, pine needle and aromatic cedar aromas through to ripe plum, licorice and black-cherry flavors. It stays smooth in texture, with a layer of fine tannins but otherwise is soft in mouthfeel."		87	22	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Lodi Estates 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Lodi)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Lodi Estates
Chile	"Light simple citrus aromas fall halfway between punchy and vacuous. This feels wet but basic, while briny flavors of pickled cucumber and scallion blend with citrus notes. A fair finish is fresh and light."		85	11	Curicó Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Terrapura 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Terrapura
Italy	"Bright red berry and violet aromas lead off this soft, medium-bodied red. The palate offers dark cherry and a whiff of white pepper alongside round tannins. It's already accessible so enjoy soon. Drink through 2017."		87	30	Piedmont	Barbaresco		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Rocca Felice 2011  Barbaresco	Nebbiolo	Rocca Felice
Argentina	"A heady wine with mocha, chocolate, balsamic notes and black fruit on the bouquet. At first it seems thick and dumbed down, but it opens up to display bold berry flavors, stewed fruit, chocolate and savory accents. It's just lively enough, but overall this ranks as a saturated, bulky, round wine that falls squarely into the category of New World and ripe."	Cadus Single Vineyard	88	45	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Nieto Senetiner 2006 Cadus Single Vineyard Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Nieto Senetiner
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot come together to form an herbal, medium-bodied wine that drinks lean. Cedar, black tar and leather meet black pepper and chocolate while the tannins remain tight and firm."	Proprietary	87	49	California	Sonoma County	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Hensteeth 2010 Proprietary Red (Sonoma County)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Hensteeth
US	"Earthy forest floor and sage notes make for a savory experience in this otherwise juicy wine. Robust, full-bodied and concentrated, it offers developed flavors of baked plum, strawberry and rhubarb compote, the fruit edged with menthol."	Keefer Ranch Vineyard	94	70	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Della 2015 Keefer Ranch Vineyard Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Della
Chile	"Tropical aromas of melon, pineapple juice and canned pears are friendly. A fresh palate with minimal depth and weight offers simple apple and white-grape flavors prior to a lean, melony tasting finish."	Select Terroir Unoaked	84	9	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Santa Ema 2015 Select Terroir Unoaked Chardonnay (Maipo Valley)	Chardonnay	Santa Ema
Germany	"Wet slate and chalk penetrate through silken layers of honey, fig and dried apricot in this decadent beerenauslese. It's intensely concentrated in fruit, but also racy and taut, finishing with a flair of rose petals and pink grapefruit. Stunning now, but structured enough to develop beautifully for decades."	Hochheimer Kirchenstück Beerenauslese	95	323	Rheingau			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Domdechant Werner 2013 Hochheimer Kirchenstück Beerenauslese Riesling (Rheingau)	Riesling	Domdechant Werner
US	"This polished, un-oaked Riesling shows the variety's petrol note riding high over citrus and honeysuckle flavors. It's off dry and brisk in acidity. With alcohol of 12.5% by volume, it's a lovely, delicate wine to drink now."	Riven Rock Vineyard	87	22	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast			Cutruzzola 2011 Riven Rock Vineyard Riesling (San Luis Obispo County)	Riesling	Cutruzzola
Argentina	"Raw, reedy aromas of currant and cherry lead to a rubbery, pinched palate. Cherry and berry flavors are generic, as is the finish, which has hints of brown sugar. The blend is Merlot, Bonarda and Malbec."	Signature	84	11	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Zolo 2015 Signature Red (Mendoza)	Red Blend	Zolo
France	"Fresh and herbal, this young, textured wine shows green fruits and crisp acidity right up front, making it immediately attractive. Drink it now for this fruit or wait until later in 2017 for it to soften."	Les Tuilières	89	32	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Michel Redde et Fils 2015 Les Tuilières  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Michel Redde et Fils
Italy	"Scorched earth, underbrush, blue flower and woodland berry are some of the scents you'll find on this focused wine. The elegant, full-bodied palate delivers black raspberry, mature cherry, brown kitchen spice and a hint of leather alongside tightly wound but refined tannins. Drink 2016–2021."	Riserva	90	35	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cafaggio 2011 Riserva  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Cafaggio
US	"This is a fine Pinot Noir, but it does show that not everything bearing a Bien Nacido origin is great. The wine is good for drinking now, with a proper acid-tannin structure and rich but simple cherry, raspberry, cola and sandalwood flavors."	Bien Nacido Vineyard	86	30	California	Santa Maria Valley	Central Coast			Sanctuary 2011 Bien Nacido Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Maria Valley)	Pinot Noir	Sanctuary
Italy	"Pretty aromas of violet, rose and wild berry lead the nose. The bright but rather lean palate offers raw red berry, peppercorn and saline together with notes of dried sage. Astringent tannins create an abrupt finish."	Tradizione	87	87	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Vitanza 2010 Tradizione  (Brunello di Montalcino)	Sangiovese	Tenuta Vitanza
Italy	"Underbrush, truffle, stewed plum and toasted aromas come together in the glass. The packed, densely concentrated palate offers raisin, blackberry jam, pipe tobacco, baking spice and dark bitter chocolate framed in bracing, close-grained tannins that still need to unwind. You'll also notice the warmth of alcohol on the finish. Give this a few more years to let the tannins loosen up. Drink 2018 through 2026."	La Fabriseria Riserva	93	250	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tedeschi 2011 La Fabriseria Riserva  (Amarone della Valpolicella Classico)	Red Blend	Tedeschi
Portugal	"The wine is ripe, full of the Alentejo warmth while still having enough smoke and spice flavors to paint a contrast. The acidity and the full aftertaste give a rich finish."	Rotas de Portugal Tinto	86	9	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Santos & Seixo 2015 Rotas de Portugal Tinto Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Santos & Seixo
US	"Dry and silky in texture, but there's not much else going on, except for modest cherry, tobacco and herb flavors."		82	8	California	California	California Other			Redtree 2011 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Redtree
Italy	"This is a delicious Amarone boasting black-cherry and plum-cake flavors layered with cinnamon, nutmeg and notes of vanilla and well-integrated oak. With its chewy tannins and freshness, this will develop complexity over the next few years. Drink after 2016."		92	67	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Montecariano 2008  Amarone della Valpolicella Classico	Red Blend	Montecariano
France	"Ripe and sweet, this wine is full of generous red plums and berries. It is immediately attractive with its spice, structure and tannins playing a supporting role to the almost jammy fruit. Acidity at the end adds some attractive freshness to this ripe wine. Drink from 2020"	La Montagne	92	50	Burgundy	Marsannay		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Huguenot 2014 La Montagne  (Marsannay)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Huguenot
US	"Integrating the buttered toast and caramel notes of new oak with the underlying wine, this is is a Chardonnay of classy California dimensions. Despite a cool vintage, the grapes achieved remarkable ripeness, with flavors suggesting oranges and spicy, creamy papayas, while bright acidity gives it all a wakeup call of zest."	Heintz Family Vineyard	91	38	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Von Holt 2011 Heintz Family Vineyard Chardonnay (Sonoma Coast)	Chardonnay	Von Holt
France	"Light in color, this is a soft, red fruited wine. It has red cherry flavors with a dry edge of fruit tannin and wood. The acidity and the juicy aftertaste give a really attractive finish."	Château Ollwiller	87	15	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vieil Armand 2009 Château Ollwiller Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Vieil Armand
Italy	"Aromas of white spring flowers, orchard fruit, citrus and a hint of bread crust lead the nose. The creamy palate offers nectarine zest, ripe yellow apple and toasted walnut accompanied by a firm, refined perlage."	Primum	90	40	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	La Valle NV Primum Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	La Valle
US	"A little on the soft side, with candied raspberry, cherry and cola flavors, but at this price, it's a decent starter Pinot Noir for those who are curious about this red-hot variety but don't want to spend a bundle. Enjoy the silkiness and spice."		86	13	California	California	California Other			Leese-Fitch 2009 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Leese-Fitch
US	"Crisp in acidity and delicious, with honeyed flavors of pineapples, green apples, Meyer lemons, vanilla and peppery spices. Finishes a bit sugary sweet, which detracts from pure balance."	La Cruz Vineyard	87	30	California	Sonoma Coast	Sonoma			Keller Estate 2007 La Cruz Vineyard Pinot Gris (Sonoma Coast)	Pinot Gris	Keller Estate
Argentina	"Cool, herbal aromas of tomato leaf, oregano and beef stew set up a chewy palate with grabby tannins. A mix of savory spices and minty, baked berry flavors end with peppery notes, chunky weight and a tough of heat. Drink through 2022."	Bramare	91	45	Mendoza Province	Luján de Cuyo		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Cobos 2013 Bramare Cabernet Sauvignon (Luján de Cuyo)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Viña Cobos
France	"Produced from biodynamically grown grapes, the wine honors the fact that the Romans got here 2,000 years ago. It has intense fruit, yellow and whites stone-fruit flavors and just the right bright acidity to go with all this opulence. The aftertaste brings in spice and vanilla that add complexity. Drink the wine from 2018."	Les Romains	92	35	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Fouassier 2015 Les Romains  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Domaine Fouassier
US	"Longbow is a blend of several vineyard sites otherwise vineyard-designated by the producer, a chance to showcase winemaker Matt Courtney's way with fruit. In his first vintage at Arista, he excels in crafting a wine exuberant in high-toned black cherry and structured, silky tannin, lengthy and fresh in aromas of rose petal and cinnamon."	Longbow	94	64	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Arista 2013 Longbow Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Arista
US	"A négociant effort, this was done entirely in stainless steel and neutral oak. Tart and light, it has simple strawberry fruit with a touch of spice. It offers no tricks, just straight-ahead Pinot at a modest price for Oregon."		87	20	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Domaine Loubejac 2013 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Loubejac
Italy	"Baking spice, dried flower, dark-skinned berry and a whiff of coconut lead the nose on this straightforward Barolo. The firm palate offers dried black cherry, toast and vanilla alongside firm, tightly knit tannins."		89	59	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tenuta Rocca 2011  Barolo	Nebbiolo	Tenuta Rocca
US	"The grapes come from three vineyards: Georges III in Rutherford, Tokalon in Oakville and Stagecoach, up on Atlas Peak. That helps explain the wine's beauty. It's pure California, cult-style Cab, soft and generous, with voluptuously ripe black currant and black cherry flavors elaborately enriched with spicy, smoky, 100% new French oak. My only quibble is that it could use a little more subtlety."	Blend 26	94	85	California	Napa Valley	Napa			B Cellars 2004 Blend 26 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	B Cellars
Australia	"Comes out of the chute showing a funky, rubbery edge, but that blows off with a little time to reveal dark, somewhat earthy notes of cola and blackberry. It's medium-bodied, with good length to the finish, where it picks up enough dusty tannins to give it backbone."	Cabernet Shiraz Merlot	87	9	Western Australia	Western Australia		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Ironberry 2005 Cabernet Shiraz Merlot Red (Western Australia)	Red Blend	Ironberry
Spain	"Shows some nice red berry fruit with tobacco and white pepper accents, but a negative note between green pepper and sour cream distracts and detracts considerably. A tasty wine with nice feel and decent length upon opening, it disappointingly goes downhill as the off-putting element ascends. —M.M."	Mas D'Aranyó Riserva	83	15	Catalonia	Penedès				Segura Viudas 1997 Mas D'Aranyó Riserva Tempranillo (Penedès)	Tempranillo	Segura Viudas
New Zealand	"For a wine made from young-vine fruit, this is reasonably concentrated and structured. Ample tannins support black-cherry and mocha flavors, then finish long and dusty in texture."	Petit Clos	89	18	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Clos Henri 2015 Petit Clos Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Clos Henri
Italy	"Sleek and savory, this blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc opens with aromas of mocha, spicy plum, scorched earth and leather. The juicy palate offers black currant, cassis, black pepper, savory herb and licorice alongside polished tannins."	Poggio Bestiale	91	60	Tuscany	Maremma Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Fattoria di Magliano 2011 Poggio Bestiale  (Maremma Toscana)	Red Blend	Fattoria di Magliano
New Zealand	"Aromas of cedar and leather leave a savory impression that's echoed on the palate, where flavors center on cola, baking spices and mushroom. A crisp finish provides bright contrast. Drink up."		85	15	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Fault Line 2013 Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Fault Line
US	"Murrieta's blend of 31% Sauvignon Blanc, 27% Viognier, 15% Sémillon, 11% Pinot Blanc, 8% Orange Muscat and 8% Muscat Canellii is well-made and likable, medium-thick and somewhat sweet in style with citrus and almond accents. Delightfully quaffable."	The Whip White Wine	86	19	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Murrieta's Well 2010 The Whip White Wine White (Livermore Valley)	White Blend	Murrieta's Well
US	"This is a complex young wine, made in the white Bordeaux style. It has been barrel fermented and aged on the lees. Marked by crisp, mouthwatering acidity, it shows a grassy, hay quality that dries out the citrus fruit and apple fruit, giving the wine a bone-dry feel. Very fine and near the top of Napa Valley Sauvignon Blancs."	Terroir Coquerel	93	37	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Cockerell 2007 Terroir Coquerel Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Cockerell
France	"Light and fruity, this is an attractive, rounded wine. With its bright acidity, touch of minerality and orange-peel flavor, it is open and ready to drink."		87	32	Burgundy	Chablis		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Chanson Père et Fils 2014  Chablis	Chardonnay	Chanson Père et Fils
Italy	"Intense aromas of mature black cherry, licorice, leather and a balsamic note lead the nose and follow over to the palate along with cranberry and a note of pipe tobacco. Tightly packed, rather austere tannins provide firm support and need time to unwind. Drink after 2012."	San Pietro Riserva	90	120	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Viberti 2010 San Pietro Riserva  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Viberti
US	"Very soft and direct, this Syrah offers lush flavors of blackberries, currants, dark chocolate, smoky oak and pepper. It seems at its best now."	Glenrose Vineyard Reserve	85	55	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast			Adelaida 2005 Glenrose Vineyard Reserve Syrah (Paso Robles)	Syrah	Adelaida
US	"From an older block of estate vineyard, planted to budwood originally sourced from Martha's Vineyard, this 80% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Petit Verdot and 10% Malbec is not for the faint of heart or palate. Burly and expansive, its aromatics star, inviting in cedar, mocha and vanilla before black pepper and cherry take over. The tannins are velvety."	Estate	90	80	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Von Strasser 2012 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon (Diamond Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Von Strasser
Spain	"Lots of color but quiet and shy, with only minimal expressiveness throughout. The palate offers just one level of baked-fruit flavors, but no variance or complexity. And in the end it's clean and solid, but more amorphous and monotone than you'd hope for given the price. 70% Monastrell and 30% Cab Franc is the blend; 160 cases made."	Minimum	85	75	Levante	Valencia		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Rafael Cambra 2005 Minimum Red (Valencia)	Red Blend	Bodegas Rafael Cambra
Spain	"We suggest very little time with this bulky, medicinal Tempranillo. Despite color and weight, it's prickly, sour and not too ripe. The flavors and finish are short, while the overriding impression is that it's underdeveloped."		82	11	Northern Spain	Navarra		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	No Time 2007 Tempranillo (Navarra)	Tempranillo	No Time
US	"Deliciously bright and spicy, its cranberry and raspberry fruit is highlighted with pepper and cinnamon. With more breathing time it fleshes out, fills in with pretty pie cherry flavors and some pleasing toastiness."	Three Legged Red	88	17	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Dunham 2007 Three Legged Red Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Dunham
Italy	"This sparkling wine made from Chardonnay and Pinot Nero has a floral fragrance of Spanish broom and acacia. The palate shows white peach, citrus and toasted almond flavors. It has creamy texture supported by crisp acidity."	Millesimato Brut	90	22	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Monzio Compagnoni 2009 Millesimato Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Monzio Compagnoni
US	"Buttery cream is on the nose of this vineyard-designate, a relatively affordable offering from an esteemed producer in the heart of the Napa Valley. Oaky on the palate, the medium-weighted wine is nicely offset by a searingly crisp bite of lemon that peaks on the finish."	Persephone Vineyard	87	28	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Peju 2013 Persephone Vineyard Chardonnay (Napa Valley)	Chardonnay	Peju
US	"For 40 bucks, this is a sumptuous, lush young wine that offers all the fancy fruit and oak you expect from an upscale Napa Cab."		91	40	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Whitehall Lane 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Whitehall Lane
US	"This is a smooth and gently fruity wine. Aromas are subtle, fresh and slightly floral, while the more-forward flavors resemble peaches and honeydew melons. The texture is smooth rather than tart, and the wine may have a touch of residual sugar to keep it tasting fruity and feeling rounded."		87	18	California	Potter Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	McFadden 2014 Riesling (Potter Valley)	Riesling	McFadden
France	"A herbal touch of crushed lemon balm and apple peel makes for an intriguing, inviting nose. The palate adds fresh apple notes to these subtle herb notes and remains totally juicy and lively. This seems far fresher than its six years and the herbal tinges are just the beginning of maturity. This is lovely, concentrated and spirited stuff with a whistle-clean utterly dry finish. Testaments to Riesling's longevity."	Osterberg Grand Cru	94	27	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Louis Sipp 2010 Osterberg Grand Cru Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Louis Sipp
Italy	"A blend of Sangiovese and 10% Pugnitello, this has rustic aromas of game, overripe black-skinned fruit and barnyard. The funky aromas carry over to the palate but the fruit has dried up. Grainy, almost gritty tannins leave a raspy finish."	Ada Andrighetti Gran Selezione	83	33	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Casale dello Sparviero 2012 Ada Andrighetti Gran Selezione  (Chianti Classico)	Sangiovese	Casale dello Sparviero
Italy	"This wine opens with aromas of blue flower, mature black fruit, vanilla, cake spices and toasted sensations. The dense palate delivers ripe red cherry, vanilla, plum, oak and bracing tannins. It lacks freshness and essential energy, so enjoy over the next few years."		87	47	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tornesi 2009  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Tornesi
US	"This wine has intense and complex flavors while keeping a graceful texture and great balance between acidity, body and tannins. Aromas suggest raspberries and strawberries with hints of pine forest and earth, while the flavors are vivid and bright."	Lot 15	91	19	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Tangley Oaks 2013 Lot 15 Pinot Noir (North Coast)	Pinot Noir	Tangley Oaks
US	"Petrol, sliced tennis ball and fresh-cut grass show on the nose of this bottling that is boosted in the suavity category by 13% Sémillon. It's immediately lively on the tongue, with soda and lime-pith energy giving tension to the Anjou pear skins and kumquat fruit."		89	21	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Piocho 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Piocho
US	"A big, firm 100% Cab, rich in blackberry jam and black currant flavors, enriched with lots of sweet, smoky oak. It's made in the modern cult style of soft approachability. It might age, but seems best now for sheer luxury."	Seventy Four - Forty One	91	65	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Jean Edwards 2009 Seventy Four - Forty One Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jean Edwards
US	"Underripe, slightly green orange peels mix with honeydew, grass and lime on this straightforward selection. The palate shows a touch of peach on the first part of the sip before delving into pungent grassiness that continues through the finish, all complemented by a wet stone frame."	Camp 4 Vineyard	90	24	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Kitá 2013 Camp 4 Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Santa Ynez Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kitá
Italy	"Wild berry, crushed herb, violet and baking spice scents lift out of the glass along with a whiff of menthol. Focused and elegantly structured, the delicious palate doles out ripe Marasca cherry, raspberry compote, cinnamon, sage and white pepper, while refined tannins and bright acidity provide supple support and impeccable balance. Drink 2023–2033."	Marcenasco	95	50	Piedmont	Barolo		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Renato Ratti 2013 Marcenasco  (Barolo)	Nebbiolo	Renato Ratti
US	"This wine is aromatically expressive, with notes of apple juice and lees, seeming to show some oxygen exposure. It's full in feel, with sweet apple flavors on the finish."		82	20	America			Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Original House Wine NV Chardonnay (America)	Chardonnay	Original House Wine
US	"Hot pink in color, this Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant rosé brings aromas of cherry and bubble gum. It drinks dry with fat-feeling fruit flavors that need a bit more acid to perk them up."	No. 9	86	25	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Swiftwater Cellars 2015 No. 9 Rosé (Columbia Valley (WA))	Rosé	Swiftwater Cellars
US	"This Zin is made in the St. Francis style of dryness at the cost of extremely high alcohol. It's a good, lusty wine made for drinking with rich fare that will counter-balanced the heat. The flavors of blackberries, currants and peppery spices are very rich."	Montecillo Vineyard Kaarin's Terrace	86	40	California	Sonoma Valley	Sonoma			St. Francis 2007 Montecillo Vineyard Kaarin's Terrace Zinfandel (Sonoma Valley)	Zinfandel	St. Francis
France	"A balanced wine that showcases the ripe fruit while preserving freshness and layers of melon and spiced pear flavors. It has some concentration, leaving a final rich texture."	Pfingstberg Grand Cru	89	43	Alsace	Alsace		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Lucien Albrecht 2007 Pfingstberg Grand Cru Pinot Gris (Alsace)	Pinot Gris	Lucien Albrecht
Italy	"This opens with subdued, earthy aromas suggesting used leather, grilled sage, Mediterranean scrub and mature berry. On the hearty, monolithic palate, a pronounced licorice note and alcoholic warmth underscore the mature black cherry and clove flavors. Assertive tannins provide a tight framework. Drink 2020–2027."		91	58	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Capanna 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Capanna
France	"High acidity makes this wine taste bright, fruity and light. There is only a hint of dry tannin to the red currant flavor."	Les Chapitres de Jaffelin	84	23	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jaffelin 2010 Les Chapitres de Jaffelin  (Bourgogne)	Pinot Noir	Jaffelin
US	"Candied fruit and oak combine on the palate for a smooth ride in this medium-weight wine, priced attractively given the quality. A bittersweet hint of tobacco greets the finish."	Ruth's Reach	86	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Yardstick 2012 Ruth's Reach Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Yardstick
US	"Not as rich or chewy as the Diamond Mountain Ranch bottling, Sterling's 2004 Reserve Cabernet is immediately accessible, offering aromas and flavors of cassis and dried spices and soft tannins. A good steak house red."	Reserve	89	75	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Sterling 2004 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sterling
France	"From one of those rare properties in Pauillac that are not classified growths, this wine is ripe, dark, still smoky and very structured. It has some of the weight of the vintage although in a restrained way, giving juicy black currant fruits behind the tannic structure. Drink from 2017."		91	49	Bordeaux	Pauillac		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Gaudin 2010  Pauillac	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Gaudin
US	"Tough and gritty now, due to a combination of hard skin and seed tannins and unintegrated new oak. The intensely concentrated blackberry fruit has a slight edge of raisiny overripeness that adds to the sweet, fruity richness. Seems perfectly capable of aging for many years. Try after 2012."		91	80	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Jericho Canyon Vineyard 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Jericho Canyon Vineyard
US	"There are too many grape varieties (at least ten) in this blend to list, but they're dominated by Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon. That makes it an old-fashioned field blend, and it's pretty darn good. It's fundamentally a dry but fruity wine, with good acidity and firm but drink-me-now tannins."	Medley Alegria Vineyards	90	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Acorn 2010 Medley Alegria Vineyards Red (Russian River Valley)	Red Blend	Acorn
Argentina	"Earthy and stalky on the nose, this wine struggles to come up with the goods. It's sappy and citric in feel, with burnt, stalky flavors of herbal raspberry. A tart tasting, oaky finish does little to help this along."	Cumbres del Plata Reserva de Familia Oak	83	13	Mendoza Province	Maipú		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Palo Alto 2011 Cumbres del Plata Reserva de Familia Oak Malbec (Maipú)	Malbec	Palo Alto
US	"Tastes new-oaky and a bit overextracted now, even overripe, with black and red currant, caramel and vanilla flavors wrapped into firm tannins. Doesn't seem like the ambiguities will age out, so drink now."	The Vault	85	32	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Banknote 2007 The Vault Red (Napa Valley)	Red Blend	Banknote
France	"This is a very fine wine showing a new level of quality at Montrose. With its almost velvet tannins inside the intense black fruits, the wine is rich, smooth and generous. Blackberry and black-plum fruits are to the fore along with the fine acidity and great structure. A wine to age for decades, it will be ready to drink from 2027."		97	135	Bordeaux	Saint-Estèphe		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Montrose 2014  Saint-Estèphe	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Montrose
US	"This delicate Pinot Noir might leave you wishing for a boost in power, concentration and depth. Nevertheless, this wine is quaffable and bright, with red cherry notes that lead to a refreshing, brisk finish."	Sunrise Hill Vineyard	84	26	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Damiani 2011 Sunrise Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir (Finger Lakes)	Pinot Noir	Damiani
Spain	"Full, ripe and so tannic in its present form that it's scratchy and hard on the mouth. Aromas of ripe berry and syrup hint at its core power, while flavors of blackberry, fresh raisin and chocolate are true and good. A powerpacked wine with a fierce mouthfeel; only time can bring it around. Hold until 2011."	Tinto Roa Reserva	88	40	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas y Viñedos Rauda 2004 Tinto Roa Reserva  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Bodegas y Viñedos Rauda
France	"The nose is rather shy and just hints at citrus freshness. The palate, however, fizzes with expressive lively lemon notes which are presented on a light, fruity, inherently fresh and dry body. This is easy and totally refreshing and finishes on a lovely lemon note."	Prestige Brut	89	50	Alsace	Crémant d'Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Cave du Roi Dagobert NV Prestige Brut Sparkling (Crémant d'Alsace)	Sparkling Blend	Cave du Roi Dagobert
US	"Not too deep in color or overly effusive in aroma, this nevertheless full-bodied wine has fresh red cherry and plum flavors backed by firm acidity and tannins. Its relative restraint and balance will make a great accompaniment to grilled quail or chicken or even roast venison."	Charles Vineyard Zero	91	38	California	Anderson Valley		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Foursight 2012 Charles Vineyard Zero Pinot Noir (Anderson Valley)	Pinot Noir	Foursight
US	"A fine evocation of this esteemed vineyard, this shows the typical power and extracted fruit in the form of pure raspberry and cherry essence. It's all packed into a firm texture of acids, tannins and stony minerality. Upscale and elegant, it's fine now, and should develop bottle complexities over the next 6–8 years."	Rosella's Vineyard	93	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Furthermore 2009 Rosella's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Furthermore
US	"Very fine and complex, this is a great sparkling wine, but one that needs lots of time in the bottle. A classic brut blended with Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, it's rich with flavors of strawberries, limes, vanilla and honey, with lots of smoky toast and yeastiness. Above all, the mousse is exceptionally refined and pure."	Reserve	95	110	California	North Coast	North Coast			Schramsberg 2005 Reserve Sparkling (North Coast)	Sparkling Blend	Schramsberg
US	"This is just over half Cabernet Sauvignon, with the balance Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Malbec and Petit Verdot. The aromas of herb, barrel spice, black cherry and coffee need time to reveal themselves fully. The dark cherry and blackberry flavors show richness and polish. Give it an extended decant if opening in the near term but it will be worth it. It will be best from 2020 to 2027."	Perigee Seven Hills Vineyard Estate Grown	92	50	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	L'Ecole No. 41 2012 Perigee Seven Hills Vineyard Estate Grown Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	L'Ecole No. 41
US	"This one is all about the seductive and sexy side of Pinot. The ample bouquet is pure elegance, with an atypically rich cherry and chocolate character. The luscious mouthfeel supports the plummy flavor, which is accented by clove, lavender and anise. For a big and chewy wine, there’s structure, but overall it’s a friendly softy. Drink now or over the next few years."	Nuthouse	92	40	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley			Argyle 1998 Nuthouse Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Noir	Argyle
Portugal	"Produced from organically grown grapes, this is a young, fruity wine that has been produced to be drunk young. Light tannins and pure black currant flavors give the wine plenty of freshness and acidity. The wine is rich and ready to drink."	Art Terra	88	20	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas 2014 Art Terra Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Casa Agricola Alexandre Relvas
US	"This wine seems a bit reduced right out of the bottle. Give it plenty of oxygen, and light blueberry fruit flavors emerge. The aging in 60% new French oak brings in a lot of barrel flavors that seem mismatched with the light fruit."		86	30	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Foundry Vineyards 2011 Syrah (Columbia Valley (WA))	Syrah	Foundry Vineyards
Chile	"Bright in color but that's where the excitement ends. The nose has plum, cherry and nail polish aromas, while the palate is sour, sheer, overly acidic and tartaric to the max. Way too sour and sharp."		81	9	Maule Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Sundance 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Maule Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Sundance
France	"Tangy and mineral, this is a crisp apple- and citrus-driven wine, full of fruitiness while also having a tight texture. Its acidity just adds to the generally ripe character of the wine. Drink now."	Réserve Personnelle	87	37	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter 2013 Réserve Personnelle  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Jean-Luc and Paul Aegerter
US	"This is a pleasant wine, with grapefruit and nectarine fruit, fresh but just a little flat through the midpalate. A good sipping wine, it's best served chilled and enjoyed while young."	The Orchards	86	18	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Left Coast Cellars 2013 The Orchards Pinot Gris (Willamette Valley)	Pinot Gris	Left Coast Cellars
US	"Herbal and chaparral-driven, this bottling from a specific estate block shows bay leaf, thyme, oregano and menthol notes against a ripe cranberry aromatic base. The earthy palate offers beet, rhubarb, oregano, marjoram and anise. Camphor, juniper and pine needle kick in toward the finish."	Arena Block	93	39	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Wrights Station 2013 Arena Block Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Wrights Station
US	"Showing classic Santa Lucia highlights of enormously ripe cherries, Asian spices and acidity, this wine flatters the palate with the sheer force of its fruit and new oak. It's a young, fresh, vibrant wine that's at its best now."	Rosella's Vineyard	90	50	California	Santa Lucia Highlands	Central Coast			Bernardus 2005 Rosella's Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Lucia Highlands)	Pinot Noir	Bernardus
US	"A brisk, savory Sauvignon Blanc with rich flavors of citrus fruits, lemongrass, green melons, figs and smoky vanilla spice. Tastes a little on the sweet side."	Ghielmetti Vineyard	85	17	California	Livermore Valley	Central Coast			Fenestra 2007 Ghielmetti Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Livermore Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Fenestra
US	"A darker shade of blood orange in the glass, this bottling of Cabernet Sauvignon shows cranberry and orange on the nose. It's quite flat on the sip, with sour orange, strawberry and plum notes, and that makes it seem more like an afterthought than a focused rosé, which is such a competitive category now."		84	25	California	San Luis Obispo County	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Asuncion Ridge 2016 Rosé (San Luis Obispo County)	Rosé	Asuncion Ridge
US	"Still seeming to need time to open up and stretch its legs, this wine offers high-toned aromas of graphite, caramel, vanilla and plum. It's full and plush in feel with tart fruit flavors and a finish that glides."		92	36	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Tamarack Cellars 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Tamarack Cellars
US	"The volatiles are quite amped up here along with abundant barrel spices, such as vanilla and toast. The palate brings sweet jammy slightly dried-out raspberry and cranberry flavors but they have a hard time making up the difference."		85	49	Washington	Washington	Washington Other	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gianni Buonomo 2012 Sangiovese (Washington)	Sangiovese	Gianni Buonomo
Chile	"Tropical aromas rise up and win you over. Bold and citrusy in the mouth, with crisp lime, green apple, grapefruit and passion fruit flavors. Zesty and remaining fruity until the end. A ripe, fresh, familiar wine done right."	Aliwen Reserva	88	12	Curicó and Leyda Valleys			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2010 Aliwen Reserva Sauvignon Blanc (Curicó and Leyda Valleys)	Sauvignon Blanc	Undurraga
US	"Much lighter than the winery's other bottling of this level, this wine shows cranberry, light olive and the slightest hint of eucalyptus on the nose. Cranberry, black pepper, pencil lead and earth show on the palate, which makes for a very nice wine, just not quite as stunning as the Bien Nacido version."	Theresa Noelle Estate Proprietor's Reserve	89	80	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Summerland 2013 Theresa Noelle Estate Proprietor's Reserve Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Summerland
Australia	"A richer, yet no better, style than the 2000 Limestone Coast bottling. Peach and vanilla aromas and flavors take the lead, with buttered popcorn and alcoholic warmth playing supporting roles. The finish is long, featuring a slightly bitter note akin to citrus rind."	Reserve	87	29	South Australia	Padthaway		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Stonehaven 1999 Reserve Chardonnay (Padthaway)	Chardonnay	Stonehaven
New Zealand	"This light-hued, coppery-tinged rosé features delicate aromas of crushed stone and stone fruit. It's medium bodied and crisp, with peach and melon fruit that finishes dry and refreshing. Drink now."	Rosé	89	20	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Spy Valley 2015 Rosé Pinot Noir (Marlborough)	Pinot Noir	Spy Valley
Spain	"Gritty on the nose, this has baked bean, mushroom, roasted plum and earth aromas. It feels blocky and tannic, with some cushion to the palate. Oaky tasting, with prune, vanilla and buttery notes that settle on baked fruit and chocolate. It comes on forceful and heavy and is arguably a little overripe."	Reserva	89	80	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Resalte 2005 Reserva  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Resalte
Italy	"You'll find aromas of violet, iris, red berry and baking spice on this savory blend of 90% Sangiovese, Merlot and Syrah. The vibrant palate doles out wild cherry, crushed raspberry, cinnamon and a hint of tobacco alongside polished tannins and bright acidity."	Pèppoli	89	25	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Marchesi Antinori 2013 Pèppoli  (Chianti Classico)	Red Blend	Marchesi Antinori
US	"A distinctly musky note mingles amidst pretty orange blossom and grapefruit on this dainty, but surprisingly complex Sauvignon Blanc. Mouthwatering acidity yields a brisk but clean finish."		88	20	New York	North Fork of Long Island	Long Island	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Raphael 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (North Fork of Long Island)	Sauvignon Blanc	Raphael
Argentina	"Earthy and leathery on the bouquet, with a cooked, charred element. Feels drawing but solid, with choppy tannins and flavors of baked berries, herbs and charred oak. Finishes warm and meaty, with an herbal note."		86	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodega Poesia 2010 Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Bodega Poesia
US	"Here is an outstanding stainless-fermented Chardonnay, thick and fruity. It's totally loaded with ripe apple and pear-pastry goodness, and the flavors dive deep into a thoroughly delicious, textural finish."	Her Silhouette	92	22	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Amalie Robert 2013 Her Silhouette Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Amalie Robert
US	"The latest vintage of this white Pinot Noir is a pretty straw color, lacking the rich rose hue of the 2013, but the flavors remain robust and compelling. You'll find plenty of mixed tree fruits, along with suggestions of grass, herb, cracker and toast, with a youthfully yeasty aftertaste."	Bayliss-Bower Vineyard Pinot Noir Blanc	90	25	Oregon	Willamette Valley		Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Ghost Hill 2014 Bayliss-Bower Vineyard Pinot Noir Blanc Pinot Noir	Pinot Noir	Ghost Hill
US	"Succulent black cherry, clove and oak mingle effortlessly in this simple, straightforward and light-bodied varietal wine. It also shows a wealth of rose and sage perfume on the nose."		86	26	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Ca' Momi 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Ca' Momi
US	"Dry and smoothly tannic, this wine is packed with complex blackberry-pie, currant, anise, herb and cedar flavors. This is nearly as good as the winery's more costly Walking Tree Vineyard Block Collection Cabernet, but it's just a little less concentrated."		89	13	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Geyser Peak 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Geyser Peak
Portugal	"Light mouthfeel to this cinnamon- and herb-flavored wine. The fruit shows through with a black jelly character. Soft, rounded, ready for drinking."		84	7	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Finisterra 2009 Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Finisterra
US	"The deep, dark-red color and jammy fruit aromas signal a bold, friendly style that develops in the ripe blackberry, maple and strawberry flavors. It has a rich, soft texture and lingering finish that is almost sweet."		87	13	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Love Noir 2012 Pinot Noir (California)	Pinot Noir	Love Noir
Chile	"With no oak for makeup, this smells natural and a touch stalky, with melony fruit scents. The full, healthy palate is naturally creamy but also braced by bold acidity. Fresh flavors of citrus, apple and melon finish a bit salty."	Reserva Unoaked	87	13	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Apaltagua 2014 Reserva Unoaked Chardonnay (San Antonio)	Chardonnay	Apaltagua
Spain	"Bold aromas of mint, spice and smoky cherry and plum lead to a full, fair and honest palate with choppy tannins. Toasty, minty, oak-heavy flavors of black plum, black currant, herbs and spice finish with good length and character. Drink through 2019."	Crianza	90	16	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Viña Olabarri 2013 Crianza  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Viña Olabarri
US	"From a 16-acre, dry-farmed vineyard near the producer's Carneros winery, this opens with a yeasty aroma, followed by black cherry and pomegranate. Soft, high in acidity and well-integrated in terms of oak, its finish is lingering in cinnamon and dried herb."	Bacchus Collection Gee Vineyard	88	60	California	Carneros	Napa-Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Bouchaine 2012 Bacchus Collection Gee Vineyard Pinot Noir (Carneros)	Pinot Noir	Bouchaine
US	"This is a compelling example of how very low-alcohol wines needn't be thin or overly green. This shows fennel and dill notes on the nose, along with cola, red cherry, cranberry, star anise and nutmeg. The palate's sizzling acidity carries zesty pomegranate and cranberry fruit, with touches of black pepper, pork fat, lavender, rosemary and lamb roast."	Alfaro Family VIneyard	93	55	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Big Basin 2013 Alfaro Family VIneyard Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Big Basin
US	"Blush wines from Pinot Noir can be all over the map. But this one lands squarely on the dry, balanced side, offering crisp flavors of cherries, rose petals, orange tea, cloves and cinnamon. Superversatile with a wide range of foods, it's a good by-the-glass wine for restaurants."	Pinot Noir Rosé	87	13	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Kenwood 2007 Pinot Noir Rosé Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Kenwood
US	"With its flavors of raspberry and cherry soda, this a simple Pinot Noir. A slight grassy note comes through on the finish."		85	16	Oregon	Oregon	Oregon Other	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Eola Hills 2010 Pinot Noir (Oregon)	Pinot Noir	Eola Hills
Portugal	"Big, ripe and perfumed, this is a solid and tannic wine. The perfumes give the wine its immediate attractiveness but the firm tannins and the generous black fruits fill the wine and give it some potential. Drink from 2019."	Reserva	88	18	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta da Lapa 2013 Reserva Syrah (Tejo)	Syrah	Quinta da Lapa
Spain	"Very familiar Rioja aromas of cherry, plum and prune scream Tempranillo. This is wiry in feel, with tight, hammering acidity. Berry and black-cherry flavors finish on a subtle note of chocolate along with a final shot of juicy, sharp acidity."	Reserva	89	23	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Dios Ares 2011 Reserva  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Dios Ares
US	This is a gorgeously floral and herbal wine nuanced in curvy minerality that both defines it and allows it to support lovely accents of apricot and peach.		92	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Grieve 2014 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Grieve
Italy	"Red berry, chopped herb, toast and a whiff of French oak are some of the aromas that take shape in the glass. The palate is taut but elegant, offering bright wild cherry, licorice and vanilla flavors, while tightly wound, fine-grained tannins leave a firm finish. Give this time to unwind and fully develop."	Asinone	91	60	Tuscany	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Poliziano 2013 Asinone  (Vino Nobile di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Poliziano
US	"Livermore-based Fenestra always does well by Silvaspoons VIneyard in Lodi, a site devoted to Iberian and other unusual varieties, and its Tempranillo is bright and full-bodied, a glass of chewy dark cherries and coffee and caramel. Black in color, the finish is toasty with cloves. Pair it with hamburgers."	Silvaspoons Vineyard	87	23	California	Lodi	Central Valley	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fenestra 2009 Silvaspoons Vineyard Tempranillo (Lodi)	Tempranillo	Fenestra
Portugal	"Produced from old vines, this is a crisp, bright wine. Its caramel and perfumes give it an exotic edge while acidity keeps everything lively. It is ready to drink."	Lua Cheia em Vinhas Velhas	84	14	Douro			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Wines & Winemakers 2016 Lua Cheia em Vinhas Velhas Rosé (Douro)	Rosé	Wines & Winemakers
Portugal	"Top consultant Luis Duarte has produced this wine from vines in the southeast Alentejo district of Reguengos. It's bold and ripe, with a heady mix of Aragonez, Alicante Bouschet and Touriga Nacional giving powerful, dense, black fruit flavors. The aftertaste, with its acidity and tannins, suggests aging potential. Drink from 2019."	Monte do Carrapatelo Colheita Seleccionada	92	25	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Luis Duarte 2015 Monte do Carrapatelo Colheita Seleccionada Red (Alentejano)	Portuguese Red	Luis Duarte
South Africa	"A stunning wine loaded with nuance and complexity, Fusion V is a blend of 56% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Cabernet Franc, 12% Malbec, 7% Merlot and 5% Petit Verdot. Spicy accents of leather, tobacco and cured meat add intrigue to the dark fruit core, while pepper and sweet licorice spice infuse the long finish. It's textured like crushed velvet with a firm structure of dusty tannins that linger. Drink now–2014."	Fusion V	93	50	Stellenbosch			Lauren Buzzeo	@laurbuzz	De Toren 2008 Fusion V Red (Stellenbosch)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	De Toren
US	"The maraschino cherry-like aromas of this pink wine evoke a delicious Shirley Temple cocktail, with touches of lemon-lime soda and raspberry. There is solid acidity and grip to the palate, as well as red apple and wet slate flavors."		89	25	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Dragonette 2016 Rosé (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Rosé	Dragonette
New Zealand	"Citrus and herb aromas set the mouth watering, anticipating a crisp, bracing wine. But this one's surprisingly soft in the mouth, filling out with tropical fruit flavors that could use a bit more zest."		84	12	Marlborough			Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Zeal 2007 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Zeal
US	"Waxy peach-, pineapple- and pear-scented, this fulsome and fresh white offers lively acidity within a complex, medium-bodied framework. From estate-grown fruit, it's a rarity from the appellation and well worth seeking out."	Estate Grown	90	34	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	J Vineyards & Winery 2015 Estate Grown Pinot Gris (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Gris	J Vineyards & Winery
France	"The wine is soft with a fine touch of tannin and some stalkiness. It has black currants that are ripe while remaining crisp. The wine is easy, accessible and ready to drink."	Chai de Bordes	85	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Cheval Quancard 2015 Chai de Bordes  (Bordeaux)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Cheval Quancard
France	"Light, fresh, raspberry-flavored wine, with a hint of spice and great lines of acidity. The wine is fruity, delicious."		84	13	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Rosé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Beauregard-Ducourt 2010 Rosé (Bordeaux Rosé)	Rosé	Château Beauregard-Ducourt
US	"This winery produces a slew of Pinot Noirs each year, and this specific clonal study shows clove and cardamom on the somewhat subdued nose. The flavors are more forward, dominated by black tea and cherry, with a touch of tannin."	Pommard Clone	89	55	California	Sta. Rita Hills	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Fess Parker 2012 Pommard Clone Pinot Noir (Sta. Rita Hills)	Pinot Noir	Fess Parker
France	"This lively, crisply acidic wine hints at toast, but goes much more for a delicious citrus character. There's a great freshness to the wine, showing some pear flavors and a fine edge of apple skins."	Les Morats	87	22	Burgundy	Saint-Véran		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fuissé 2006 Les Morats  (Saint-Véran)	Chardonnay	Château de Fuissé
Spain	"Mossy, earthy and damp smelling, this has roasted plum and berry aromas that suggest savory things to come. It feels rich, with good acidity and a thick overall texture. Saucy plum, berry, tomato and herb flavors finish with barbecue, vanilla and tobacco accents. This is a blend of Monastrell, Syrah and Tempranillo, with 500 cases produced."		89	20	Levante	Alicante		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cruz Montesa 2009 Red (Alicante)	Red Blend	Cruz Montesa
Italy	"Made with Cabernet and Merlot, this offers scents of cedar, black currant, graphite and aromatic herb. Notes of licorice, ground pepper and tobacco accent the core of crushed blackberry and black cherry while polished tannins provide the framework. The lingering finish ends on a tobacco note."	Giusto di Notri	94	100	Tuscany	Toscana		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Tua Rita 2012 Giusto di Notri Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Tua Rita
Ukraine	"This pale lemon sparkling wine has aromas of citrus flowers, brioche and yeast in the bouquet. It is slightly sweet on the palate with flavors of green apple, peach and sweet lime juice."	Semi-Dry	82	10	Ukraine			Jeff Jenssen	@worldwineguys	Marengo NV Semi-Dry Sparkling (Ukraine)	Sparkling Blend	Marengo
US	"Wound up like a drum, this wine opens to reveal hedonistic aromas of toast, barrel spice, blackberry and light meaty notes. It's made in a full-bodied, concentrated style, with wound-up tannins that would benefit from time in the cellar. Best after 2020."	The Bully	92	50	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Gorman 2012 The Bully Cabernet Sauvignon (Red Mountain)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Gorman
Lebanon	"Aromas of grapefruit and seawater greet the nose in this medium gold-colored Chardonnay. Flavors of pink grapefruit, lemon, orange blossom and phyllo dough mingle on the palate, held up by a strong backbone of acidity."	Cuvée du Pape	88	30	Lebanon			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Château Ksara 2011 Cuvée du Pape Chardonnay (Lebanon)	Chardonnay	Château Ksara
New Zealand	"You've got to dig for them a little, but eventually this wine offers aromas of ginger, white flowers and almonds with a whiff of green beans followed by a citrusy, pithy palate. The finish doesn't last as long as you'll wish it did. Nevertheless, this is a solid example of the region's flagship variety."		88	18	Marlborough					Kim Crawford 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Marlborough)	Sauvignon Blanc	Kim Crawford
US	"This is a big, full-bodied and nicely balanced wine, with hefty blackberry and cherry flavors matched to a firm texture of rich acidity and fine-grained tannins."	Patriot	88	30	California	Mendocino County		Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Weibel Family 2012 Patriot Red (Mendocino County)	Red Blend	Weibel Family
US	"Plum, dark berries and a slick streak of almond paste combine in this supple wine. It has a touch of dried herb and soft leather, with light tannins wrapping up the finish."	Lange Estate Vineyard	90	70	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Lange 2014 Lange Estate Vineyard Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Lange
France	"Great white fruits, hints of peach and tight citrus-zest texture all give this wine its great freshness. At the same time the texture suggests minerality and a nervy edge. Hints of the wood are just right for this intensely fruity wine."	Les Combettes Premier Cru	93	191	Burgundy	Puligny-Montrachet		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Jacques Prieur 2014 Les Combettes Premier Cru  (Puligny-Montrachet)	Chardonnay	Domaine Jacques Prieur
Italy	"Aromas of exotic spice, baked plum, leather and menthol lead the nose along with a whiff of crushed purple flower. The smooth hearty palate delivers mature blackberry, prune, cinnamon and pipe tobacco while velvety tannins provide seamless support."		91	51	Veneto	Amarone della Valpolicella		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Musella 2011  Amarone della Valpolicella	Red Blend	Musella
US	"Grenache takes the lead, making up 60% of this wine, which was co-fermented with Cabernet. Generous aromas of earth, white pepper, herbs, flowers, funk, smoked salt and crushed strawberry lead to a palate chock-full of smoked meat and savory flavors. It shows a beautiful sense of elegance and grace that belies the richness and length of the fruit and savory flavors."		93	70	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	La Rata 2013 Red (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Red Blend	La Rata
Portugal	"This is a serious wine from Aveleda's estate in Bairrada. With its bold, tarry tannins and solid structure, it's a wine that combines longevity and impressive fruit. Mineral, structured and concentrated with big black-fruit flavors and a dry, solid core, it's destined for long aging. Drink from 2019."	Quinta da Aguieira Grande Follies	93	40	Bairrada			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Aveleda 2011 Quinta da Aguieira Grande Follies Red (Bairrada)	Portuguese Red	Aveleda
Italy	"Alastro, from the dynamic Planeta winery in Sicily, is a wood-driven blend of Grecanico and Chardonnay (only 10% sees oak) with sophisticated aromas of almond, buttery peach and honeysuckle. This luminous wine offers good density and weight in the mouth, with a smooth and polished finish."	Alastro	88	21	Sicily & Sardinia	Sicilia				Planeta 2007 Alastro White (Sicilia)	White Blend	Planeta
US	"With the pale color and flavor of a peach just turning orange-pink and a delicate mouthfeel, this is a great example of blush bubbly made from Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. It shows a great deal of class for the price."	Mirabelle Brut Rosé	88	27	California	California	California Other			Schramsberg NV Mirabelle Brut Rosé Sparkling (California)	Sparkling Blend	Schramsberg
Italy	"White flower, stone fruit, apple and bread crust aromas lead the nose. The fresh palate offers up yellow peach, candied lemon and hints of clove and white pepper alongside a vivacious perlage and brisk acidity."	Blanc de Noir Brut	89	42	Lombardy	Franciacorta		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Majolini NV Blanc de Noir Brut Sparkling (Franciacorta)	Sparkling Blend	Majolini
US	"Made from 76% Pinot Noir and 24% Chardonnay, spice-tinged fruit aromas and toasted baguette complexity make a grand entrance on the nose. It then gushes bold and complex flavors, like toasted walnuts and almonds, poached pears and a touch of ginger. Although big and broad in flavor for a sparkling wine, it's very well structured and a good bet to age through 2022 or longer."	Reserve	96	120	California	North Coast	North Coast	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Schramsberg 2007 Reserve Sparkling (North Coast)	Sparkling Blend	Schramsberg
France	This is a hard-edged wine with a chemical character. It's tough both in tannins and extracted fruits.	Cuvée Maucaillou	83	15	Bordeaux	Bordeaux Supérieur		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château Belrose 2012 Cuvée Maucaillou  (Bordeaux Supérieur)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château Belrose
Chile	"Crisp green aromas suggest lime and then passion fruit. It's lively and spritzy in the mouth, with high acidity yielding green flavors that transition to pithy and heavy. Lemon-lime mixed with celery notes come up on the finish."	EQ	88	20	San Antonio			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matetic 2010 EQ Sauvignon Blanc (San Antonio)	Sauvignon Blanc	Matetic
US	"Light aromas of the barnyard don't impede the impression of pretty strawberry-pastry fruit flavors. The aging in 20% new French oak adds streaks of vanilla, cocoa and mocha to the finish."	Marylhurst Estate	88	36	Oregon	Dundee Hills	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Vista Hills 2011 Marylhurst Estate Pinot Noir (Dundee Hills)	Pinot Noir	Vista Hills
US	"DVX is Mumm Napa's top of the line vintage bottling. This '02 is a 50-50 blend of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, making it a brut. It's very high in acidity, and the bubbles are tiny and refined, giving it the ultra-smooth mouthfeel you want in a superior sparkling wine. The raspberry, lime and pear flavors are rich, but subtle, reined in by yeastiness and a tangy minerality. Drink this luxurious bubbly now and over the next 10 years."	DVX	94	55	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Mumm Napa 2002 DVX Sparkling (Napa Valley)	Sparkling Blend	Mumm Napa
Argentina	"Smells like wet clay with an accent of floral black fruit. In the mouth, it's edgy and sharp, with rock-hard tannins that clamp down. Tastes lactic but not creamy, with sharp red-fruit flavors and a hard finish."		82	11	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mil Piedras 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Mil Piedras
US	"Clove and sage combine with brisk raspberry and warmer strawberry fruit for a lively wine. Flavors of black cherry, gingerbread cake, eucalyptus and lingering black spice comprise the palate, which is booming with mouth-watering acidity and strong tannins. Drink 2018 onward."	Erwin Vineyard	93	50	California	Santa Cruz Mountains	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Clos La Chance 2012 Erwin Vineyard Pinot Noir (Santa Cruz Mountains)	Pinot Noir	Clos La Chance
US	"On the western edge of the appellation, this vineyard provides a juicy, dusty core of full-bodied tannins and black cherry, a generous expression of ripe fruit with a complex edge. It finishes with touches of broth and tomato leaf."	Don Thomas Vineyard	91	145	California	Rutherford	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Castello di Amorosa 2012 Don Thomas Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Rutherford)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Castello di Amorosa
France	"Pegau's Cuvée Laurence is aged in wood for longer than the Cuvée Resérvée, but is otherwise nearly identical. The 2012 version is full-bodied, dense and richly textured, redolent of liniment, horse tack and garrigue, yet backed by ample cherry and plum fruit. Drink now–2025."	Cuvée Laurence	93	145	Rhône Valley	Châteauneuf-du-Pape		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Domaine du Pegau 2012 Cuvée Laurence Red (Châteauneuf-du-Pape)	Rhône-style Red Blend	Domaine du Pegau
US	"Ripe and broad shouldered, this blend of Zinfandel, Syrah, Petite Sirah and Cabernet Sauvignon is full in flavor and tannins. It's a perfect pizza wine."	Cimarron	85	25	California	Lake County		Virginie Boone	@vboone	Vigilance 2010 Cimarron Red (Lake County)	Red Blend	Vigilance
US	"This is a solid Chardonnay for a great price. It has full body and an oaky, buttery personality that will make few enemies. It's richly textured, with an almost-sweet quality to its fruit."		87	10	California	California	California Other	Jim Gordon	@gordone_cellars	Dark Horse 2014 Chardonnay (California)	Chardonnay	Dark Horse
Italy	Passo del Lupo (85% Montepulciano with Sangiovese for extra acidity) is aged two years in oak but is nonetheless a strange wine with candied aromas of cassis and raspberry lollipop. It's a curiosity that might not appeal to everyone.	Passo del Lupo Riserva	88	40	Central Italy	Conero				Fazi Battaglia 2009 Passo del Lupo Riserva  (Conero)	Red Blend	Fazi Battaglia
Argentina	"Jammy, somewhat green aromas are suggestive of tomato sauce with oregano and thyme. This feels full, creamy and thick, with earthy, herbal berry flavors that finish with creamy weight and chewy tannins."		86	22	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Cicchitti 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon (Mendoza)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Cicchitti
Italy	"This is a special expression of Sangiovese (and a small amount of Cannaiolo) with a pure, luminous quality aided by subtle aromas of forest berry, white licorice, cola and pressed lavender. It's an elegant wine from start to finish."	Testamatta Soffocone di Vincigliata	90	45	Tuscany	Toscana				Bibi Graetz 2009 Testamatta Soffocone di Vincigliata Red (Toscana)	Red Blend	Bibi Graetz
France	"A very tropical nose that even has a touch of passion fruit leads onto a very fresh easy fruit-driven palate. Lemon and tart orange characterize the aromas on the light, dry and fresh body. Drink soon while aromas are at their peak."	Découverte	88	18	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Cave du Roi Dagobert 2016 Découverte Riesling (Alsace)	Riesling	Cave du Roi Dagobert
Spain	"Reduced wild-berry aromas are granular but succeed in setting up a firm, tannic palate. Flavors of blackberry, cassis and prune end with cookie-like notes of Graham cracker as well as toast. As a whole, this Syrah-Garnacha-Cabernet Sauvignon blend is muscular, tannic and brawny; drink through 2020."	Reserva	90	28	Levante	Utiel-Requena		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Casa Lo Alto 2010 Reserva Red (Utiel-Requena)	Red Blend	Finca Casa Lo Alto
US	"The Fillippini family has been growing grapes in eastern Paso Robles since 1982, and this is among their better modern bottlings. The nose offers light sandalwood, ripe cranberry and river stone mineral scents. Its punchy berry fruit is underlaid with leather and cigar accents on the palate, where buoyant acidity and grippy tannic structure pervades."	Di Domenico	90	37	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Le Vigne 2014 Di Domenico Sangiovese (Paso Robles)	Sangiovese	Le Vigne
US	"Just a touch pink, this delicately hued rosé penetrates with fresh watermelon and raspberry flavors. Vivid and crisp, it's elegantly mineral and boasts a cool—almost alpine—freshness making it perfect for summer months."	Dry Wiltberger Vineyard Field Blend	88	16	New York	Finger Lakes	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Keuka Spring 2014 Dry Wiltberger Vineyard Field Blend Rosé (Finger Lakes)	Rosé	Keuka Spring
US	"This is a dry wine, yet the flavors of raspberries and cherries are sweet tasting. It has a delicate, silky mouthfeel, and the tart acids add plenty of cut. Pair this with grilled, broiled or pan-fried steak, served with mushrooms."		92	42	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			La Rochelle 2009 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	La Rochelle
Italy	"Exotic spice, wet earth, red cherry and black currant describe the nose of this medium-bodied Chianti Superiore. The wine is luminous and compact with a direct and immediate delivery of fruit flavors and good freshness."		86	16	Tuscany	Chianti Superiore				Castello di Monastero 2004  Chianti Superiore	Sangiovese	Castello di Monastero
US	"Distinguished in its texture, this Syrah boasts smooth, complex tannins and a bright burst of acidity, which provides the framework for rich flavors of blackberries, plums, bacon and spices. Drink soon for its youthful vigor."		90	25	California	Central Coast	Central Coast			Firestone 2009 Syrah (Central Coast)	Syrah	Firestone
US	"This shows classic Cabernet Sauvignon character, and there's even a Bordeaux-like earthiness that grounds the cherry, currant and cedar flavors. Made from fruit grown in the winery's Alexander Valley vineyard, this is ideal for drinking now."	Block Collection Walking Tree	90	20	California	Alexander Valley	Sonoma			Geyser Peak 2009 Block Collection Walking Tree Cabernet Sauvignon (Alexander Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Geyser Peak
Chile	"Rooty and on the verge of being overripe, this is yet another 2006 Cabernet from Chile with hot-weather signatures draped all over it. The nose is baked, while the fruit is all sweet black plum and berry with heat on the finish."	Sibaris Reserva Especial	84	17	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2006 Sibaris Reserva Especial Cabernet Sauvignon (Maipo Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Undurraga
US	"The aromas of herb, kiwi and pink grapefruit are light and subtle. The tart flavors show more generosity, though the concentration doesn't quite seem all there."		87	17	Washington	Ancient Lakes	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Jones of Washington 2015 Sauvignon Blanc (Ancient Lakes)	Sauvignon Blanc	Jones of Washington
France	Well structured wine with plenty of ripe fruit. The freshness of fruit is replaced by spice and peach flavors.	Le Clos	90	57	Burgundy	Pouilly-Fuissé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Fuissé 2008 Le Clos  (Pouilly-Fuissé)	Chardonnay	Château de Fuissé
US	"Sweet-leaning aromas of apple, nectarine and mandarin orange are cut by a wet-cement aroma on the nose of this bottling. It's light and easy in style on the palate, with lime rind and chalk flavors. It's altogether quite mellow but very refreshing and quaffable."	Vogelzang Vineyard	90	28	California	Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Foxen 7200 2015 Vogelzang Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Happy Canyon of Santa Barbara)	Sauvignon Blanc	Foxen 7200
Portugal	"This is a wood-aged blend of Alicante Bouschet, Syrah and Touriga Nacional, producing a wine that is both structured and ripe with black fruits. It has considerable acidity, spice along with some aging potential. Drink from 2018."	Lobo e Falcão Reserva	88	20	Tejo			Roger Voss	@vossroger	Quinta do Casal Branco 2014 Lobo e Falcão Reserva Red (Tejo)	Portuguese Red	Quinta do Casal Branco
US	"In this 100% varietal wine, tire rubber, spice box and flower aromas are followed by seamless dark fruit flavors backed by firm but well integrated tannins. It shows a pleasant balance that sustains through the finish."	Ciel du Cheval Vineyard	88	35	Washington	Red Mountain	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	:Nota Bene 2013 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard Merlot (Red Mountain)	Merlot	:Nota Bene
South Africa	"Everything about this elegant Chardonnay says balance and proportion. The tropical fruit shadings are carried by a solid acid backbone and accented smartly by mineral notes. A subtle yet rich perfume provides unexpected pleasure, and this wine has structure, reserve and depth. Can last two to five years."		90	15	Stellenbosch					Waterford 1999 Chardonnay (Stellenbosch)	Chardonnay	Waterford
France	"A tough proposition at this young stage, but one which will definitely mature well, if slowly. There's power from tannins and fruit, both promising aging. Dark and dense, this hints at the juicy black fruits to come."		88	20	Bordeaux	Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Château de Belcier 2010  Castillon Côtes de Bordeaux	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Château de Belcier
US	"Grassy and floral, with a suggestion of hay, this wine has a smooth structure and slight perception of sweetness, built around a core of juicy peach fuzz and apricot."		87	19	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Mason Cellars 2016 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Mason Cellars
US	"Made using 50% Barbera and 50% Alicante Bouschet, this wine is fragrant and full-bodied, with notes of toasty oak and leather. The blend spent more than a year in new French oak, and it shows, both in terms of taste and structure. Should be an interesting wine over time."	Private Stock	86	80	California	Amador County	Sierra Foothills	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Fiddletown Cellars 2010 Private Stock Red (Amador County)	Red Blend	Fiddletown Cellars
US	"As good as the winery's other 2008s are, this wine raises the stakes. It's bone dry, deeply tannic and marked by classic varietal flavors of blackberries, cassis and dark chocolate, with sweet, smoky oak. Almost a food group in itself for its complexity, it's dazzling now for its sheer luxurious deliciousness, yet is guaranteed to develop over at least the next 10 years."	Reserve	98	125	California	Diamond Mountain District	Napa			Von Strasser 2008 Reserve Red (Diamond Mountain District)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Von Strasser
US	"Give this lush, rich Syrah two or three years to soften and develop in the bottle. It's a very good wine, offering impressive blackberry, blueberry and cherry-pie filling flavors, wrapped into fine acids and tannins. But it's fresh and young and will get better. Better well into 2011."	McGinley Vineyard	90	36	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast			Andrew Murray 2008 McGinley Vineyard Syrah (Santa Ynez Valley)	Syrah	Andrew Murray
Spain	"This is yet another dense, powerful single-vineyard wine from Artadi. The palate is pure silk and very ripe. Saturated blackberry, boysenberry, toast, chocolate and herbal flavors finish plump and smooth. This delicious, unctuous heavyweight from a hot year is made for early consumption; drink through 2019."	La Poza de Ballesteros	93	110	Northern Spain	Rioja		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Artadi 2012 La Poza de Ballesteros  (Rioja)	Tempranillo	Artadi
Spain	"This is rusty in color, with burnt leaf and dried earth aromas. Drying and hard on the palate, it has an earthy, leafy set of strained red-fruit flavors. Bitter and rough on the finish."	Diego de Almagro	81	10	Central Spain	Valdepeñas		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Pagos del Rey 2010 Diego de Almagro Tempranillo (Valdepeñas)	Tempranillo	Pagos del Rey
Italy	"Aromas of exotic spice, incense and aromatic herb lead the way. On the racy palate, hints of dark spice and cranberry add interest to the wild cherry core while vibrant acidity and supple tannins make it fresh and easy drinking."		87	33	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Le Macioche 2013  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Le Macioche
Italy	"Composed of Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this offers aromas of blackberry, espresso, toast and a whiff of exotic spice. The palate offers black cherry extract, coconut, vanilla, toasted oak and licorice accompanied by fine-grained tannins. Drink through 2017."		88	20	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Castello di Monterinaldi 2012  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Castello di Monterinaldi
Italy	"Made with 85% Sangiovese and 15% Merlot and Canaiolo, this shows aromas of dark berry and a whiff of orange peel. The simple, rather thin palate offers dried black cherry, prune and a cedar note alongside fleeting tannins."		86	16	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Talosa 2014  Rosso di Montepulciano	Red Blend	Talosa
US	"A little too ripe, with jammy raspberry, cherry, blackberry and Dr. Pepper flavors that have a pie-filling sweetness. Other than that, structurally, the wine has smooth, ripe tannins and a lush coating of oak."		86	60	California	Spring Mountain District	Napa			Fantesca 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Spring Mountain District)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Fantesca
US	"No one will ever complain that this Napa Valley-Sonoma County blend isn't fruity enough. It's deliciously explosive in jammy blackberries, cassis, cherries and milk chocolate. Oak adds notes of caramel. But flavor isn't everything, and this wine would benefit from greater restraint and structural integrity."	Encomium	88	70	California	California	California Other			Keating 2009 Encomium Cabernet Sauvignon (California)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Keating
Argentina	"Fruity and earthy, with sly, narrow flavors of blackberry and chocolate. This has the ripeness and power that one would expect from a high-end Malbec, but also a bit more finesse and natural “redness” than many heavyweights from Argentina. Hints of herbs, pine, lemon peel and mocha grace the structured finish."	Kinien	90	30	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Ruca Malen 2004 Kinien Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Ruca Malen
US	"Café au lait, herb, cherry and wood-spice aromas lead to elegantly styled fruit and barrel flavors. It shows a lovely sense of styling."	XIX	90	45	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Dunham 2013 XIX Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Dunham
France	"This wine is made from parcels on steep slopes and produced as the family's flagship wine. At nearly three years old, it has already mellowed into a richly endowed wine, ripe with green fruits, spice and concentrated acidity. There is so much complexity to this finely structured wine that will allow it to age further. Drink from 2019."	Jadis	94	60	Loire Valley	Sancerre		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Henri Bourgeois 2014 Jadis  (Sancerre)	Sauvignon Blanc	Henri Bourgeois
France	"Attractively ripe, this has fruity red-berry flavors along with acidity and soft tannins. This is ready to drink now."	La Forêt	87	17	Burgundy	Bourgogne		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Joseph Drouhin 2010 La Forêt  (Bourgogne)	Pinot Noir	Joseph Drouhin
US	"It invigorates the senses with concentrated lemon and lime flavors tinged with minerals, tart stone fruits and blossoms. It's dry in style with a bold, mouth-filling palate, but gorgeously elegant. Finishes long with a ripple of lime-zest astringency."	Magdalena Vineyard Dry Estate Bottled and Grown	92	36	New York	Seneca Lake	Finger Lakes	Anna Lee C. Iijima		Hermann J. Wiemer 2012 Magdalena Vineyard Dry Estate Bottled and Grown Riesling (Seneca Lake)	Riesling	Hermann J. Wiemer
Italy	"Subdued aromas suggest red berry and a hint of dried herb. The tight palate shows red raspberry, raw cherry and a hint of cinnamon while rather austere tannins and brisk acidity provide support."	Alta Mora Rosso	88	25	Sicily & Sardinia	Etna		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Cusumano 2013 Alta Mora Rosso  (Etna)	Red Blend	Cusumano
US	"This bottling from a vineyard northwest of the Sta. Rita Hills opens with buttercream, lemon peel, lime spritz and toasted almond scents. The buttery quality extends to the full but energetic palate, where it's cut by lemon marmalade, savory smoke and toast notes. The finish is nutty."		91	39	California	Santa Ynez Valley	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Cebada 2013 Chardonnay (Santa Ynez Valley)	Chardonnay	Cebada
US	"This blend of 32% Syrah, 16% Grenache, 14% Petit Verdot, 12% Cabernet Franc, 12% Alicante Bouschet, 7% Cabernet Sauvignon and 7% Petite Sirah truly sings, as the name implies. A strong boysenberry pie aroma is lifted by purple flower scents on the nose, and the palate's lush black cherry, vanilla and mocha spice flavors are reminiscent of a dessert wine without being sweet."	Chorum	93	25	California	Paso Robles	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Villa San Juliette 2013 Chorum Red (Paso Robles)	Red Blend	Villa San Juliette
US	"Since planting in 1997, Bucher Vineyard has been a renowned source of Pinot Noir for exceptional local wineries. Now the Bucher family is making their own wine, with good results. The wine is dry, fresh and keen in acidity, and has considerable weight, with ripe, forward raspberry, cherry, bacon, sautéed wild mushroom and exotic spice flavors. However, it's still too young. Begin to enjoy it around 2018."		91	40	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma			Bucher 2012 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	Bucher
Australia	"This plump, medium-bodied Pinot Noir lacks for fruit, instead showcasing savory notes of underbrush, smoke and roasted vegetables. Drink up."		84	14	Victoria	Yarra Valley		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Shoofly 2012 Pinot Noir (Yarra Valley)	Pinot Noir	Shoofly
US	"Roasted coffee bean, ember and spice aromas take the lead on this blend. The flavors display the same, showing a surprising amount of restraint for the vintage."	Abracadabra	88	22	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Brian Carter Cellars 2013 Abracadabra Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Brian Carter Cellars
France	"Slightly confected cherry notes open onto a rather soft, somewhat dilute palate with friendly, easy fruit. This might work as a refreshing summer red when chilled."		87	19	Alsace	Alsace		Anne Krebiehl MW	@AnneInVino	Hubert Meyer 2014 Pinot Noir (Alsace)	Pinot Noir	Hubert Meyer
Chile	"Smooth smelling, with pure and fresh berry and plum aromas. Very young and a bit tangy on the palate, with cherry and berry flavors and an oaky, soft finish that goes sweet then sour, and lasts for a long time. In terms of structure, it's balanced, mildly tannic, yet meant for drinking now."	Reserva	87	12	Maipo Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Undurraga 2001 Reserva Merlot (Maipo Valley)	Merlot	Undurraga
Greece	"This vivacious white is a beach pour with class. Fresh lemon zest and floral aromas and a combination of white fruit, minerals and citrus on the palate are lively and light, but the wine has some weight behind it."	Sofos The Wise One Moschofilero-Chardonnay	88	12	Peloponnese			Susan Kostrzewa	@suskostrzewa	Domaine Gioulis 2013 Sofos The Wise One Moschofilero-Chardonnay White (Peloponnese)	White Blend	Domaine Gioulis
US	"This dry-tasting Riesling contains only 6.6 g/L of residual sugar. Balanced and fresh peach, pear and tangerine fruit flavors combine on the palate for a full, round and tasty take on the grape."	Nicholas Vineyard	90	22	Oregon	Chehalem Mountains	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Rain Dance 2016 Nicholas Vineyard Riesling (Chehalem Mountains)	Riesling	Rain Dance
US	"Smooth and sultry purple fruit and flower notes get more specific on the black pepper and blackberry elements in this bottling from the family's original blocks, planted in 1992 and 1993. The palate is both dynamic and straightforward, with nuanced blueberry-blackberry fruits decorated by peppery spice that dances across solid structure into the long finish."	Originals	92	42	California	Ballard Canyon	Central Coast	Matt Kettmann	@mattkettmann	Stolpman 2013 Originals Syrah (Ballard Canyon)	Syrah	Stolpman
US	"Blue-fruit and spice aromas are vibrant and expressive. The palate is plush and flavorful with a supple feel, while the oak seems dialed back and the balance spot on."		89	13	Washington	Yakima Valley	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Lone Birch 2013 Syrah (Yakima Valley)	Syrah	Lone Birch
US	"Cabernet Sauvignon makes up a little over three-quarters of this blend, with Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Malbec and Petit Verdot rounding it out. The aromas start out brooding, with notes of pencil lead, black currant, flowers and green herb. The palate is focused, dense and textured, bringing an exquisite sense of balance along with a lengthy finish. Best after 2020."	Sorella Champoux Vineyard	92	83	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Andrew Will 2013 Sorella Champoux Vineyard Red (Horse Heaven Hills)	Bordeaux-style Red Blend	Andrew Will
Chile	"Dusty and dry on the nose, with raspberry and peppery spice notes that are true to the variety. Relatively solid in the mouth, with peppy red fruit flavors, tea and a tartness suggesting citrus or apple skins. Snappy juice that makes the grade."	Reserva	85	11	Casablanca Valley			Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Morandé 2009 Reserva Pinot Noir (Casablanca Valley)	Pinot Noir	Morandé
US	"This is labeled Methode Champenoise, though its time on the lees was minimal. It's a bit of a sourball, a mix of green apple and lemon, but would be a knockout with raw oysters."	Sparkling	88	45	Oregon	Willamette Valley	Willamette Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Eola Hills 2015 Sparkling Chardonnay (Willamette Valley)	Chardonnay	Eola Hills
Spain	"Leather and earth aromas are subtle, with oak and berry scents lurking. This Monastrell blend has a solid mouthfeel and firm tannins that scrape a little but also give structure. Plum, raspberry and herbal flavors finish woodsy and ultimately oaky as smoke and spice notes fade."	Luzón Crianza Selección 12 Meses	90	15	Levante	Jumilla		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Bodegas Luzón 2011 Luzón Crianza Selección 12 Meses Red (Jumilla)	Red Blend	Bodegas Luzón
France	"This is a light, fruity wine with lemon and apricot flavors and a citrus tang that gives a lift. It's attractive, fresh and with a ripe, warm aftertaste."		85	14	Burgundy	Mâcon		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Vignerons de Mancey 2014  Mâcon	Chardonnay	Vignerons de Mancey
Spain	"Cidery apple and stone-fruit aromas are fresh and basic. This blend includes Chardonnay, Macabeo and Parellada, and it's a lively number with spritz and citric acidity. Orange and tangerine flavors remain zesty and snappy on the finish."	Blanc Selecció	87	16	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Huguet de Can Feixes 2013 Blanc Selecció White (Penedès)	White Blend	Huguet de Can Feixes
Germany	"Bürklin-Wolf's standard label Wachenheim-dry Riesling has all the vivacious acidity and citrus flavor of its premier cru counterparts but is also starker and leaner in style. Its sharp, angular feel is elegant and penetrating though, finishing with a nuanced dusting of saffron and crushed minerals. Drink now through 2018."	Wachenheimer Dry	90	20	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Dr. Bürklin-Wolf 2014 Wachenheimer Dry Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Dr. Bürklin-Wolf
US	"This is made from Pinot Noir grapes grown in two unlikely places in the Napa Valley: the Foss Valley near Atlas Peak and Spring Mountain. There is incredible deliciousness going on in this ever-so-lightly hued wine that is vibrantly crisp in grapefruit rind and earthy cranberry and raspberry. With the slightest salinity on the back palate, it remains thirst-quenching and memorable from start to finish."	Rosé of	93	22	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Brick & Mortar 2014 Rosé of Pinot Noir (Napa Valley)	Pinot Noir	Brick & Mortar
France	"This is a fresh, fruity and apple-crisp wine that is light, buoyant with acidity and shot with citrus. It is lightly mineral, textured and with attractive crispness at the end. The Devillard family bottles this wine on behalf the estate's owners. Drink now."	Domaine de la Garenne	87	25	Burgundy	Mâcon-Azé		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaines Devillard 2014 Domaine de la Garenne  (Mâcon-Azé)	Chardonnay	Domaines Devillard
US	"Juicy cranberry and pie cherry fruit brings this wine into clear focus. There is an underpinning of wet cement that comes across in the mid-palate, a sort of a stone wall that the fruit can't quite overcome. It fades into an astringent, tannic finish, still buoyed by those juicy acids."	Reserve	87	20	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Snoqualmie 2007 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Columbia Valley (WA))	Cabernet Sauvignon	Snoqualmie
US	"Aged in just one-third new French oak, this mostly shows the fruit, along with notes of green herbs, plum and currant accented by vanilla. The palate is medium bodied, slightly viscous in feel with a tart finish and dry tannins."	Reserve	87	22	Washington	Horse Heaven Hills	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Canoe Ridge 2011 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (Horse Heaven Hills)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Canoe Ridge
Spain	"Deep and dark, with cola, blackberry and mossy aromas. This is full-bodied, tight and tannic, with hardness that will only be tempered by food and/or more time in bottle. Tastes bold, chunky and ripe, with chocolate and licorice along with heat and tannic fire. Drink now through 2017."	Prestigio	91	70	Northern Spain	Ribera del Duero		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Matarromera 2005 Prestigio  (Ribera del Duero)	Tempranillo	Matarromera
France	Perfumed spice aromas give this wine its toasty character. The wood aging dominates the fruit. The fruit is ripe and will develop. Give this wine until 2024.	Clos de l'Ecu Premier Cru	89	77	Burgundy	Beaune		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Domaine Faiveley 2015 Clos de l'Ecu Premier Cru  (Beaune)	Pinot Noir	Domaine Faiveley
Portugal	"Dark, brooding and still tough, this powerful wine has layers of spice, black plum skins and dense tannins. Wood aging has added further tannins to this already dry and tough wine. Give it at least two years and drink from 2017."	Vila Santa	88	20	Alentejano			Roger Voss	@vossroger	J. Portugal Ramos 2013 Vila Santa Syrah (Alentejano)	Syrah	J. Portugal Ramos
Germany	"Bramble notes mingle alongside fresh lemon and pear in this off-dry Riesling, lending a savory, earthy tone throughout. Bright citrus flavors lead a brisk, clean finish. Drink now."		86	11	Pfalz			Anna Lee C. Iijima		Clear Night 2013 Riesling (Pfalz)	Riesling	Clear Night
US	"Tamarack's Firehouse Red incorporates 12 different grapes in the blend, though most are in tiny percentages. Nonetheless the wine is focused and deep, with luscious boysenberry, licorice and dark chocolate flavors wrapping together in a complex and textural whole."	Firehouse	90	18	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Tamarack Cellars 2012 Firehouse Red (Columbia Valley (WA))	Red Blend	Tamarack Cellars
Italy	"Purple flower, dark-skinned berry and brown spice aromas lead the nose of this young wine. The straightforward palate shows dried black cherry, powdered sage and a hint of espresso with lithe tannins. Drink soon."	Salterio	88	23	Tuscany	Rosso di Montepulciano		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Trerose 2015 Salterio  (Rosso di Montepulciano)	Red Blend	Trerose
US	"This producer continues to up its game with this variety, becoming more impressive with every vintage. With the majority stainless-steel fermented, it offers tart, tangy grapefruit pith, lemon and lime around a grip of sublime texture and length."	Naissance	94	30	California	Napa Valley	Napa	Virginie Boone	@vboone	Galerie 2016 Naissance Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Galerie
US	"Hailing from one of the state's premier Syrah sites, this wine leads with aromas of berry, coffee, chicory and violets. The flavors are supple, backed by lightly grainy tannins."	Les Collines Vineyard	89	35	Washington	Walla Walla Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Sean P. Sullivan	@wawinereport	Burnt Bridge 2013 Les Collines Vineyard Syrah (Walla Walla Valley (WA))	Syrah	Burnt Bridge
US	"Hay, cabbage and pickles in the nose? That's not what most of us are seeking. The palate is overtly grassy, bordering on weedy. A slight spritz to the mouthfeel neither helps nor hinders it. Beyond that, there's not much else to say."		81	20	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Edgewood 2000 Sauvignon Blanc (Napa Valley)	Sauvignon Blanc	Edgewood
Australia	"Though it's crisp and fresh in the mouth, this wine has some weight (and some oily viscosity) to it. Starts off in the mouth with a burst of sweetness, and a limey, grassy streak carries it through to the finish. Nose is fruity, with nectarine and mango highlights."	The Lodge Hill	90	15	South Australia	Clare Valley				Jim Barry 2002 The Lodge Hill Riesling (Clare Valley)	Riesling	Jim Barry
Spain	"Aromas of dry brush, wiry cherry and road tar open this Syrah. In the mouth, high acidity creates sheer angularity. Plum and tart black-currant flavors are staunch and rubbery on a mildly abrasive finish."		86	15	Northern Spain	Somontano		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Batán de Salas 2015 Syrah (Somontano)	Syrah	Batán de Salas
US	"Pineapple rind, lemon pith and orange blossom start off the aromas. The palate is a bit more opulent, with notes of honey-drizzled guava and mango giving way to a slightly astringent, semidry finish."	Reserve Late Harvest	87	13	Michigan	Lake Michigan Shore		Alexander Peartree		St. Julian 2013 Reserve Late Harvest Riesling (Lake Michigan Shore)	Riesling	St. Julian
France	"The wine is soft, fruity and ready to drink, with attractive fruitiness, soft acidity and a touch of wood. With a crisp aftertaste, it offers freshness as well."	Clos des Rocs Monopole	86	36	Burgundy	Pouilly-Loché		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Clos des Rocs 2012 Clos des Rocs Monopole  (Pouilly-Loché)	Chardonnay	Clos des Rocs
Israel	"Red-violet in the glass, this wine has a nose of black cherry, cocoa and freshly ground coffee. It is soft on entry, but velvety tannins and flavors of blackberry, vanilla, espresso bean and a soft hint of cocoa powder render it a more sophisticated quaff than first sip would suggest."		92	17	Upper Galilee			Mike DeSimone	@worldwineguys	Recanati 2015 Cabernet Sauvignon (Upper Galilee)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Recanati
Italy	"Bright red-skinned berry, new leather, herb and dark spice aromas waft out of the glass. It's medium-bodied on the palate, with star anise and tobacco notes adding depth to the fresh cherry core. Taut, refined tannins provide the framework. Drink 2018–2024."		90	50	Tuscany	Brunello di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Marchesato degli Aleramici 2012  Brunello di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Marchesato degli Aleramici
Australia	"The plush texture and silky midpalate almost define Langhorne Creek, and the cedar, cassis and tobacco notes are classic Cabernet. So what's the rub? The finish falls off just a bit too quickly. It's still nice stuff for the price."		89	17	South Australia	Langhorne Creek		Joe Czerwinski	@JoeCz	Heartland 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon (Langhorne Creek)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Heartland
US	"Young and yeasty, this is a style best consumed early. It refreshes like a light beer, quick and clean, with bracing acidity, but not much in the way of fruit."	Unoaked	85	13	Washington	Columbia Valley (WA)	Columbia Valley	Paul Gregutt	@paulgwine 	Claar 2009 Unoaked Chardonnay (Columbia Valley (WA))	Chardonnay	Claar
US	"Sizzling acidity enlivens the succulent, juicy fruit in this lush expression of the appellation. Made from grapes sourced in the Olivet Lane area, it builds in exotic spiciness, with forest, herb, earth and tea accents that grace the foundation of strawberry and blackberry flavors."	Fog Veil	93	65	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	La Crema 2015 Fog Veil Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	La Crema
France	"Made from 100% Gamay, this is a crisp wine with attractive acidity, red currant fruit and a spicy aftertaste. Drink now."	Savoie	86	15	France Other	Vin de Savoie		Roger Voss	@vossroger	Philippe Viallet 2016 Savoie Rosé (Vin de Savoie)	Rosé	Philippe Viallet
Italy	"Aromas recall underbrush, truffle, violet, tobacco leaf and black berry. The palate offers up red cherry, white pepper, clove, licorice and espresso alongside angular and drying tannins."		87	25	Tuscany	Rosso di Montalcino		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Pinino 2012  Rosso di Montalcino	Sangiovese	Pinino
Spain	"Peach pit, almond skin and other dry, waxy aromas carry the nose on this Macabeo-Xarello-Parellada blend. Flavors of lime and nettle are playful and acid-based, while the finish seems wet and fresh. Overall it is much like a cava without the bubbles."	Ermita d'Espiells	86	12	Catalonia	Penedès		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Juvé y Camps 2005 Ermita d'Espiells White (Penedès)	White Blend	Juvé y Camps
US	"Buttery, caramelized oak tones dominate the weak fruit flavors of orange and apricot. A simple and creamy Chardonnay."		82	13	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Red Pony Ranch 2011 Chardonnay (Santa Barbara County)	Chardonnay	Red Pony Ranch
US	"We all wonder if those cult Cabs will age, but there's no doubt that this is a cellar guarantee. Cathy Corison makes her Cabs less ripe than many others, so the alcohol is lower and the acids and tannins are harder and drier. That's in youth. But such is the depth of cherry, blackberry, cassis, cedar and mineral flavors and overall balance that this complex young wine should easily negotiate the next 15 years."		92	70	California	Napa Valley	Napa			Corison 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley)	Cabernet Sauvignon	Corison
US	"You'll find plenty of Pinot Noir character in this wine, which is ultimately simple and for drinking now. It's silky in the mouth, with crisp acids framing cherry, cranberry, cola and oak flavors."		85	25	California	Santa Barbara County	Central Coast			Inception 2010 Pinot Noir (Santa Barbara County)	Pinot Noir	Inception
Italy	"Aromas of oak, espresso, earth and leather characterize this blend of 95% Sangiovese and 5% Cabernet Sauvignon. The palate shows toasted oak, black pepper and black cherry notes but the fruit is starting to fade. Drink soon."		87	26	Tuscany	Chianti Classico		Kerin O’Keefe	@kerinokeefe	Toscolo 2011  Chianti Classico	Red Blend	Toscolo
Argentina	"Depth and complexity are key parts of this ripe Malbec that opens with hints of mushroom and stewed berry fruits along with cedary oak and tobacco. Mature and dense on the palate, this mixes blackberry fruit with raisin and prune, then follows with tea, spice and chocolate flavors on the back palate and finish. Drink now."	El Capitan Reserva	90	15	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Finca Adelma 2012 El Capitan Reserva Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Finca Adelma
US	"Let this burly, big-boned beauty open to fully enjoy its robust oak and fistfuls of black cherry, the oak showing in terms of toasty, slightly reductive aromas. A smooth texture keeps the wine flowing along a concentrated highway of power and ripeness."	The Flyer	91	59	California	Russian River Valley	Sonoma	Virginie Boone	@vboone	MacPhail 2013 The Flyer Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley)	Pinot Noir	MacPhail
Argentina	"Char and gritty scents ride heavily on the bouquet, which also shows fresher notes of cassis and raspberry. This excels via a natural feeling, pulpy palate and flavors of raspberry and red plum accented by pepper and herbs. A lightly herbal, minty finish offers length and good texture."	Unsung Hero	88	26	Mendoza Province	Mendoza		Michael Schachner	@wineschach	Mendoza Vineyards 2011 Unsung Hero Malbec (Mendoza)	Malbec	Mendoza Vineyards
